<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161025_10-Q_edgar_data_1527590_0001144204-16-129429_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16632177</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>251641</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>720445</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5356919</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7788581</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2129380</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>185</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-129429.hdr.sgml : 20161025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161025171648
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-129429
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		143
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZAIS Financial Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001527590
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				900729143
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35808
		FILM NUMBER:		161951029

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 322
		CITY:			RED BANK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-530-3610

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 322
		CITY:			RED BANK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-129429.txt : 20161025

10-Q
 1
 v450688_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q 
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 
Commission File Number: 001-35808  

ZAIS FINANCIAL CORP.  

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter) 

Maryland   
       90-0729143    
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)  
      (IRS Employer Identification No.)   

Two Bridge Avenue, Suite 322, Red Bank,
New Jersey 07701-1106  

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, Including
Zip Code) 

(732) 978-7518  

 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area
Code) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x  
No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
Yes   x   No      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  
      x  
      Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting   

company)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      
No   x  

Indicate the number of
shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

The Company has 8,836,902 shares
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding as of October 24, 2016. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I.  
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
      3   

Item 1A.  
       Forward-Looking Statements   
      41   

Item 2.  
       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      43   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      69   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      72   

PART II.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      72   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      72   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      72   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      72   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      72   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      73   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      73   

SIGNATURES   
       
     75  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements 

ZAIS Financial Corp. and Subsidiaries  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ZAIS Financial Corp. and Subsidiaries  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
(Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ZAIS Financial Corp. and Subsidiaries  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity
(Unaudited)  

  (Expressed in United
States Dollars, except share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ZAIS Financial Corp. and Subsidiaries  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ZAIS FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

1. Formation and Organization  

General   

ZAIS Financial Corp. (together
with its subsidiaries, the  Company ) was incorporated in Maryland on May 24, 2011, and has elected to be taxed
and to qualify as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) beginning with the taxable year ended December 31, 2011.
The Company completed its formation transaction and commenced operations on July 29, 2011. 

The Company invests in
residential mortgage loans. GMFS, LLC ( GMFS ), a mortgage banking platform the Company acquired in October 2014, originates,
sells and services residential mortgage loans and the Company may acquire performing, re-performing and newly originated loans
through other channels. The Company also invests in, finances and manages residential mortgage-backed securities ( RMBS )
that are not issued or guaranteed by a federally chartered corporation, such as the Federal National Mortgage Association ( Fannie
Mae ), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ( Freddie Mac ), or an agency of the U.S. Government, such as
Government National Mortgage Association ( Ginnie Mae ) ( non-Agency RMBS ), with an emphasis on securities
that, when originally issued, were rated in the highest rating category by one or more of the nationally recognized statistical
rating organizations and residential mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs ). The Company also has the discretion to invest
in RMBS that are issued or guaranteed by a federally chartered corporation or a U.S. Government agency ( Agency RMBS ),
including through To-Be-Announced ( TBA ) contracts, and in other real estate-related and financial assets. 

The Company is the
sole general partner of, and conducts substantially all of its business through, ZAIS Financial Partners, L.P. ( Company
Operating Partnership  or the  Operating Partnership ). The Company is externally managed by ZAIS REIT Management,
LLC (the  Advisor ), a subsidiary of ZAIS Group, LLC ( ZAIS ), and has no employees except for those employed
by GMFS. GMFS had 260 employees at September 30, 2016. 

The Company's income is
generated primarily by the net spread between the income it earns on its assets and the cost of its financing and hedging activities
in its residential mortgage investments segment, and the origination, sale and servicing of residential mortgage loans in its residential
mortgage banking segment. The Company's objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to its stockholders, primarily
through quarterly dividend distributions and secondarily through capital appreciation. 

The Company's charter authorizes
the issuance of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share, and 50,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. The Company's board of directors is authorized to amend its charter,
without the approval of stockholders, to increase the aggregate number of authorized shares of capital stock or the number of shares
of any class or series of capital stock or to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of its capital stock into other classes
or series of stock that the Company has the authority to issue. 

Plan of Merger with Sutherland Asset Management
Corporation ( Sutherland )   

On April 6, 2016, the Company,
the Operating Partnership, ZAIS Merger Sub, LLC ( Merger Sub ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, Sutherland
and Sutherland Partners, L.P. ( Sutherland Operating Partnership ) entered into an agreement and plan of merger, as
amended on May 9, 2016 and August 4, 2016 (the  Sutherland Merger Agreement ). Subject to the terms and conditions
of the Sutherland Merger Agreement, (i) Sutherland will merge with and into Merger Sub (the  Sutherland Merger ), with
Merger Sub surviving the Sutherland Merger and continuing as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and (ii) Sutherland Operating
Partnership will merge with and into Company Operating Partnership (the  Partnership Merger  and together with the
Sutherland Merger, the  Mergers ), with Company Operating Partnership surviving the Partnership Merger (for tax purposes
the Sutherland Operating Partnership will be the surviving partnership). The transaction will be accounted for as a reverse merger. 

On April 6, 2016, the Company,
Company Operating Partnership, the Advisor, Sutherland and certain subsidiaries of the Company entered into a termination agreement
(the  Termination Agreement ). Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, effective upon the closing of the Mergers, the
existing advisory agreement between the Company, the Advisor, Company Operating Partnership and the Company s subsidiaries
would be terminated and the Company would pay the Advisor a termination fee in the amount of $8,000,000. In the event that the
Sutherland Merger Agreement is terminated prior to the consummation of the Mergers, the Termination Agreement will automatically
terminate and be of no further effect. Such amount will be recognized by the Company upon closing of the Mergers. 

Additionally, on April
6, 2016, the Company, the Operating Partnership, certain subsidiaries of the Company, Sutherland, and Waterfall Asset Management,
LLC ( Waterfall ) entered into a management agreement, as amended as of May 9, 2016 (the  Sutherland Management
Agreement ), and the Company and Waterfall entered into a related Side-Letter Agreement (the  Side Letter Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Sutherland Management Agreement and the Side Letter Agreement, effective upon the closing of the Mergers, the Company
will retain Waterfall to provide investment advisory services to the Company on the terms and conditions set forth in the Sutherland
Management Agreement. In exchange for services provided, the Company will pay Waterfall a management fee and the Operating Partnership
will issue Waterfall a newly authorized special limited partnership unit entitling Waterfall to an incentive fee under the terms
of the Sutherland Management Agreement. The Sutherland Management Agreement has an initial term of three years, after which it
will renew automatically for additional one year terms. In the event that the Merger Agreement is terminated prior to the consummation
of the Mergers, the Sutherland Management Agreement and the Side Letter Agreement will automatically terminate and be of no further
effect. 

On September 12, 2016 the
Company and Sutherland announced the final exchange ratio in accordance with the terms of the Sutherland Merger Agreement. If the
Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Sutherland Merger Agreement are completed, Sutherland s common
stockholders will receive 0.8356 newly issued shares of the combined company s common stock for each share of Sutherland
common stock held immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, and holders of operating partnership units of the Sutherland
Operating Partnership will receive 0.8356 operating partnership units in the surviving partnership for each limited partnership
interest held immediately prior to the effective time of the merger. 

On September 27, 2016,
the Company and Sutherland announced that they had each received the necessary stockholder approvals to complete the Mergers. At
separate special meetings of the stockholders of the Company and Sutherland, the Company s stockholders voted in favor of
the proposal to issue shares to Sutherland stockholders in connection with the Mergers, and the Sutherland stockholders voted in
favor of the proposal to approve the Merger of Sutherland with and into Merger Sub. Assuming all conditions to closing the Mergers
have been satisfied, the Mergers are expected to close on or after October 31, 2016. 

Additionally, on September
27, 2016, the Company commenced a tender offer to purchase up to 4,185,497 shares of the Company s common stock, par value
$0.0001, at a price of $15.37 per share (the  Tender Offer ). The tender offer price is equal to 95% of a further adjusted
per share value, which is calculated by reducing the Company s Adjusted Book Value by the Company s pro-rata share
of (i) the $8,000,000 contractual termination payment to the Advisor, (ii) $4,064,000 related to the remaining recorded
value of intangible assets relating to GMFS, and (iii) $297,400 of expenses and reserves associated with certain litigation
relating to the Mergers, with such price per share rounded to the nearest whole cent. The Company s pro rata share of these
amounts was determined by multiplying the sum of the items in (i)-(iii) above, by the quotient obtained by dividing the number
of issued and outstanding shares of Company common stock (without regard for the effects of the Tender Offer), calculated on a
fully diluted basis, by the sum of the number of issued and outstanding shares of Company common stock (without regard for the
effects of the offer), plus the number of shares of Company common stock expected to be issued in the Sutherland Merger, both calculated
on a fully diluted basis. The Tender Offer period will expire at 12:00 midnight, Eastern Time, at the end of October 25, 2016 (the
 Tender Offer Expiration Date ). 

The decision to enter the
Sutherland Merger Agreement resulted from a strategic review of the Company which began during the fourth quarter of 2015. As a
result of that review, in order to reduce market risk in its investment portfolio, prior to entering into the Sutherland Merger
Agreement, the Company had begun the process of selling its seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans from its residential mortgage
investments segment. The Sutherland Merger Agreement required the Company to complete the sale of its seasoned, re-performing mortgage
loans as a condition to closing of the Mergers. The sale of the mortgage loans, which also included real estate owned ( REO ),
was completed on May 26, 2016. These mortgage loan sales resulted in a reduction of the Company s investment income (see
Note 5   Mortgage Loans Held for Investment, at Fair Value and Held for Sale Previously Held for Investment, at Fair Value
   Distressed and re-performing loans at the time of purchase ). Additionally, as part of the strategic review,
the Company had made the decision to cease the purchase of newly originated residential mortgage loans as part of its mortgage
conduit purchase program and is in the process of terminating contracts and surrendering governmental licenses relating to the
Company s mortgage conduit business. The Sutherland Merger Agreement requires the Company to complete this process of terminating
contracts and surrendering governmental licenses. 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) as contained
within the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) and the
rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim reporting. In the opinion of
management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair statement of the Company's financial position, results of operations
and cash flows have been included and are of a normal and recurring nature. The operating results presented for the interim periods
are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any other interim period or for the entire year. Certain
information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP as contained in
the ASC have been condensed or omitted from the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements according to the SEC rules
and regulations. The information and disclosures contained in the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and notes
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The Company operates in two business segments:
residential mortgage investments and residential mortgage banking. 

The Company does not have
any other  Other Comprehensive Income  items other than those reported in its condensed consolidated statements of
operations. 

Estimates   

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may ultimately differ from those
estimates. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company, the Operating Partnership, all of the wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating
Partnership, including its taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRS Entities ), and a joint venture in which GMFS has a controlling
financial interest. All intercompany balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The Company, which serves
as the sole general partner of and conducts substantially all of its business through the Operating Partnership, held approximately
99.3% and 89.6% of the operating partnership units ( OP Units ) in the Operating Partnership at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. The Operating Partnership in turn holds directly or indirectly all of the equity interests
in its subsidiaries. 

Changes in the Company's
ownership interest (and transactions with non-controlling interests in its consolidated subsidiaries) while the Company retains
its controlling interest in the subsidiaries, are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amount of the non-controlling
interest is adjusted to reflect the change in its ownership interest in the subsidiaries, with the offset to equity attributable
to the Company. 

Variable Interest Entities   

In February 2015, the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-02,  Consolidation: Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis 
( ASU 2015-02 ). ASU 2015-02 makes changes to both the variable interest model and the voting model. The Company adopted
ASU 2015-02 on January 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

A variable interest entity
( VIE ) is an entity that lacks one or more of the characteristics of a voting interest entity. The Company evaluates
each of its investments to determine whether it is a VIE based on: (1) the sufficiency of the entity's equity investment at
risk to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support provided by any parties, including the equity
holders; (2) whether as a group the holders of the equity investment at risk have (a) the power, through voting rights
or similar rights, to direct the activities of a legal entity that most significantly impacts the entity's economic performance,
(b) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the legal entity or the right to receive the expected residual returns
of the legal entity; and (3) whether the voting rights of these investors are proportional to their obligations to absorb
the expected losses of the entity, their rights to receive the expected returns of their equity, or both, and whether substantially
all of the entity's activities involve or are conducted on behalf of an investor that has disproportionately fewer voting rights.
An investment that lacks one or more of the above three characteristics is considered to be a VIE. The Company reassesses its initial
evaluation of an entity as a VIE upon the occurrence of certain reconsideration events. 

A VIE is subject to consolidation
if the equity investors either do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional
subordinated financial support, are unable to direct the entity's activities, or are not exposed to the entity's losses or entitled
to its residual returns. VIEs are required to be consolidated by their primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is
determined to be the party that has both the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic
performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive
benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. This determination can sometimes involve complex and subjective
analyses. 

The Company's mortgage
loans held for sale are sold predominantly to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which are government sponsored enterprises ( GSEs 
or  Agencies ). The Company also issues Ginnie Mae securities by pooling eligible loans through a pool custodian and
assigning rights to the loans to Ginnie Mae. Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae provide credit enhancement of the loans through
certain guarantee provisions. The Company also purchases RMBS from securitization trusts or similar vehicles. These securitizations
involve VIEs as the trusts or similar vehicles, by design, have the characteristics of a VIE. 

The Company has evaluated its interests in its
real estate investment securities and its interests in the securitizations discussed in the preceding paragraph to determine if
each represents a variable interest in a VIE. The Company monitors these investments and its investment in the securities and analyzes
them for potential consolidation. The Company determined that it was not the primary beneficiary of the VIEs and therefore none
of the VIEs were consolidated at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. The maximum exposure of the Company to VIEs is limited
to the fair value of its investments in real estate securities and MSRs as disclosed in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers highly liquid short-term
interest bearing instruments with original maturities of three months or less and other instruments readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016 includes U.S. Treasury bills ( Treasury Securities )
with a carrying amount of $69,993,637. The Company did not have any Treasury Securities at December 31, 2015. 

Mortgage Loans Held for Sale Previously
Held for Investment   

Mortgage loans which the
Company has decided it no longer intends to hold for the foreseeable future are reclassified from mortgage loans held for investment
to mortgage loans held for sale previously held for investment.  These mortgage loans were reported at fair value when held
for investment and held for sale. 

The Company decided during
the three months ended March 31, 2016 that it no longer intended to hold its seasoned, re-performing mortgage loan portfolio for
the foreseeable future and, as such, reclassified mortgage loans with a fair value of $368,956,195 from held for investment to
held for sale previously held for investment. These loans were sold on May 26, 2016.  

Other Investment Securities   

The Company held Freddie
Mac Structured Agency Credit Risk Notes ( FMRT Notes ) and Fannie Mae's Risk Transfer Notes ( FNRT Notes )
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.
(the FMRT Notes and the FNRT Notes are collectively referred to as the  Other Investment Securities ). The Other Investment
Securities represent unsecured general obligations of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and are structured to be subject to the performance
of a certain pool of residential mortgage loans. 

Income Taxes   

The Company has elected
to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), commencing with its taxable year
ended December 31, 2011. The Company was organized and has operated and intends to continue to operate in a manner that will
enable it to qualify to be taxed as a REIT. To qualify as a REIT, the Company must meet certain organizational and operational
requirements, including a requirement to distribute at least 90% of the Company's annual REIT taxable income to its stockholders
(which is computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction or net capital gains and which does not necessarily equal net
income as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP). As long as the Company qualifies as a REIT, the Company generally will not
be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on its taxable income to the extent it annually distributes its net taxable income to stockholders
and does not engage in prohibited transactions. The majority of states also recognize the Company's REIT status. If the Company
fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, it will be subject to federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate
income tax rates and generally will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for the
four taxable years following the year during which qualification is lost unless the Internal Revenue Service grants the Company
relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect the Company's net income under U.S.
GAAP and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, it is assumed that the Company will retain its REIT status
and will incur no REIT level taxation as it intends to comply with the REIT regulations and annual distribution requirements. 

The Company has separately
made joint elections with three of its subsidiaries, ZFC Funding Inc., ZFC Trust TRS I, LLC and ZFC Honeybee TRS, LLC, to treat
such subsidiaries as TRS Entities. The Company may perform certain activities through these TRS entities that could adversely impact
the Company's REIT qualification if performed other than through a TRS entity. The Company's TRS entities file separate tax returns
and are taxed as standalone U.S. C-Corporations irrespective of the dividends-paid deduction available to REITs for federal income
tax purposes. 

The Company assesses its
tax positions for all open tax years and records tax benefits only if tax positions meet a more-likely-than-not threshold in accordance
with U.S. GAAP for guidance on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ). The objective
of the guidance is to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue. ASU 2014-09 supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance,
including industry-specific guidance, and also enhances disclosure requirements around revenue recognition and the related cash
flows. The guidance is to be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented or through a cumulative adjustment in the year
of adoption, for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of adopting this new standard.  

In
March 2016, the FASB published ASU No. 2016-08  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606). The amendments
in this update are intended to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation guidance on principal versus
agent considerations. The amendments in this update affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09 which is not yet effective. The effective
date for this update is the same as for ASU 2015-14  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) which defers the effective
date of ASU 2014-09 by one year resulting in the effective date being fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
beginning after December 15, 2017. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting
this new standard.  

In April 2016, the FASB
published ASU No. 2016-10  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606). The amendments in this update are intended
to clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance,
while retaining the related principles for those areas. The amendments in this update affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09 which
is not yet effective. The effective date for this update is the same as for ASU 2015-14 which defers the effective date of ASU
2014-09 by one year resulting in the effective date being fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2017. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this
new standard. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-04) Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ), which requires management to evaluate whether there are
conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. If conditions or events indicate it is probable that
an entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the financial statements are issued,
the update requires additional disclosures. The update is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2016 with early
adoption permitted. Adoption of ASU 2014-15 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
 Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 
( ASU 2016-01 ). 'The amendments in ASU 2016-01, among other things: (i) requires equity investments (except those
accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair
value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; (ii) requires public business entities to use the exit price notion
when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; (iii) requires separate presentation of financial
assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e., securities or loans and receivables)
and (iii) eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to
estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost. ASU 2016-01 is effective
for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The
new guidance permits early adoption of the own credit provision. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this
new standard. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ).
This Accounting Standards Update addresses the following eight specific cash flow issues: Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment
costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in
relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination;
proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies (COLIs)
(including bank-owned life insurance policies (BOLIs)); distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests
in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. ASU 2016-15
is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those
fiscal years. Early application is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. Adoption of ASU 2016-15 is not expected
to have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

3. Acquisition of GMFS  

The following relates to
the acquisition of GMFS in October 2014 pursuant to the terms of the agreement and plan of merger dated August 5, 2014 (the  GMFS
Merger Agreement ): 

Contingent Consideration  

In addition to cash paid
at closing for the acquisition of GMFS, two contingent $1 million deferred premium payments are payable in cash over two years,
plus potential additional consideration based on future loan production and profits are payable over a four-year period if certain
conditions are met (the  Production and Profitability Earn-Out ). The $2 million of deferred premium payments
is contingent on GMFS remaining profitable and retaining certain key employees. The Production and Profitability Earn-Out are dependent
on GMFS achieving certain profitability and loan production goals and is capped at $20 million. Up to 50% of the Production
and Profitability Earn-Out may be paid in common stock of the Company, at the Company's option. 

Contingent consideration
represents the estimated present value of the deferred premiums and Production and Profitability Earn-Out. Contingent consideration
was estimated at closing based on future production and earnings projections of GMFS over the four year earn-out period and is
re-measured to fair value at each reporting date until the contingency is resolved. The changes in fair value are recognized in
earnings. The final consideration paid could be materially different from the estimate and the difference will be recorded through
earnings in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company recorded the following changes in the contingent consideration
liability: 

The increase in the estimated
liability for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 resulted from production and profitability
that was above the projections at the time of acquisition and the impact of the passage of time. The change in the contingent consideration
liability is included in operating expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

The Company has delayed
the first year installment payment of the contingent consideration pursuant to the indemnification provisions in the GMFS Merger
Agreement (see Note 22   Commitment and Contingencies). 

Goodwill  

Goodwill, with a carrying
amount of $14,183,537 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value
of the net assets acquired and has been allocated to the Company s residential mortgage banking segment. 

The changes in the carrying
amount of the goodwill during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

Goodwill is not amortized
but is tested for impairment on the anniversary date of the acquisition or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that a potential impairment may have occurred. No impairment losses relating to goodwill were recorded for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

Intangible Assets  

The following table presents
information about the intangible assets acquired by the Company: 

Estimated Fair   
  Value   

Estimated Useful   
  Life    
 
      Trade name  
       
      $  
      2.0 million  

10 years   
 
      Customer relationships  

1.3 million  

10 years   
 
      Licenses  

1.0 million  

3 years   
 
      Favorable lease  

1.5 million  

12 years   
 
       Total Intangible assets   
       
       $   
       5.8 million   

Amortization expense related
to the intangible assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was as follows: 

Such amounts are recorded
as other expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, accumulated amortization is as follows: 

Amortization expense related
to the intangible assets for the period October 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016 and for the five years subsequent to December 31,
2016 will be as follows: 

No impairment losses relating
to intangible assets were recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

4. Fair Value  

Fair Value Measurement  

The Company has elected
the Fair Value Option for its mortgage loans held for investment, real estate securities, Other Investment Securities and the related
derivative instruments. The Company s current intentions are to generally hold these investments and related derivatives
to generate interest income, however the Company has and may continue to sell certain of these investments as part of its overall
investment strategy. 

The Company has also elected
the Fair Value Option for its mortgage loans held for sale and MSRs in its residential mortgage banking segments. The Company s
mortgage banking operations include originating and selling residential mortgage loans, some of which will be sold servicing retained. 

The Company s management
believes that reporting these instruments at their fair value better represents the Company s financial position than historical
cost. 

Financial assets and liabilities
recorded at fair value on a recurring basis are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement. 

The following tables present the Company s
financial instruments that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 by
level within the fair value hierarchy: 

September 30, 2016  

December 31, 2015  

The following table presents
additional information about the Company s financial instruments which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for
which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value: 

Mortgage Loans Held for Investment and Held
for Sale Previously Held for Investment, Real Estate Securities and Other Investment Securities  

Derivative Instruments  

MSRs  

See Note 8  
 Mortgage Servicing Rights, at Fair Value  for additional information about the Company's MSRs. 

Contingent Consideration  

See Note 3  
 Acquisition of GMFS  for additional information about the Company's contingent consideration. 

There were no financial
assets or liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at September 30, 2016 or December 31,
2015. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, mortgage loans held for investment were
transferred out of Level 3 when the properties were foreclosed and were classified as REO. There were no other transfers into
or out of Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 or September 30,
2015. 

The following tables present
quantitative information about the Company's assets which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Company
has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value: 

Derivative Financial Instruments  

The Company estimates the
fair value of interest rate lock commitments ( IRLC ) based on quoted Agency MBS prices, the expected net future cash
flows related to servicing the mortgage loan, adjusted for: (i) estimated costs to complete and originate the loan and (ii) an
adjustment to reflect the estimated percentage of IRLCs that will result in a closed mortgage loan under the original terms of
the agreement (or  pullthrough rate ). The Company categorizes IRLCs as a  Level 3  financial statement
item. 

The significant unobservable
inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company's IRLCs are the pull-through rate and the expected net future cash flows
related to servicing the MSRs component of the Company's estimate of the value of the mortgage loans it has committed to purchase.
Significant changes in the pull-through rate and expected net future cash flows related to servicing the MSR component of the IRLCs,
in isolation, may result in a significant change in fair value. The financial effects of changes in these assumptions are generally
inversely correlated as increasing interest rates have a positive effect on the fair value of the MSR component of IRLC value,
but increase the pull-through rate for loans that have decreased in fair value.  

The following is a quantitative
summary of key unobservable inputs used in the valuation of IRLCs at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The fair value measurements
of these assets are sensitive to changes in assumptions regarding prepayment, probability of default, loss severity in the event
of default, forecasts of home prices, and significant activity or developments in the real estate market. Significant changes in
any of those inputs in isolation may result in significantly higher or lower fair value measurements. Generally, an increase in
the probability of default and loss severity in the event of default would result in a lower fair value measurement. A decrease
in these assumptions would have the opposite effect. Conversely, an assumption that the home prices will increase would result
in a higher fair value measurement. A decrease in the assumption for home prices would have the opposite effect. 

Fair Value Option  

Changes in fair value for
assets and liabilities for which the fair value option was elected are recognized in earnings as they occur. The fair value option
may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis at initial recognition of an asset or liability or upon an event that gives
rise to a new basis of accounting for that instrument. 

The following table presents the difference
between the fair value and the aggregate unpaid principal amount and/or notional balance of assets for which the fair value option
was elected at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

(1)   
      At September 30, 2016, the balance is comprised of loans that were newly originated at the time of purchase. At December 31, 2015, the balance is comprised of loans that were (i) distressed and re-performing at the time of purchase and (ii) newly originated at the time of purchase.   

(2)   
      Real estate securities includes an interest only security with a notional balance of $24.5 million and $35.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.   

(3)   
      Amounts not presented. Unpaid principal balance of MSRs is generally significantly greater than their fair value.   

Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments  

In addition to the above
disclosures regarding assets or liabilities which are recorded at fair value, U.S. GAAP requires disclosure about the fair value
of all other financial instruments. Estimated fair value of financial instruments was determined by the Company using available
market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop
estimated fair values. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on estimated
fair values. 

The following table summarizes
the estimated fair value and carrying value for all other financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

Cash and cash equivalents
include cash on hand and Treasury Securities for which fair value equals carrying value. Restricted cash represents the Company's
cash held by counterparties as collateral against the Company's derivatives, loan repurchase facilities and securities repurchase
agreements. Due to the short-term nature of the restrictions, fair value approximates carrying value. The Company considers the
estimated fair value of its cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash to be a Level 1 measurement. The aggregate fair
value of the mortgage loans held for investment, at cost is determined, where possible using secondary-market prices. If no such
quoted price exists, the fair value of a loan is determined using quoted prices for a similar asset or assets, adjusted for the
specific attributes of that loan. Accordingly, mortgage loans held for investment, at cost are classified as Level 2 in the
fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the Company's warehouse lines of credit and repurchase agreements related to the GMFS mortgage
banking platform, treasury securities repurchase agreements, loan repurchase facilities and securities repurchase agreements is
based on an expected present value technique using observable market interest rates. This method discounts future estimated cash
flows using rates the Company determined best reflect current market interest rates that would be offered for loans with similar
characteristics and credit quality. Due to the short term nature of the maturities of these instruments the fair value estimated
their carrying value. The Company considers the estimated fair value to be a Level 2 measurement. The fair value of the Exchangeable
Senior Notes (see Note 13 - 8.0% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2016) is based on observable market prices. The Company considers
the estimated fair value to be a Level 2 measurement. 

5. Mortgage Loans Held for Investment, at
Fair Value and Held for Sale Previously Held for Investment, at Fair Value  

Distressed and re-performing loans at the
time of purchase  

The Company did not acquire
any mortgage loans held for investment which showed evidence of credit deterioration at the time of purchase during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

Sale of Mortgage Loans  

During the three months
ended March 31, 2016, the Company decided it no longer intended to hold its seasoned and re-performing mortgage loan portfolio
which were held as loans held for investment, at fair value at December 31, 2015 for the foreseeable future and reclassified this
portfolio to Mortgage loans held for sale previously held for investment, at fair value.   

On May 26, 2016, the Company
entered into a contract providing for and completed the sale of its seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans and REO, with an unpaid
principal balance of $430.7 million, including $27.0 million of non-interest bearing unpaid principal balance which had a carrying
value of zero in the Company s consolidated balance sheets at March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The sale price was determined
as a sum of (i) a percentage of the unpaid principal balance of the loans sold, (ii) accrued interest and (iii) outstanding, recoverable
servicing advances. 

The Company used $267.2 million of the
proceeds from the sale to repay the outstanding balance under its master repurchase agreement dated May 30, 2013 with Citibank
N.A. (the  Citi Loan Repurchase Facility ), which was used to finance the purchase of such loans (see Note 11  
Loan Repurchase Facilities). 

Additionally, the Company
received $747,083 relating to outstanding, recoverable servicing advances which were included in other assets in the consolidated
balance sheets. 

The following tables present
additional information about the sale of the Company s mortgage loans held for sale previously held for investment and REO
which occurred on May 26, 2016: 

The realized gain (loss)
on sale and reversal of previously recognized change in unrealized gain or loss are included in (i) realized gain on mortgage loans
held for investment and held for sale previously held for investment and realized gain on REO and (ii) change in unrealized gain
or loss on mortgage loans held for investment and held for sale previously held for investment and change in unrealized gain or
loss on REO, respectively, in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

The following table presents
certain information regarding the Company's mortgage loans at December 31, 2015 which showed evidence of credit deterioration
at the time of purchase: 

Mortgage Loans Held for Investment  

The Company did not have
any mortgage loans held for investment at September 30, 2016. 

The following tables present
certain information regarding the Company's mortgage loans held for investment, at fair value, at December 31, 2015 which
showed evidence of credit deterioration at the time of purchase: 

(1)     The
Company had elected the fair value option pursuant to ASC 825 for these mortgage loans held for investment. The change in unrealized
gain or loss related to these mortgage loans are recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

(2)     Loans
that were delinquent for 60 days or more are considered non-performing.  

Changes
in Unrealized Gains and Losses  

During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company recorded the following changes in unrealized
gain or loss relating to the mortgage loans held for investment and held for sale previously held for investment: 

Accretable Yield  

The following table presents
the change in accretable yield for the Company's mortgages held for investment which had shown evidence of credit deterioration
since origination at the time of purchase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

Newly originated loans at the time of purchase  

During the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company's acquisition of mortgage loans held for investment which were
newly originated at the time of purchase was as follows: 

The following tables present
certain information regarding the Company's mortgage loans held for investment, at fair value, at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 which were newly originated at the time of purchase and sourced through the Company s loan purchase program: 

September 30, 2016  

December 31, 2015  

(1)    The
Company has elected the fair value option pursuant to ASC 825 for these mortgage loans held for investment. The Company recorded
the following as change in unrealized gain or loss on mortgage loans held for investment and held for sale previously held for
investment in the condensed consolidated statements of operations:  

Concentrations  

The Company's mortgage
loans held for investment, at fair value consists of mortgage loans on residential real estate located throughout the United States.
The following is a summary of certain concentrations of credit risk in the mortgage loan portfolio at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015: 

(1)  State did not represent more than 10% of the fair
value as of the balance sheet date. 

  (2)  State did not represent more than 5% of the fair
value as of the balance sheet date. 

The range of interest rates and contractual
maturities of the Company's mortgage loans held for investment at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows: 

REO  

Additional information
about the Company s REO assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are as follows: 

September 30,  2016       
     December 31,   2015     
 
     Net realizable value (included in other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets)    
     $          
     $  1,784,670     
 
     Carrying amount of mortgage loans held for investment, at fair value secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdiction    
                
        5,597,611     

6. Mortgage Loans Held for Sale, at Fair Value  

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company's mortgage loans held for sale activity was as follows: 

Gain on sale, net, includes (i) gains and losses
from the sale of mortgage loans held for sale and are recognized based upon the difference between the sales proceeds and carrying
value of the related loans upon sale and (ii) the unrealized gains and losses associated with the mortgage loans held for sale. 

Mortgage loans held for
sale, at fair value at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

7. Real Estate Securities and Other Investment
Securities, at Fair Value  

The Company's non-Agency
RMBS portfolio is not issued or guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or any other U.S. Government agency or a federally chartered
corporation and is therefore subject to additional credit risks. 

The following tables present
certain information regarding the Company's non-Agency RMBS and Other Investment Securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015: 

September 30, 2016  

(1)    See
Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    Other Investment Securities .  

(2)    The
Company has elected the fair value option pursuant to ASC 825 for real estate securities. The Company recorded the changes in
unrealized gain or loss in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

The following tables present
additional information regarding the Company's non-Agency RMBS and Other Investment Securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015: 

Actual maturities are generally
shorter than stated contractual maturities. Maturities are affected by the contractual lives of the associated mortgage collateral,
periodic payments of principal, prepayments of principal and credit losses. 

All real estate securities
and Other Investment Securities held by the Company at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were issued by issuers based
in the United States. 

The Company did not have
any realized losses on real estate securities relating to other than temporary impairments for the three or nine months ended September
30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

8. Mortgage Servicing Rights, at Fair Value  

The Company's MSRs consist
of conforming conventional loans sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac or loans securitized in Ginnie Mae securities. Similarly, the
government loans serviced by the Company are securitized through Ginnie Mae, whereby the Company is insured against loss by the
Federal Housing Administration or partially guaranteed against loss by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 

The MSRs activity for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 is as follows: 

(1)     Included
in change in fair value of MSRs in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

(2)     Primarily
reflects changes in values of prepayment assumptions due to changes in interest rates.  

(3)     Represents
change in value primarily due to passage of time, including the impact from both regularly scheduled loan principal payments and
loans that were paid off or paid down during the period.  

The Company's MSR portfolio at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

The following is a quantitative
summary of key input assumptions and their related impact on the estimated fair value of the MSRs from adverse changes in those
assumptions (weighted averages are based upon unpaid principal balance) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

(1)     Prepayment
speed is measured using Constant Prepayment Rates ( CPR ).  

The Company contracts with
licensed sub-servicers to perform all servicing functions for the loans related to the MSR s. The following table presents
the loan servicing fee income, net of direct costs, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

9. Warehouse Lines of Credit  

At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Company had two warehouse lines of credit and two master repurchase agreements, each with different
lenders, which provide financing for the Company's origination of mortgage loans held for sale in its residential mortgage banking
segment. 

The warehouse lines of
credit and repurchase agreements bear interest at a rate that has historically moved in close relationship to LIBOR. The agreements
contain covenants that include certain financial requirements, including maintenance of minimum liquidity, minimum tangible net
worth, maximum debt to net worth ratio and current ratio and limitations on capital expenditures, indebtedness, distributions,
transactions with affiliates and maintenance of positive net income, as defined in the agreements. The Company was in compliance
with all significant debt covenants at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

The following tables present
certain information regarding the Company's warehouse lines of credit and repurchase agreements in its residential mortgage banking
segment at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

These obligations are secured
by mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value and also fully guaranteed by the Company. The Company expects to renew the warehouse
lines of credit at similar terms in the ordinary course of business as the facilities mature. 

10. Treasury Securities and Treasury Securities
Repurchase Agreements  

The Company purchased Treasury
Securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The following table presents certain information regarding the Company s
non-interest bearing Treasury Securities at September 30, 2016: 

The Treasury Securities
are non-interest bearing. The Company did not have any Treasury Securities at December 31, 2015. 

In connection with the
purchase of these securities, the Company has two repurchase agreements with one counterparty. The following table presents certain
information regarding the Company s treasury securities repurchase agreements at September 30, 2016: 

The Company did not have
any treasury securities repurchase agreements at December 31, 2015. 

11. Loan Repurchase Facilities  

In connection with the
sale of its seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans on May 26, 2016, the Company repaid the outstanding balance under and terminated
the Citi Loan Repurchase Facility which had been used to finance the purchase of such loans (see Note 5   Mortgage Loans
Held for Investment, at Fair Value and held for Sale Previously Held for Investment, at Fair Value). 

At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Company had the following outstanding master repurchase agreements with Credit Suisse First Boston
Mortgage Capital LLC (the  Credit Suisse Loan Repurchase Facility ) and the Citi Loan Repurchase Facility (collectively,
the  Loan Repurchase Facilities ) used to fund the purchase of mortgage loans held for investment in its residential
mortgage investments segment: 

On September 30, 2016 the terms of the Credit
Suisse Loan Repurchase Facility were amended to extend the maturity date to November 11, 2016 and reduce the total facility size
from $36.0 million to $15.0 million. Additionally, the Company no longer has any amounts committed by the lender under the agreement.
In connection with the amendment the Company paid down the unpaid principal balance to $15.0 million. 

Each of the Loan Repurchase
Facilities is or was collateralized by the underlying mortgages and related documents and instruments in the residential mortgage
investments segment and the obligations are fully guaranteed by the Company. 

Under the Loan Repurchase Facilities,
the Company may sell, and later repurchase trust certificates representing interests in residential mortgage loans (the  Trust
Certificates ). The principal amount paid by the lenders under these facilities for the Trust Certificates, which represent
interests in residential mortgage loans, is or was based on (i) in the case of the Citi Loan Repurchase Facility, a percentage
of the lesser of the market value and the unpaid principal balance of such mortgage loans backing the Trust Certificates and (ii) in
the case of the Credit Suisse Loan Repurchase Facility, a percentage of the lesser of the market value, the unpaid principal balance
and the acquisition price of such mortgage loans backing the Trust Certificates. Upon the Company's repurchase of a Trust Certificate
sold to the lenders under these facilities, the Company is or was required to repay the lenders a repurchase amount based on the
purchase price plus accrued interest. The Company is or was also required to pay the lenders a commitment fee pursuant to each
of these facilities, as well as certain other administrative costs and expenses in connection with the lenders' structuring, management
and ongoing administration of these facilities. The commitment fees are included in interest expense in the condensed consolidated
statements of operations. 

The Company pledges cash
and certain of its Trust Certificates as collateral under the Loan Repurchase Facilities. The amounts available to be borrowed
are dependent upon the fair value of the Trust Certificates pledged as collateral, which fluctuates with changes in interest rates,
type of underlying mortgage loans and liquidity conditions within the banking, mortgage finance and real estate industries. In
response to declines in the fair value of pledged Trust Certificates, the lenders may require the Company to post additional collateral
or pay down borrowings to re-establish agreed upon collateral requirements, referred to as margin calls. At September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company has met all
margin call requirements related to any outstanding balances under its Loan Repurchase Facilities. 

The following table presents information with
respect to the Company's posting of collateral under its Loan Repurchase Facilities at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015: 

The agreements contain
covenants that include certain financial requirements, including maintenance of minimum liquidity, minimum tangible net worth and
maximum debt to net worth ratio, as defined in the agreements. The Company was in compliance with all significant debt covenants
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.  

12. Securities Repurchase Agreements  

Securities repurchase agreements
related to real estate securities and Other Investment Securities involve the sale and a simultaneous agreement to repurchase the
transferred assets or similar assets at a future date. The amount borrowed generally is equal to the fair value of the assets pledged
less an agreed-upon discount, referred to as a  haircut.  Repurchase agreements related to real estate securities and
Other Investment Securities entered into by the Company are accounted for as financings and require the repurchase of the transferred
securities at the end of each arrangement's term, typically 30 to 90 days. The Company maintains the beneficial interest in
the specific securities pledged during the term of the repurchase arrangement and receives the related principal and interest payments.
Interest rates on these borrowings are fixed based on prevailing rates corresponding to the terms of the borrowings, and interest
is paid at the termination of the repurchase arrangement at which time the Company may enter into a new repurchase arrangement
at prevailing market rates with the same counterparty or repay that counterparty and negotiate financing with a different counterparty.
In response to declines in the fair value of pledged securities due to changes in market conditions or the publishing of monthly
security paydown factors, the lender requires the Company to post additional securities as collateral, pay down borrowings or establish
cash margin accounts with the counterparty in order to re-establish the agreed-upon collateral requirements, referred to as margin
calls. Under the terms of the Company's master repurchase agreements related to real estate securities and Other Investment Securities,
the counterparty may sell or re-hypothecate the pledged collateral. 

The Company has master
repurchase agreements with four financial institutions at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Although securities repurchase
agreements are committed borrowings until maturity, the lender retains the right to mark the underlying collateral to fair value.
A reduction in the fair value of pledged assets would require the Company to provide additional collateral or cash to fund margin
calls. 

The Company pledges cash
and certain of its non-Agency RMBS and Other Investment Securities as collateral under these securities repurchase agreements.
The amounts available to be borrowed are dependent upon the fair value of the RMBS and Other Investment Securities pledged as collateral,
which fluctuates with changes in interest rates, type of securities and liquidity conditions within the banking, mortgage finance
and real estate industries. In response to declines in the fair value of pledged RMBS and Other Investment Securities, the lenders
may require the Company to post additional collateral or pay down borrowings to re-establish agreed upon collateral requirements,
referred to as margin calls. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company has met all margin call requirements under its securities repurchase agreements. 

The following table presents information with
respect to the Company's posting of collateral under its securities repurchase agreements at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015: 

13. 8.0% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2016  

On November 25, 2013,
the Operating Partnership issued the Exchangeable Senior Notes with a stated rate of 8.0% and an aggregate principal amount of
$57.5 million (the  Exchangeable Senior Notes ). The Exchangeable Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture,
dated November 25, 2013 (the  Indenture ), between the Company, as guarantor, the Operating Partnership and U.S.
Bank National Association, as trustee. The sale of the Exchangeable Senior Notes generated net proceeds of approximately $55.3 million.
Aggregate estimated offering expenses in connection with the transaction, including the initial purchasers' discount of approximately
$1.7 million, were approximately $2.2 million. 

The Exchangeable Senior
Notes are the Company's senior unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to the Company's existing and future indebtedness
that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Exchangeable Senior Notes; equal in right of payment to the Company's
existing and future unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Company's
secured indebtedness (including existing unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the
assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred
by the Company's subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 

The Exchangeable Senior
Notes are exchangeable for shares of the Company's common stock or, to the extent necessary to satisfy New York Stock Exchange
( NYSE ) listing requirements, cash, at the applicable exchange rate at any time prior to the close of business on
the scheduled trading day prior to November 15, 2016 (the  Maturity Date ). The Company may not elect to issue shares
of common stock upon exchange of the Exchangeable Senior Notes to the extent such election would result in the issuance of 20%
or more of the common stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of the Exchangeable Senior Notes (or 1,779,560 or more
shares). 

As a result of the NYSE
related limitation on the use of share-settlement for the full conversion option, the embedded conversion option does not qualify
for equity classification and instead is separately valued and accounted for as a derivative liability. The initial value allocated
to the derivative liability was $1.3 million, which represents a discount to the debt to be amortized through interest expense
using the effective interest method through the Maturity Date. During each reporting period, the conversion option derivative liability
is marked to fair value through earnings. 

The exchange rate was initially
52.5417 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Exchangeable Senior Notes (equivalent to an initial exchange
price of approximately $19.03 per share of common stock). The exchange rate will be subject to adjustment for certain events, including
for regular quarterly dividends in excess of $0.50 per share, but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In
addition, if certain corporate events occur prior to the Maturity Date, the exchange rate will be increased but will in no event
exceed 60.4229 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Exchangeable Senior Notes. The exchange rate was adjusted
on December 27, 2013 to 54.3103 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Exchangeable Senior Notes pursuant
to the Company's special dividend of $0.55 per share of common stock and OP Unit declared on December 19, 2013. The exchange
rate will be adjusted at the close of business on the 10th trading day immediately following, and including, the trading day next
succeeding Tender Offer Expiration Date if the Company makes a payment in respect of the Tender Offer to the extent that the cash
included in the payment per share of common stock exceeds the average of the last reported sale price of the common stock over
the 10 consecutive trading day period commencing on, and including, the trading day next succeeding the last date on which tenders
may be made pursuant to the Tender Offer. 

The Company does not have
the right to redeem the Exchangeable Senior Notes prior to the Maturity Date, except to the extent necessary to preserve its qualification
as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. No sinking fund is provided for the Exchangeable Senior Notes. In addition, if
the Company undergoes certain corporate events that constitute a  fundamental change,  the holders of the Exchangeable
Senior Notes may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of their Exchangeable Senior Notes at a repurchase price
equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Exchangeable Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to,
but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. If the Mergers do not close, the Company intends to settle the obligation
with its cash balances. 

The Exchangeable Senior
Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.0% per year, payable semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year,
beginning on May 15, 2014. The effective interest rate of the Exchangeable Senior Notes, which is equal to the stated rate
of 8.0% plus the amortization of the original issue discount and associated costs, is 10.2%. 

The following table presents
information with respect to the Exchangeable Senior Notes at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

14. Derivative Instruments  

The Company s derivative
instruments, by segment, are as follows: 

Residential Mortgage Investments Segment  

Interest Rate Swap Agreements  

To help mitigate exposure
to higher short-term interest rates, the Company uses currently-paying and forward-starting, three-month LIBOR-indexed, pay-fixed,
receive-variable, interest rate swap agreements. These swap agreements establish an economic fixed rate on related borrowings because
the variable-rate payments received on the interest rate swap agreements largely offset interest accruing on the related borrowings,
leaving the fixed-rate payments to be paid on the interest rate swap agreements as the Company's effective borrowing rate, subject
to certain adjustments including changes in spreads between variable rates on the interest rate swap agreements and actual borrowing
rates. 

The Company's interest
rate swap agreements have not been designated as hedging instruments. 

Loan Purchase Commitments ( LPCs )  

The Company entered into
LPCs as a means to help mitigate interest rate risk relating to its loan conduit program. The LPCs were pursuant to Master Loan
Purchase Agreements with approved, third party residential loan originators to purchase residential loans, which met the guidelines
established by the Company, at a future date. LPCs provided that loans acceptable to the Company were to be delivered if and when
they close and were subject to  pair off  fees if the loans were not delivered by the seller. The Company did not have
any LPCs outstanding at September 30, 2016. 

Residential Mortgage Banking Segment  

IRLCs  

The Company enters into
IRLCs to originate residential mortgage loans held for sale, at specified interest rates and within a specified period of time
(generally between 30 and 90 days), with customers who have applied for a loan and meet certain credit and underwriting criteria. 

MBS Forward Sales Contracts and TBA Securities  

The Company manages the
interest rate price risk associated with its outstanding IRLCs and mortgage loans held for sale by entering into derivative instruments
such as MBS forward sales contracts, some of which are TBA securities. The Company expects these derivatives will experience changes
in fair value opposite to changes in the fair value of the IRLCs and mortgage loans held for sale, thereby reducing earnings volatility.
The Company takes into account various factors and strategies in determining the portion of the IRLCs and mortgage loans held for
sale it wants to economically hedge. 

Other  

Conversion Option   Exchangeable Senior
Notes  

Changes in the fair value
of the conversion option derivative related to the Exchangeable Senior Notes are recorded through earnings. 

Derivative Instruments  

The following table
presents certain information related to derivative instruments held at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The notional amount is not representative
of the maximum exposure to the Company. 

The following table presents the
fair value of the Company's derivative instruments and their balance sheet location at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015:  

At September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, no credit valuation adjustment was made in determining the fair value of the interest rate swaps. 

The following table presents the gains and
(losses) related to Company's derivative instruments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

Interest Rate Swaps  

The following
table presents information about the Company's interest rate swap agreements at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

(1)   At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 all collateral provided under the interest rate swap agreements consisted
of cash collateral which is included in restricted cash in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.   

The Company's interest
rate swap agreements contain legally enforceable provisions that allow for netting or setting off of all individual interest rate
swap receivables and payables with each respective counterparty and, therefore, the fair value of those interest rate swap agreements
are netted (see Note 24   Offsetting Assets and Liabilities). The credit support annex provisions of the Company's interest
rate swap agreements allow the parties to mitigate their credit risk by requiring the party which is out of the money to post collateral. 

15. Mortgage Banking Activities  

The following table
presents the components of mortgage banking activities, net, recorded in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

(1)   Includes the change in fair value related to IRLCs and MBS forward sales contracts held during the period.   

16. Loan Indemnification Reserve  

A liability has been
established for potential losses related to representations and warranties made by GMFS for loans sold with a corresponding provision
recorded for loan indemnification losses. The liability is included in accounts payable and other liabilities in the Company's
consolidated balance sheets and the provision for loan indemnification losses is included in mortgage banking activities, net in
the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. In assessing the adequacy of the liability, management evaluates
various factors including historical repurchases and indemnifications, historical loss experience, known delinquent and other problem
loans, outstanding repurchase demand, historical rescission rates and economic trends and conditions in the industry. Actual losses
incurred are reflected as a reduction of the reserve liability. 

The activity for the
loan indemnification reserve for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 is as follows: 

Because of the
uncertainty in the various estimates underlying the loan indemnification reserve, there is a range of losses in excess of the recorded
loan indemnification reserve that is reasonably possible. The estimate of the range of possible losses for representations and
warranties does not represent a probable loss, and is based on current available information, significant judgment, and a number
of assumptions that are subject to change. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the reasonably possible loss above
the recorded loan indemnification reserve was not considered material. 

17. Income Taxes  

For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and the years ended December 31, 2011 through December 31, 2015, the Company qualified to be taxed
as a REIT under the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As long as the Company qualifies as a REIT, the Company generally
will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on its taxable income to the extent it annually distributes its net taxable income
to stockholders and does not engage in prohibited transactions. The majority of States also recognize the Company s REIT
status. 

The Company has separately
made joint elections with three of its subsidiaries, ZFC Funding, Inc., ZFC Trust TRS I, LLC and ZFC Honeybee TRS, LLC to treat
such subsidiaries as TRS entities. The Company s TRS entities file separate tax returns and are taxed as standalone C-Corporations
for U.S. income tax purposes. 

The Company recorded
an income tax expense (benefit) of $1,799,829 and $251,924 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively
and income tax (benefit) expense of $(250,491) and $2,503,896 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively,
solely related to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on activity in its ZFC Honeybee TRS, LLC subsidiary. 

The following is a reconciliation
of the statutory federal and state rates to the effective rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015: 

Reconciliation of Statutory Tax Rate
to Effective Tax Rate  

(1)  For all tax years, the Company s effective tax rate differs from its statutory tax rate due to the deduction for dividend
distributions required to be paid under Code section 857(a).   

(2)  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the change in valuation allowance relates to
the change in reserve related to net operating losses and other future deductible items for ZFC Trust TRS I, LLC and ZFC Funding,
Inc.   

(3)  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the amount primarily relates to non-deductible
meals and entertainment expenses.   

(4)  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the amount primarily relates to the change in
state income tax used to value deferred tax assets and liabilities of ZFC Honeybee TRS LLC.   

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company had a net deferred tax liability of $3,816,401 and $3,564,478, respectively, related to unrealized gains and other
temporary differences related to activity in the ZFC Honeybee TRS, LLC subsidiary. The change in the deferred tax liability during
the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 is primarily due to an increase in the fair value of the MSRs and derivative assets
offset by an increase in the net operating losses of ZFC Honeybee TRS, LLC in the Company s residential mortgage banking
segment. 

On September 30, 2016, ZFC Funding Inc.
made a liquidating distribution of its entire portfolio of residential loans and the corresponding liabilities to its sole stockholder,
the Operating Partnership. For tax purposes, ZFC Funding Inc. recognized capital gain related to the sale. ZFC Funding Inc. has
maintained a full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets related to net operating losses of the company as it does not have
any income producing assets or operations left after this distribution. 

18. Earnings Per Share  

The following table
presents a reconciliation of the earnings and shares used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share: 

For purposes of computing diluted earnings
per share, the Company assumes the conversion of OP Units and the Exchangeable Senior Notes to shares of common stock unless the
effect is anti-dilutive. The dilutive effect of OP Units, if any, is computed assuming all units are converted to common stock.
The dilutive effect of the Exchangeable Senior Notes, if any, is computed assuming shares converted are limited to 1,779,560 pursuant
to NYSE restrictions. 

19. Related Party Transactions  

ZAIS REIT Management, LLC  

The Company is externally
managed and advised by the Advisor, a subsidiary of ZAIS. Subject to certain restrictions and limitations, the Advisor is responsible
for managing the Company's affairs on a day-to-day basis including, among other responsibilities, (i) the origination, selection,
purchase and sale of the Company's portfolio of assets, (ii) arranging the Company's financing activities and (iii) providing
the Company with advisory services. 

The Company pays to
its Advisor an advisory fee, calculated and payable quarterly in arrears, equal to 1.5% per annum of the Company's stockholders'
equity, as defined in the amended and restated investment advisory agreement between the Company and the Advisor, as amended from
time to time (the  Investment Advisory Agreement ). Prior to the Company's IPO, the advisory fee paid to the Advisor
was calculated based on the Company's net asset value, as set forth in the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Advisor may be paid
or reimbursed for the documented cost of its performing certain services for the Company, which may include legal, accounting,
due diligence tasks and other services, that outside professionals or outside consultants otherwise would perform, provided that
such costs and reimbursements are in amounts which are no greater than those which would be payable to outside professionals or
consultants engaged to perform such services pursuant to agreements negotiated on an arm's-length basis. In addition, the Company
may be required to pay its portion of rent, telephone, utilities, office furniture, equipment, machinery and other office, internal
and overhead expenses of the Advisor and its affiliates required for the Company's operations. To date, the Advisor has not sought
reimbursement for the services and expenses described in the two preceding sentences. In the future, however, the Advisor may seek
reimbursement for all such services, costs and expenses, as a result of which the total expense ratio of the Company may increase.
The Company is also required to pay directly, or reimburse the Advisor for, products and services, including hardware and software,
research and market data provided by third parties, other than those operating expenses required to be borne by the Advisor under
the Investment Advisory Agreement (the  Expense Reimbursements ). 

After an initial
three-year term, the Advisor may be terminated annually upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the Company's independent
directors or by a vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock based upon
(i) unsatisfactory performance by the Advisor that is materially detrimental to the Company or (ii) a determination that
the advisory fees payable to the Advisor are not fair, subject to the Advisor's right to prevent such termination due to unfair
fees by accepting a reduction of advisory fees agreed to by at least two-thirds of the Company's independent directors. Additionally,
upon such a termination without cause, the Investment Advisory Agreement provides that the Company will pay the Advisor a termination
fee equal to three times the average annual advisory fee earned by the Advisor during the prior 24-month period immediately preceding
such termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year before the date of termination (see Note
1   Formation and Organization for disclosure relating to the Termination Agreement entered into by the Company, the Operating
Partnership, the Advisor, Sutherland and certain subsidiaries of the Company). 

On August 11,
2014, the Company amended its Investment Advisory Agreement to provide that the Company shall pay its Advisor a loan sourcing fee
quarterly in arrears in lieu of any payments or reimbursements that would otherwise be due to the Advisor or its affiliates pursuant
to Investment Advisory Agreement for loan sourcing services provided. The loan sourcing fee is equal to 0.50% of the principal
balance of newly originated residential mortgage loans sourced by the Advisor or its affiliates through its loan conduit program
and acquired by the Company's subsidiaries. 

On March 17, 2015,
a business combination was completed between HF2 Financial Management Inc. ( HF2 Financial ), a special purpose acquisition
company, and ZAIS Group Parent, LLC ( ZGP ), which wholly owns ZAIS, pursuant to a definitive agreement dated September 16,
2014. The current owners of ZGP did not receive any proceeds at the closing of the transaction and retained a significant equity
stake in ZGP. Following the close of the transaction, ZAIS's management team has remained in place to continue to lead the combined
organization. 

The Company incurred
the following fees pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015: 

Such amounts are included
in  Advisory fee   related party  in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

The Company incurred the following Expense
Reimbursements for amounts incurred by the Advisor for research and market data (including the amortization expense related to
amounts prepaid to the Advisor) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

Such amounts are included
in operating expenses in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Amounts payable to
the Advisor for advisory fees, loan sourcing fees and Expense Reimbursements at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are
as follows: 

Such amounts were included
in accounts payable and other liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 

Other  

GMFS received the following sub-lease income
related to a portion of its office space (see Note 22   Commitments and Contingencies) from a related party for the
three and nine months September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

Such amounts are included
in other income in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

20. Dividends and Distributions  

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 the Company declared the following dividends and distributions: 

21. Non-Controlling Interests  

On
June 17, 2016, the Company, as the general partner of the Operating Partnership, received a redemption request (the  Redemption
Request ) from one of the Partnership's outside limited partners (the  Outside Limited Partner ) in respect of
a total of 866,016 OP units of the 893,256 units held by the partner. On June 23, 2016, the Company notified the Outside Limited
Partner of its decision to issue shares of the Company s common stock to satisfy the Redemption Request. 

On
July 1, 2016, the Company, as general partner of the Operating Partnership, entered into the Fifth Amendment to the Agreement of
Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership, pursuant to which the Company, as the general partner of the Partnership, acquired
the 866,016 operating partnership units from the Outside Limited Partner and issued an equal number of shares of the Company s
common stock (the  Exchange Stock ) to the Outside Limited Partner pursuant to the terms of the Operating Partnership s
Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership. The Exchange Stock was issued to an accredited investor in transactions
not involving a public offering in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended. The resale of the Exchange Stock has been registered by the Company under the Securities Act, pursuant to the
Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (File No. 333-194551), filed on May 23, 2014 and declared effective by the
SEC on the same date. 

22. Commitments and Contingencies  

Advisor Services  

The Company is dependent
on the Advisor for certain services that are essential to the Company, including the identification, evaluation, negotiation, origination,
acquisition and disposition of investments; management of the daily operations of the Company's investment portfolio including
determination of fair value; and other general and administrative responsibilities. In the event that the Advisor is unable to
provide the respective services, the Company will be required to obtain such services from an alternative source. 

Litigation  

From time to time,
the Company may become involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. 

Tolling Agreement  

In April 2015, GMFS
received a demand from a counterparty of GMFS with respect to residential mortgage loans that were sold servicing released by GMFS
to this counterparty s predecessor prior to its acquisition by the Company on October 31, 2014. GMFS has since executed statute
of limitations tolling agreements with this counterparty which have been extended to expire on December 31, 2016 but can be further
extended by agreement of the parties (the initial tolling agreement was executed by GMFS on December 12, 2013). 

Although the Company has established
a loan indemnification reserve for potential losses related to loan sale representations and warranties with a corresponding provision
recorded for loan losses (see Note 16   Loan Indemnification Reserve), due to the limited information available at this stage
of the matter, the Company is not able to determine the likelihood of the outcome or estimate an amount of loss or range of losses. 

The Company believes
that any losses in excess of the loan indemnification reserve will be recovered by the Company as either a reduction of total contingent
consideration owed under the GMFS Merger Agreement given the indemnification provisions in the GMFS Merger Agreement or by withdrawing
funds from an escrow account established by the sellers at the time of the acquisition (as of September 30, 2016, the balance in
the escrow account was $4,008,754). The Company has delayed the first year installment payment of the contingent consideration
(see Note 3   Acquisition of GMFS). 

Losses in excess of
the loan indemnification reserve, total contingent consideration and the escrow account could have a material adverse impact on
the Company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. In the event of litigation or settlement with the counterparty,
the Company intends to pursue claims against the sellers of GMFS seeking indemnification for any losses or any amounts paid in
settlement, although there can be no assurance that such claims would be successful or that any amounts available for indemnification
would be adequate. 

Class Action Lawsuit  

On August 24, 2016,
a putative class action lawsuit, captioned  Sean Dexter, Individually and On Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. ZAIS
Financial Corp., et al.  (the  Complaint ), was filed in the Circuit Court for the City of Baltimore, Maryland (the
 Court ) against the Company, its directors, Sutherland and Sutherland Partners, L.P., alleging that the Company s
board of directors breached their fiduciary duties in certain respects regarding the Sutherland Merger and that the Sutherland
parties aided and abetted the alleged breach of fiduciary duties. The Complaint sought various forms of relief, including compensatory
damages and preliminary and/or permanent injunctive relief enjoining the consummation of the proposed Sutherland Merger. On August
30, 2016, the plaintiff filed a motion for a preliminary injunction seeking to enjoin the proposed shareholder vote on the proposed
issuance of shares in connection with the Sutherland Merger. 

The Company and
the other named defendants continue to believe that the claims asserted in the Complaint are without merit, and further
believe that no supplemental disclosure is required under applicable laws. However, the Company decided to make certain
supplemental disclosures related to the Sutherland Merger, and on September 19, 2016, in connection with the filing of these
supplemental disclosures, plaintiff Sean Dexter voluntarily withdrew the motion for a preliminary injunction, the Court
cancelled the preliminary injunction hearing, and the lawsuit is resolved but for the Court's consideration of plaintiff's
motion for an award of attorneys' fees, if any. Due to the limited information available at this stage of the matter,
the Company is not able to determine the likelihood of the outcome or estimate an amount of loss or range of losses. 

Other  

Management is not aware
of any other contingencies that would require accrual or disclosure in the condensed consolidated financial statements at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Operational Update
Relating to Flooding in Louisiana  

Throughout the severe
flooding that occurred in southern Louisiana in mid-August 2016, GMFS, headquartered in Baton Rouge, LA., remained fully operational.
 In particular, GMFS continued to close and sell loans in the ordinary course of business and the production volume was at
or above prior quarter levels. GMFS continues to reach out to customers that may have been impacted by the severe flooding.
GMFS anticipates that the MSR portfolio may experience higher delinquencies and forbearance while its customers impacted by the
flood recover, but does not expect the impact of the flood to have a significant impact on its operations. 

Commitments to Originate Loans  

GMFS enters into IRLCs
with customers who have applied for residential mortgage loans and meet certain credit and underwriting criteria. These commitments
expose GMFS to market risk if interest rates change, and the loan is not economically hedged or committed to an investor. GMFS
is also exposed to credit loss if the loan is originated and not sold to an investor and the mortgagor does not perform. Upon extension
of credit typically consists of a first deed of trust in the mortgagor's residential property. 

Commitments to originate
loans do not necessarily reflect future cash requirements as some commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon. 

Total commitments to
originate loans are as follows at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Leases  

GMFS leases office
space in Baton Rouge, Louisiana for its corporate headquarters under a non-cancelable operating lease. The lease provides that
GMFS pays taxes, maintenance, insurance, and other occupancy expenses applicable to the leased premises and contains three five-year
renewal options at pre-determined amounts specified by the original lease agreement. GMFS also leases space in various states for
its branch offices and equipment under various short-term rental agreements. GMFS incurred rent expense as follows for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

Such amounts are included
in operating expenses in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

GMFS sub-leases a portion of its office
space and furniture and fixtures contained therein to a related party (see Note 19   Related Party Transactions). 

At September 30, 2016,
the future minimum rental payments for the period October 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016 and the five years subsequent to December
31, 2016 and thereafter are as follows: 

23. Counterparty Risk and Concentration  

Counterparty risk is
the risk that counterparties may fail to fulfill their obligations, including their inability to post additional collateral in
circumstances where their pledged collateral value becomes inadequate. The Company attempts to manage its exposure to counterparty
risk through diversification, use of financial instruments and monitoring the creditworthiness of counterparties. 

The Company finances
the acquisition of a significant portion of its mortgage loans held for investment, RMBS and Other Investment Securities with repurchase
agreements. Additionally, the Company finances a significant portion of its mortgages held for sale with its warehouse lines of
credit and repurchase agreements. In connection with these financing arrangements, the Company pledges its residential mortgage
loans, securities and cash as collateral to secure the borrowings. The amount of collateral pledged will typically exceed the amount
of the borrowings ( i.e.  , the haircut) such that the borrowings will be over-collateralized. As a result, the Company is
exposed to the counterparty if, during the term of the repurchase agreement financing, a lender should default on its obligation
and the Company is not able to recover its pledged assets. The amount of this exposure is the difference between the amount loaned
to the Company plus interest due to the counterparty and the fair value of the collateral pledged by the Company to the lender
including accrued interest receivable on such collateral. 

The Company's deposits
with financial institutions may exceed federally insurable limits of $250,000 per institution. The Company mitigates this risk
by depositing funds with major financial institutions. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, a portion of the Company's
operating cash was held with two custodians and three other financial institutions. The Company also maintains separate cash accounts
with each of its warehouse lenders at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. There is no guarantee that these custodians or
other financial institutions will not become insolvent. While there are certain regulations that seek to protect customer property
in the event of a failure, insolvency or liquidation of a custodian, there is no certainty that the Company would not incur losses
due to its assets being unavailable for a period of time in the event of a failure of a custodian that has custody of the Company's
assets. Although management monitors the credit worthiness of its custodians, such losses could be significant and could materially
impair the ability of the Company to achieve its investment objective. 

In the normal course
of business, companies in the mortgage banking industry encounter certain economic and regulatory risks. Economic risks include
interest rate risk and credit risk. The Company is subject to interest rate risk to the extent that in a rising interest rate environment,
the Company may experience a decrease in loan production, as well as decreases in the value of mortgage loans held for sale and
in commitments to originate loans, which may negatively impact the Company's operations. Credit risk is the risk of default that
may result from the borrowers' inability or unwillingness to make contractually required payments during the period in which loans
are being held for sale. 

GMFS sells loans to
investors without recourse. As such, the investors have assumed the risk of loss or default by the borrower. However, GMFS is usually
required by these investors to make certain standard representations and warranties relating to credit information, loan documentation
and collateral. To the extent that such representations are breached, or there are early payment defaults, GMFS may be required
to repurchase the loans or indemnify these investors for any losses from borrower defaults. In addition, if loans pay-off within
a specified time frame, GMFS may be required to refund a portion of the sales proceeds to the investors. 

The Company's business
requires substantial cash to support its operating and investing activities. As a result, the Company is dependent on its warehouse
lines of credit and repurchase facilities in order to finance its continued operations and investments. If the Company's principal
lenders decided to terminate or not to renew any of these credit facilities with the Company, the loss of borrowing capacity could
have a material adverse impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements unless the Company found a suitable alternative
source. 

MSRs are subject to
substantial interest rate risk and the value of MSRs generally tend to diminish in periods of declining interest rates as borrowers
can prepay the mortgage notes underlying the MSRs. MSRs increase in periods of rising interest rates (as prepayments decrease).
Although the level of interest rates is a key driver of prepayment activity, there are other factors that influence prepayments,
including home prices, underwriting standards and product characteristics. 

24. Offsetting Assets and Liabilities  

The following table
presents information about certain liabilities that are subject to master netting arrangements (or similar agreements) and can
potentially be offset in the Company's consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The Company did not have any assets that
are subject to master netting arrangements which can potentially be offset in the Company's consolidated balance sheets at September
30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

25. Segment Information  

The Company operates
in two operating segments: residential mortgage investments and residential mortgage banking. These operating segments have been
identified based on the Company's organizational and management structure. These segments are based on an internally-aligned segment
structure, which is how the Company's results are monitored and performance is assessed. 

The residential mortgage
investments segment includes a portfolio of mortgage loans which were either distressed, re-performing or newly originated at the
time of purchase and securities backed by mortgage loans. The residential mortgage investments segment's profit and loss consist
primarily of net interest income from whole loans and RMBS, changes in unrealized gains and losses from the valuation of the portfolio
and realized gains and losses recognized upon the paydowns of mortgage loans and sales of RMBS. 

Since the operations
of GMFS are conducted in ZFC Honeybee TRS, LLC, an indirect subsidiary of the Company, the residential mortgage banking segment
includes the operations of GMFS, which originates mortgage loans for subsequent sale as either servicing retained or released,
and expenses incurred by ZFC Honeybee TRS, LLC. 

Each segment includes
the operating and other expenses associated with the respective activities. 

Segment contribution represents the measure
of profit that management uses to assess the performance of its business segments and make resource allocation and operating decisions.
Certain expenses not directly assigned or allocated to one of the two primary segments are included in the Corporate/Other column.
These unallocated expenses primarily include interest expense on the Company's Exchangeable Senior Notes and corporate operating
expenses such as insurance, public company expenses, advisory fees, transaction costs and general and administrative expenses.
All amounts are before amounts allocated to non-controlling interests. 

The Company's segment
profit and loss information for three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 is as follows: 

The following table
is a reconciliation of the net income of the residential mortgage banking segment to the operations of GMFS: 

Supplemental Disclosures  

Selected segment
balance sheet information at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

26. Subsequent Events  

On October 3, 2016
the Company amended one of its warehouse lines of credit used by its GMFS mortgage banking platform which was due to expire on
October 31, 2016 to increase the capacity to $75.0 million and extend the maturity date to September 29, 2017. 

Item 1A. Forward-Looking Statements 

ZAIS Financial Corp.
(the  Company ) makes forward-looking statements in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). For these statements, the Company claims the protections of the safe harbor
for forward-looking statements contained in such Sections. Forward-looking statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties,
many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the Company's control. These forward-looking statements include
information about possible or assumed future results of the Company's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations,
plans and objectives. When the Company uses the words  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   estimate, 
 plan,   continue,   intend,   should,   could,   would,   may, 
 potential  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, the Company intends to identify forward-looking
statements. Statements regarding the following subjects, among others, may be forward-looking: 

the consummation of the strategic combination with Sutherland Asset Management Corporation ( Sutherland );   

the Company's investment objectives and business strategy;   

the
Company's ability to obtain future financing arrangements, and to extend existing arrangements in light of the planned combination
with Sutherland;  

the Company's expected leverage;   

the Company's expected investments;   

the GMFS, LLC ( GMFS ) transaction;   

the HF2 Financial Management Inc. ( HF2 Financial ) transaction;   

estimates or statements relating to, and the Company's ability to make, future distributions;   

the Company's ability to compete in the marketplace;   

the Company's ability to originate or acquire the assets it targets and achieve risk-adjusted returns;   

the Company's ability to borrow funds at favorable rates;   

market, industry and economic trends;   

recent market developments and actions taken and to be taken by the U.S. Government, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal National Mortgage Association ( Fannie Mae ), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ( Freddie Mac ), the Government National Mortgage Association ( Ginnie Mae ) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC    

mortgage loan modification programs and future legislative actions;   

the Company's ability to maintain its qualification as a real estate investment trust ( REIT    

the Company's ability to maintain its exemption from qualification under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act    

projected capital and operating expenditures;   

availability of qualified personnel;   

prepayment rates; and   

projected default rates.   

The Company's beliefs, assumptions and expectations
can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to the Company or are within its control,
including: 

the factors referenced in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K, including those set forth under Item 1,  Business  and Item 1A,  Risk Factors  therein and the factors described herein under this heading,  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and under the heading  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    

the risk that the Mergers (as defined below) will not be consummated within the expected time period or at all;   

the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Sutherland Merger Agreement (as defined below);   

the failure to satisfy the conditions to completion of the Mergers (as defined below);   

risks related to disruption of management's attention from the ongoing business operations due to the proposed Mergers;   

the effect of the announcement of the proposed Mergers on the Company's operating results and business generally;   

the outcome of any legal proceedings relating to the Mergers;   

general volatility of the capital markets;   

changes in the Company's investment objectives and business strategy;   

the availability, terms and deployment of capital;   

the availability of suitable investment opportunities;   

the Company's dependence on its external advisor, ZAIS REIT Management, LLC (the  Advisor ), and the Company's ability to find a suitable replacement if the Company or the Advisor were to terminate the investment advisory agreement the Company has entered into with the Advisor;   

changes in the Company's assets, interest rates or the general economy;   

increased rates of default and/or decreased recovery rates on the Company's investments;   

changes in interest rates, interest rate spreads, the yield curve or prepayment rates; changes in prepayments of the Company's assets;   

limitations on the Company's business as a result of its qualification as a REIT; and   

the degree and nature of the Company's competition, including competition for residential mortgage-backed securities ( RMBS ), loans or its other target assets.   

Upon the occurrence
of these or other factors, the Company's business, financial condition, liquidity and consolidated results of operations may vary
materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any such forward-looking statements. 

Although the Company
believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot guarantee future results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements. These forward-looking statements apply only as of the date of this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q. The Company is not obligated, and does not intend, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. See Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  of the Company's annual
report on Form 10-K. 

Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying Notes included in
Item 1,  Financial Statements,  of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and with Items 6, 7, 8, and 9A of
the Company's annual report on Form 10-K. See  Forward-Looking Statements  in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
and in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K and  Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates  in the Company's
annual report on Form 10-K for certain other factors that could cause actual results or future events to differ, perhaps materially,
from historical performance and from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Overview   

Recent Development s   

Sutherland Merger Agreement  

As discussed below
under  Definitive Merger Agreement , the Company entered into a definitive merger agreement on April 6, 2016, as amended
on May 9, 2016 and August 4, 2016 (the  Sutherland Merger Agreement ) pursuant to which the Company will combine with
Sutherland Asset Management Corp. ( Sutherland ), a privately held commercial mortgage REIT, in the transactions described
in the Sutherland Merger Agreement (the  Mergers ). 

On September 12, 2016
the Company and Sutherland announced the final exchange ratio in accordance with the terms of the Sutherland Merger Agreement.
If the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Sutherland Merger Agreement are completed, Sutherland s
common stockholders will receive 0.8356 newly issued shares of the combined company s common stock for each share of Sutherland
common stock held immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, and holders of operating partnership units of Sutherland
Partners L.P. ( Sutherland Operating Partnership ) will receive 0.8356 operating partnership units in the surviving
partnership for each limited partnership interest held immediately prior to the effective time of the merger 

On September 27, 2016,
the Company and Sutherland announced that they had each received the necessary stockholder approvals to complete the Mergers. At
separate special meetings of the stockholders of the Company and Sutherland, the Company s stockholders voted in favor of
the proposal to issue shares to Sutherland stockholders in connection with the merger, and the Sutherland stockholders voted in
favor of the proposal to approve the Mergers of Sutherland with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Assuming all
conditions to closing the Mergers have been satisfied, the Mergers are expected to close on or after October 31, 2016. 

Additionally, on September
27, 2016, the Company commenced a tender offer to purchase up to 4,185,497 shares of the Company s common stock, par value
$0.0001, at a price of $15.37 per share (the  Tender Offer ). The tender offer price is equal to 95% of a further adjusted
per share value, which is calculated by reducing the Company s adjusted book value by the Company s pro-rata share
of (i) the $8,000,000 contractual termination payment to the Advisor, (ii) $4,064,000 related to the remaining recorded
value of intangible assets relating to GMFS, and (iii) $297,400 of expenses and reserves associated with certain litigation
relating to the Mergers, with such price per share rounded to the nearest whole cent. The Company s pro rata share of these
amounts was determined by multiplying the sum of the items in (i)-(iii) above, by the quotient obtained by dividing the number
of issued and outstanding shares of Company common stock (without regard for the effects of the Tender Offer), calculated on a
fully diluted basis, by the sum of the number of issued and outstanding shares of Company common stock (without regard for the
effects of the Tender Offer), plus the number of shares of Company common stock expected to be issued in the Sutherland Merger,
both calculated on a fully diluted basis. The Tender Offer period will expire at 12:00 midnight, Eastern Time, at the end of October
25, 2016 (the  Tender Offer Expiration Date ). 

The decision to enter
into the Sutherland Merger Agreement resulted from a strategic review of the Company which began during the fourth quarter of 2015.
As a result of that review, in order to reduce market risk in its investment portfolio, prior to entering into the Sutherland Merger
Agreement, the Company had begun the process of selling its seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans from its residential mortgage
investments segment. The Sutherland Merger Agreement required the Company to complete the sale of its seasoned, re-performing mortgage
loans as a condition to closing of the Mergers. On May 26, 2016, the Company entered into a contract providing for and completed
the sale of its seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans, including real estate owned ( REO ), with an unpaid principal
balance of $430.7 million to Citigroup Global Markets Realty Corporation ( CGMRC ) for $362.0 million. The unpaid principal
balance included $27.0 million of non-interest bearing unpaid principal balance which had a carrying value of zero in the Company s
consolidated balance sheets at March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Certain of these loans were originally purchased by a subsidiary
of the Company from CGMRC. The net proceeds from the sale were $94.6 million after the repayment of the outstanding balance of
its master repurchase agreement dated May 30, 2013 with Citibank N.A. (the  Citi Loan Repurchase Facility ), which
was used to finance the purchase of such loans and was terminated in connection with such sale. The sale of these loans has resulted
in a reduction of the Company s investment income. 

Additionally, as part
of the strategic review, the Company had made the decision to cease the purchase of newly originated residential mortgage loans
as part of its mortgage conduit purchase program and is in the process of terminating contracts and surrendering governmental licenses
relating to the Company s mortgage conduit business. Consistent with these changes to the Company s strategy, on March
9, 2016, Brian Hargrave resigned as the Company s Chief Investment Officer and was succeeded by Christian Zugel, the current
Chairman of the Company s board of directors. The Sutherland Merger Agreement requires the Company to complete this process
of terminating contracts and surrendering governmental licenses. 

Class Action Lawsuit  

On August 24, 2016,
a putative class action lawsuit, captioned  Sean Dexter, Individually and On Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. ZAIS
Financial Corp., et al.  (the  Complaint ), was filed in the Circuit Court for the City of Baltimore, Maryland (the
 Court ) against the Company, its directors, Sutherland and Sutherland Partners, L.P., alleging that the Company s
board of directors breached their fiduciary duties in certain respects regarding the Mergers and that the Sutherland parties aided
and abetted the alleged breach of fiduciary duties. The Complaint sought various forms of relief, including compensatory damages
and preliminary and/or permanent injunctive relief enjoining the consummation of the proposed Mergers. On August 30, 2016, the
plaintiff filed a motion for a preliminary injunction seeking to enjoin the proposed shareholder vote on the proposed issuance
of shares in connection with the Mergers. 

The Company and
the other named defendants continue to believe that the claims asserted in the Complaint are without merit, and further
believe that no supplemental disclosure is required under applicable laws. However, the Company decided to make certain
supplemental disclosures related to the Mergers, and on September 19, 2016, in connection with the filing of these
supplemental disclosures, plaintiff Sean Dexter voluntarily withdrew the motion for a preliminary injunction, the Court
cancelled the preliminary injunction hearing, and the lawsuit is resolved but for the Court's consideration of plaintiff's
motion for an award of attorneys' fees, if any. Due to the limited information available at this stage of the matter,
the Company is not able to determine the likelihood of the outcome or estimate an amount of loss or range of losses. 

Operational Update
Relating to Flooding in Louisiana  

Throughout the severe
flooding that occurred in southern Louisiana in mid-August 2016, GMFS, headquartered in Baton Rouge, LA., remained fully operational.
 In particular, GMFS continued to close and sell loans in the ordinary course of business and the production volume was at
or above prior quarter levels. GMFS continues to reach out to customers that may have been impacted by the severe flooding.
GMFS anticipates that the MSR portfolio may experience higher delinquencies and forbearance while its customers impacted by the
flood recover, but does not expect the impact of the flood to have a significant impact on its operations this year. 

Overview of the Company s Business  

The Company invests
in residential mortgage loans. GMFS, a mortgage banking platform the Company acquired in October 2014, originates, sells and services
residential mortgage loans and the Company may acquire performing, re-performing and newly originated loans through other channels.
The Company also invests in, finances and manages RMBS that are not issued or guaranteed by a federally chartered corporation,
such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or an agency of the U.S. Government, such as Ginnie Mae, ( non-Agency RMBS ) with an
emphasis on securities that, when originally issued, were rated in the highest rating category by one or more of the nationally
recognized statistical rating organizations and mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs ). The Company also has the discretion
to invest in RMBS that are issued or guaranteed by a federally chartered corporation or a U.S. Government agency ( Agency
RMBS ), including through To-Be-Announced ( TBA ) contracts, and in other real estate-related and financial assets,
such as interest only strips created from RMBS ( IOs ). The Company refers collectively to the assets it targets as its
 target assets . 

The Company's income
is generated primarily by the net spread between the income it earns on its assets and the cost of its financing and hedging activities
in its residential mortgage investments segment, and the origination, sale and servicing of residential mortgage loans in its residential
mortgage banking segment. The Company's objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to its stockholders, primarily
through quarterly distributions and secondarily through capital appreciation. 

The Company was incorporated
in Maryland on May 24, 2011 and has elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with its taxable
year ended December 31, 2011. The Company is organized in a format pursuant to which it serves as the general partner of,
and conducts substantially all of its business through ZAIS Financial Partners, L.P. (the  Company Operating Partnership 
or the  Operating Partnership ). The Company is externally managed by the Advisor, a subsidiary of ZAIS Group LLC ( ZAIS ),
and has no employees other than those employed by GMFS, its wholly-owned subsidiary. GMFS had 260 employees at September 30, 2016.
The Company also expects to operate its business so that it is not required to register as an investment company under the 1940
Act. 

The Company is externally
managed by the Advisor, a subsidiary of ZAIS. On March 17, 2015, a business combination was completed between HF2 Financial,
a special purpose acquisition company, and ZAIS Group Parent, LLC ( ZGP ), which wholly owns ZAIS, pursuant to a definitive
agreement dated September 16, 2014. The current owners of ZGP did not receive any proceeds at the closing of the transaction
and retained a significant equity stake in ZGP. Following the close of the transaction, ZAIS's management team has remained in
place to continue to lead the combined organization. 

Definitive Merger Agreement  

As described in greater detail in the Company s
current reports on Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2016 and on May 9, 2016, the Company entered into the Sutherland Merger Agreement
pursuant to which the Company will combine with Sutherland, a privately held commercial mortgage REIT. In the transactions described
in the Sutherland Merger Agreement, the Company s stockholders will continue to be stockholders of the surviving corporation
and will be eligible to receive cash of up to $64.3 million in the Tender Offer. Pursuant to the terms of the Sutherland Merger
Agreement, Sutherland stockholders will receive 0.8356 shares of the Company s common stock, and holders of Sutherland operating
partnership units will receive 0.8356 operating partnership units in the Company Operating Partnership, which will be the surviving
operating partnership. Following the Mergers, the combined entity will be renamed Sutherland Asset Management Corporation, and
its shares will continue to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the symbol SLD. Following the Mergers,
the Company will be externally managed by Waterfall Asset Management, LLC ( Waterfall ), Sutherland s current
external manager. Upon the effective time of the Mergers, the Company s board of directors will increase the number of directors
to six members, which will consist of the current directors of Sutherland and one of the Company s current directors. The
resignations of the Company s other directors will become effective at closing. For additional details related to the Mergers,
including the closing conditions, please refer to the Company s Forms 8-K filed with the SEC on April 7, 2016 and on May
9, 2016 and  Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence Conflicts of Interest
and Related Party Transactions Sutherland Management Agreement  in the Company s report on Form 10-K/A filed on
April 29, 2016. 

The Sutherland Merger
Agreement has been approved by both the stockholders and board of directors of the Company and Sutherland. The completion of the
Mergers is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, as described above, including the commencement and completion or
withdrawal of the Tender Offer, the delivery of certain customary documents and consents, the representations and warranties of
the parties being true and correct, subject to the materiality standards contained in the Sutherland Merger Agreement, and the
absence of a material adverse effect with respect to either Sutherland or the Company. 

On April 6, 2016, the
Company, the Company Operating Partnership, the Advisor, Sutherland and certain subsidiaries of the Company entered into a termination
agreement (the  Termination Agreement ). Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, effective upon the closing of the Mergers,
the existing advisory agreement between the Company, the Advisor, the Company Operating Partnership and the Company s subsidiaries
would be terminated and the Company would pay the Advisor a termination fee in the amount of $8,000,000. In the event that the
Sutherland Merger Agreement is terminated prior to the consummation of the Mergers, the Termination Agreement will automatically
terminate and be of no further effect. Such amount will be recognized by the Company upon termination of the agreement. 

Additionally, on April
6, 2016, the Company, the Operating Partnership, certain subsidiaries of the Company, Sutherland, and Waterfall entered into a
management agreement, as amended on May 9, 2016 (the  Sutherland Management Agreement ), and the Company and Waterfall
entered into a related Side-Letter Agreement (the  Side Letter Agreement ). Pursuant to the Sutherland Management Agreement
and the Side Letter Agreement, effective upon the closing of the Mergers, the Company will retain Waterfall to provide investment
advisory services to the Company on the terms and conditions set forth in the Sutherland Management Agreement. In exchange for
services provided, the Company will pay Waterfall a management fee and the Operating Partnership will issue Waterfall a newly authorized
special limited partnership unit entitling Waterfall to an incentive fee under the terms of the Sutherland Management Agreement.
The Sutherland Management Agreement has an initial term of three years, after which it will renew automatically for additional
one year terms. In the event that the Merger Agreement is terminated prior to the consummation of the Mergers, the Sutherland Management
Agreement and the Side Letter Agreement will automatically terminate and be of no further effect. 

Acquisition of GMFS  

Pursuant to the terms
of the August 5, 2014 agreement and plan of merger (the  GMFS Merger Agreement ) among ZFC Honeybee TRS, LLC ( Honeybee
TRS ), an indirect subsidiary of the Company, ZFC Honeybee Acquisitions, LLC ( Honeybee Acquisitions ), a wholly
owned subsidiary of Honeybee TRS, GMFS, and Honeyrep, LLC, solely in its capacity as the security holder representative, Honeybee
Acquisitions merged with and into GMFS on October 31, 2014, with GMFS continuing as the surviving entity and an indirect subsidiary
of the Company. 

GMFS is an approved Fannie Mae Seller-Servicer,
Freddie Mac Seller-Servicer, Ginnie Mae issuer, Department of Housing and Urban Development / Federal Housing Administration ( FHA )
Mortgagee, U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) approved originator and U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA )
Lender. GMFS currently originates loans that are eligible to be purchased, guaranteed or insured by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA,
VA and USDA through retail, correspondent and broker channels. GMFS also originates and sells reverse mortgage loans as part of
its existing operations. GMFS, headquartered in Baton Rouge, LA, has various branch locations which are located primarily throughout
the southeastern United States. 

The final purchase
price was approximately $61.2 million, net of approximately $1.7 million received from an escrow account pursuant to
the GMFS Merger Agreement, based on the final reconciliation of GMFS's net tangible assets. The net tangible assets at closing
were comprised of the estimated fair value of GMFS's MSR portfolio, the estimated value of GMFS's net tangible assets and a purchase
price premium. In addition to cash paid at closing, two contingent $1 million deferred premium payments are payable in cash over
two years, plus potential additional consideration based on future loan production and profits are payable over a four-year period
if certain conditions are met (the  Production and Profitability Earn-Out ). The $2 million of deferred premium
payments is contingent on GMFS remaining profitable and retaining certain key employees. The Production and Profitability Earn-Out
is dependent on GMFS achieving certain profitability and loan production goals and is capped at $20 million. Up to 50% of
the Production and Profitability Earn-Out may be paid in common stock of the Company, at the Company's option. The estimated present
value of the total contingent consideration at October 31, 2014 was $11.4 million based on the future production and
earnings projections of GMFS over the four-year earn-out period (at September 30, 2016 the contingent consideration liability was
$12.2 million; the Company has delayed the first year installment payment of the contingent consideration, pursuant to the indemnification
provisions in the GMFS Merger Agreement). The Company funded the closing cash payment through a combination of available cash and
the sale of a portion of its non-Agency RMBS portfolio. As discussed above, pursuant to the GMFS Merger Agreement, based on the
final reconciliation of the October 31, 2014 values, the Company received approximately $1.7 million in June 2015 from an
escrow account established at the time of the closing. The Company recorded a reduction to goodwill in the consolidated balance
sheets that included this amount, along with other final closing adjustments. Additionally, in 2016 and 2015, the goodwill and
other intangible assets were measured for impairment. The Company determined that it is more likely than not that the carrying
amount of these assets are recoverable and therefore, the Company did not recognize any impairment of these assets under accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ). 

Segments  

The Company operates
in two business segments: residential mortgage investments and residential mortgage banking. These operating segments have been
identified based on the Company's organizational and management structure. These segments are based on an internally-aligned segment
structure, which is how the Company's results are monitored and performance is assessed. 

The residential mortgage
investments segment includes a portfolio of mortgage loans which were newly originated at the time of purchase and RMBS assets.
The residential mortgage banking segment includes the operations of GMFS, which originates mortgage loans for subsequent sale as
either servicing retained or released, and expenses incurred by Honeybee TRS. 

At September 30, 2016,
the Company held a diversified portfolio of residential mortgage loans, RMBS and MSRs with an aggregate fair value of $309.2 million,
comprised of the following: 

Residential Mortgage Investments  

Loans that were newly originated at the time of purchase with a fair
value of $40.0 million;    

RMBS assets with a fair value of $84.8 million, consisting primarily
of senior tranches of non-Agency RMBS that were originally highly rated but subsequently downgraded and,    

Residential Mortgage Banking  

Mortgage loans originated by the GMFS mortgage banking platform and
held for sale with a fair value of $134.3 million; and    

MSRs with a fair value of $50.2 million.    

The borrowings the Company used to fund the purchase of its
portfolio held for investment totaled $140.5 million at September 30, 2016, under: (i) a master repurchase facility with Credit
Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital LLC (the  Credit Suisse Loan Repurchase Facility , and together with the Citi Loan
Repurchase Facility, the  Loan Repurchase Facilities ) to fund its newly originated loan portfolio, (ii) master
securities repurchase agreements with four counterparties and (iii) the 8.0% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2016 (the  Exchangeable
Senior Notes ). Additionally, the borrowings the Company used to fund the origination of its mortgage loans held for sale
portfolio totaled $125.7 million at September 30, 2016 under warehouse lines of credit and repurchase agreements with four lenders
with an aggregate borrowing capacity of $200.0 million. On May 26, 2016, in connection with the sale of the Company's seasoned,
re-performing mortgage loans, including REO, the Company terminated the Citi Loan Repurchase Facility which was used to finance
the purchase of such loans. 

Factors Impacting Operating Results  

The Company s
operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were impacted by the following factors: 

a decrease in net interest margin in the residential mortgage investment
portfolio primarily due to the sale of the seasoned and re-performing mortgage loan portfolio on May 26, 2016;    

an increase in other gains as a result of changes in both unrealized
and realized gains and losses related to the residential mortgage investments due to the sale of the seasoned and re-performing
mortgage loans and changes in interest rates on the RMBS portfolio;    

an increase in non-interest income (net of related salaries, commissions
and benefits) related to the residential mortgage banking segment.    

See the sections titled
 Selected Financial Highlights ,  Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures  and  Financial Overview 
below for a more detailed discussion of these other factors. 

The overall market
sentiment remained stable in the third quarter. The non-Agency RMBS asset sector participated in the third quarter rebound on tightening
credit spreads and stable to improved underlying credit metrics over the quarter and also benefited from a decline in the yield
for the 10 year treasury. Key credit metrics including roll rates, credit losses and recoveries were all stable in the third quarter.
The non-Agency RMBS assets generally ended the quarter with positive returns. Additionally, the spreads on the 10 year Treasury
and TBA s tightened during the quarter which led to the Company experiencing a modest gain on its residential mortgage investments
during the same period. 

The Company expects
that the results of its operations will also be affected by a number of other factors, including the level of its net interest
income, the fair value of its assets and the supply of, and demand for, the target assets in which it may invest. The Company's
net interest income, which includes the amortization of purchase premiums and accretion of purchase discounts, varies, primarily
as a result of changes in market interest rates and prepayment speeds, as measured by Constant Prepayment Rates ( CPR )
on the Company's target assets. Interest rates and prepayment speeds vary according to the type of investment, conditions in the
financial markets, competition and other factors, none of which can be predicted with any certainty. The Company's operating results
may also be impacted by credit losses in excess of initial anticipations or unanticipated credit events experienced by borrowers
whose mortgage loans are held directly by the Company or included in its non-Agency RMBS or  Other Investment Securities ,
which consisted of Fannie Mae Risk Transfer Notes ( FMSA Notes ) and Freddie Mac Structured Agency Credit Risk Notes
( FMRT Notes ) or in other assets it may originate or acquire. 

Changes in Fair Value of the Company's Assets  

The Company's mortgage
loans held for investment, mortgage loans held for sale, RMBS and Other Investment Securities are carried at fair value and future
mortgage-related assets may also be carried at fair value. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of the Company's assets may impact
the results of its operations for the period in which such change in value occurs. The expectation of changes in real estate prices
is a major determinant of the value of mortgage loans and, therefore, of RMBS and Other Investment Securities. This factor is beyond
the Company's control. 

Changes in Market Interest Rates  

With respect to the
Company's business operations, increases in interest rates, in general, may, over time, cause: (i) the interest expense associated
with the Company's borrowings to increase; (ii) the value of its fixed-rate portfolio to decline; (iii) coupons on its
ARMs and hybrid ARMs (including RMBS secured by such collateral) and other floating rate securities to reset, although on a delayed
basis, to higher interest rates; (iv) prepayments on its residential mortgage investments and RMBS to slow, thereby slowing
the amortization of the Company's purchase premiums and the accretion of its purchase discounts; (v) a decrease in the Company's
mortgage banking origination volume and operating activities; (vi) the value of its interest rate swap agreements to increase;
and (vii) the value of its MSRs to increase. 

Conversely, decreases
in interest rates, in general, may, over time, cause: (i) prepayments on the Company's residential mortgage investments and
RMBS to increase, thereby accelerating the amortization of its purchase premiums and the accretion of its purchase discounts; (ii) the
interest expense associated with its borrowings to decrease; (iii) the value of its fixed-rate portfolio to increase; (iv) the
value of its interest rate swap agreements to decrease; (v) coupons on its ARMs and hybrid ARMs held for investment (including
RMBS secured by such collateral) and other floating rate securities to reset, although on a delayed basis, to lower interest rates;
(vi) an increase in the Company's mortgage banking origination volume and operating activities; and (vii) the value of
its MSRs to decrease. At September 30, 2016, 21.4% of the Company's performing mortgage loans held for investment, as measured
by fair value, consisted of mortgage loans with a variable interest rate component, including ARMs and hybrid ARMs. At September
30, 2016, 37.1% of the Company's RMBS assets, as measured by fair value, consisted of RMBS assets with a variable interest rate
component, including ARMs and hybrid ARMs. Additionally, at September 30, 2016, 100.0% of the Company's Other Investment Securities,
as measured by fair value, consisted of the FMSA Notes and FMRT Notes with a variable interest rate component. 

Prepayment Speeds  

Prepayment speeds on
residential mortgage loans, and therefore, RMBS and MSRs vary according to interest rates, the type of investment, conditions in
the financial markets, competition, defaults, foreclosures and other factors that cannot be predicted with any certainty. In general,
when interest rates rise, it is relatively less attractive for borrowers to refinance their mortgage loans and, as a result, prepayment
speeds tend to decrease. This can extend the period over which the Company earns interest income. When interest rates fall, prepayment
speeds on residential mortgage loans, and therefore, RMBS and MSRs tend to increase, thereby decreasing the period over which the
Company earns interest income. Additionally, other factors such as the credit rating of the borrower, the rate of home price appreciation
or depreciation, financial market conditions, foreclosures and lender competition, none of which can be predicted with any certainty,
may affect prepayment speeds on residential mortgage loans, RMBS and MSRs. 

Spreads on Non-Guaranteed Mortgage Loans Held for Investment
and Sale and Securities  

Since the financial
crisis that began in 2007, the spreads between swap rates and residential mortgage loans and non-Agency RMBS have been volatile.
Spreads on these assets initially moved wider due to the difficult credit conditions and have only recovered a portion of that
widening. As the prices of securitized assets declined, a number of investors and a number of structured investment vehicles faced
margin calls from dealers and were forced to sell assets in order to reduce leverage. The price volatility of these assets also
impacted lending terms in the repurchase market, as counterparties raised margin requirements to reflect the more difficult environment.
The spread between the yield on the Company's assets and its funding costs is an important factor in the performance of this aspect
of the Company's business. Wider spreads imply greater income on new asset purchases but may have a negative impact on the Company's
stated book value. Wider spreads generally negatively impact asset prices. In an environment where spreads are widening, counterparties
may require additional collateral to secure borrowings, which may require the Company to reduce leverage by selling assets. Conversely,
tighter spreads imply lower income on new asset purchases, but may have a positive impact on the Company's stated book value. Tighter
spreads generally have a positive impact on asset prices. In this case, the Company may be able to reduce the amount of collateral
required to secure borrowings. 

Mortgage Extension Risk  

The Advisor computes
the projected weighted-average life of the Company's investments based on assumptions regarding the rate at which the borrowers
will prepay the underlying mortgages and the rate at which defaults, foreclosures and recoveries will occur. In general, when the
Company originates or acquires a fixed-rate mortgage or hybrid ARM asset, the Company may, but is not required to, enter into an
interest rate swap agreement, MBS forward sales contract or other hedging instrument that effectively fixes the Company's borrowing
costs for a period close to the anticipated average life of the fixed-rate portion of the related assets. This strategy is designed
to protect the Company from rising interest rates, because the borrowing costs are effectively fixed for the duration of the fixed-rate
portion of the related RMBS. 

However, if prepayment
rates decrease in a rising interest rate environment, the life of the fixed-rate portion of the related assets could extend beyond
the term of the swap agreement or other hedging instrument. This could have a negative impact on the Company's consolidated results
of operations, as borrowing costs would no longer be fixed after the maturity or termination of hedging instruments while the income
earned on the assets would remain fixed. This situation may also cause the fair value of the Company's assets to decline, with
little or no offsetting gain from the related hedging transactions. In extreme situations, the Company may be forced to sell assets
to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause the Company to incur losses. 

In addition, the use
of this swap hedging strategy effectively limits increases in the Company's book value in a declining rate environment, due to
the effectively fixed nature of the Company's hedged borrowing costs. In an extreme rate decline, prepayment rates on the Company's
assets might actually result in certain of its assets being fully paid off while the corresponding swap or other hedge instrument
remains outstanding. In such a situation, the Company may be forced to liquidate the swap or other hedge instrument at a level
that causes it to incur a loss. 

Credit Risk  

The Company is subject
to credit risk in connection with its investments. Although the Company does not expect to encounter credit risk in its Agency
RMBS, if any, it does expect to encounter credit risk related to its non-Agency RMBS, mortgage loans and other target assets, including
assets it may originate or acquire. Increases in defaults and delinquencies will adversely impact the Company's operating results,
while declines in rates of default and delinquencies may improve the Company's operating results from this aspect of its business.
The Company is subject to counterparty risk under the FMSA Notes and FMRT Notes if Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae, respectively, is
unable to perform its obligations under the respective notes. 

Size of Investment Portfolio  

The size of the Company's
investment portfolio, as measured by the aggregate principal balance of its mortgage-related securities and the other assets the
Company owns, is a key driver of revenues and expenses. The amount of interest income the Company receives and the amount of interest
expense to finance these assets is generally dependent on the size of the investment portfolio. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use
of Estimates  

See
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2   -   Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies   included in Part I, Item 1   - 
  Financial Statements  included in this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q and  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Polices 
included in Part II, Item 8    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in the Company's report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for the Company's Critical Accounting Policies.  

Selected Financial Highlights  

A summary of the Company's
results for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 is below: 

Financial Overview  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015  

The Company reported
U.S. GAAP net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 of $4.2 million or $0.46 per diluted weighted average share
outstanding, compared with net loss of $6.7 million or $0.76 per diluted weighted average share outstanding for the same period
in 2015. 

The change was primarily
due to tightening credit spreads and lower interest rates which led to gains in the residential mortgage investment segment and
increased production and decreases in the value of the MSRs in the mortgage banking segment. In addition, the sale of the seasoned,
re-performing loans impacted the net interest margin. Specifically, the changes were: 

an increase of $12.0 million in other
gains/(losses) from a loss of $8.0 in the third quarter of 2015, to a gain of $4.0 million in the current year as a result of
the sale of the seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans which experienced an unrealized loss of $5.6 million in the prior year
quarter, with no comparable results in the current year, and tightening credit spreads and a decline in interest rates on the RMBS
portfolio which accounted for a $5.2 million increase;  and   

an
increase in non-interest income in the mortgage banking segment (net of increases in the related salaries, commissions and benefits
directly related to this income) of $5.8 million primarily due to an increase in income from loan originations and servicing of
$3.2 million; offset by an increase in related salaries, commissions and benefits of $2.1 million due to an increase in production
volume and a new GMFS branch in Plano, Texas, and a reduction in the fair value of the MSR portfolio that was $4.7 million lower
than the prior year quarter.    

offset by: 

a decrease in the net interest margin
of $4.9 million in the residential mortgage investment portfolio, primarily due to the sale of the seasoned, re-performing mortgage
loan portfolio on May 26, 2016;    

an increase in income tax expense of $2.1
million relating to the residential mortgage banking segment    

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015  

The Company reported
U.S. GAAP net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $0.3 million or $0.00 per diluted weighted average share outstanding,
compared with net income of $0.4 million or $0.05 per diluted weighted average share outstanding for the same period in 2015. 

The change was primarily due to: 

a decrease in net interest margin of $7.1 million in the residential mortgage investment portfolio, primarily due to the sale of the seasoned, re-performing mortgage loan portfolio on May 26, 2016;   

a decrease in net interest margin of $2.6
million related to the RMBS and Other Investment Securities portfolio primarily due to a reduction in the unpaid principle balances
resulting from scheduled principal payments and sales of RMBS with an unpaid principal balance of $23.3 million during the
twelve months ended September 30, 2016;    

an increase in other expenses of $3.6
million primarily due to transaction costs related to the pending Mergers; and    

a decrease in non-interest income
                                                                                                              in                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                              mortgage
                                                                                                              banking segment (net of increases in salaries, commissions and benefits directly related to this income) of $5.9
                                                                                                              million, while there was an increase in income from loan origination and servicing of $8.0 million; offset
                                                                                                              by                                                                                                               an
                                                                                                              increase in
                                                                                                              related salaries, commissions and benefits of $4.1 million due to an increase in production volume and a new GMFS
                                                                                                              branch in Plano, Texas, and a reduction of the fair value of the MSR portfolio that was
                                                                                                              $9.8                                                                                                               million
                                                                                                              more than the prior year quarter.    

offset by: 

an increase in other gains of $15.2
                                                                                                              million primarily as a result of changes in both unrealized and realized gains and losses related to the residential mortgage
                                                                                                              investments due to the sale of the seasoned, re-performing mortgage loan portfolio and changes in interest rates on the RMBS
                                                                                                              portfolio;    

a decrease in operating expenses of $1.2
million primarily due to a reduction in certain professional fees and other operating expenses; and    

a decrease in income tax expense of $2.3
million relating to the mortgage banking segment.    

GMFS  

Highlights of the GMFS
operating activity (which is included in the Company s residential mortgage banking segment) for the three months ended September
30, 2016 are as follows: 

(1)   Excludes reverse mortgages and was obtained from GMFS
loan origination system. 

(2)   See definition of Core Earnings in the  Non-U.S.
GAAP Financial Measures  section included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

(3)   Income before income taxes is a non-U.S. GAAP measure.
This excludes operating and other expenses and income taxes incurred in the residential mortgage banking segment by ZFC Honeybee
TRS, LLC, the parent company of GMFS. The Company believes that providing investors with income before income taxes for the GMFS
operations in addition to the related U.S. GAAP measures, gives investors greater transparency to the information used by management
in its financial and operational decision-making. 

The following table is a
reconciliation of the net income of the Company s residential mortgage banking segment reported in accordance with
U.S. GAAP to the income before income taxes of GMFS-non-U.S. GAAP for the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

(dollars in   millions)     
 
     Net income of the Company s residential mortgage banking segment   U.S. GAAP    
     $  2.8     
 
      Add back expenses incurred by the ZFC Honeybee TRS, LLC:    

Advisory fee   related party    
        0.1     
 
     Amortization of deferred premiums, production and profitability earn-outs included in salaries, commission and benefits    
        0.2     
 
     Operating expenses (including change in contingent consideration)    
        0.6     
 
     Other expenses    
        0.2     
 
     Income tax expense    
        1.8     
 
     Income before income taxes of GMFS   non-U.S. GAAP (1)     
     $  5.7     

(1)   Income before income taxes is a non-U.S. GAAP measure.
This excludes operating and other expenses and income taxes incurred in the residential mortgage banking segment by ZFC Honeybee
TRS, LLC, the parent company of GMFS. The Company believes that providing investors with income before income taxes for the GMFS
operations in addition to the related U.S. GAAP measures, gives investors greater transparency to the information used by management
in its financial and operational decision-making. 

Highlights of the GMFS
MSRs at September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

MSRs    

Unpaid principal balance    
     $   5.1 billion     
 
     Fair market value    
     $   50.2
                                       million     
 
     Percentage of unpaid principal balance serviced:    

Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac securitizations    
        66.4  %  
 
     Ginnie Mae securitizations    
        33.6  %  

Weighted average gross coupon    
        3.9  %  

Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures  

The Company believes
that providing investors with Core Earnings, a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure, in addition to the related U.S. GAAP measures,
gives investors greater transparency to the information used by management in its financial and operational decision-making. The
Company defines Core Earnings as net interest income, plus non-interest income from its mortgage banking platform (excluding the
after tax change in fair value of MSRs resulting from changes in values of market related inputs or assumptions used in a valuation
model) less total operating expenses (excluding the after tax effect of depreciation and amortization, changes in contingent consideration,
amortization of deferred premiums, production and profitability earn-outs and certain non-recurring adjustments) plus/(less) the
income tax benefit(expense) related to the Company's taxable REIT subsidiaries using the applicable effective tax rate for the
period. The Company's mortgage banking platform is primarily comprised of income related to originating, selling, and servicing
mortgage loans. 

Core Earnings is an
incomplete measure of the Company's financial performance and involves differences from net income computed in accordance with
U.S. GAAP, therefore it should be considered along with, but not as an alternative to, the Company's net income computed in accordance
with U.S. GAAP as a measure of the Company's financial performance. In addition, because not all companies use identical calculations,
the Company's presentation of Core Earnings may not be comparable to other similarly-titled measures of other companies. 

The following table
reconciles net income / (loss) computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP to Core Earnings for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

Core Earnings was
$(0.03) million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $4.8 million for the three months ended September 30,
2015. The decrease in Core Earnings was primarily due to  a decrease in
net interest margin in the residential mortgage investment portfolio of $4.9 million primarily due to the sale of the seasoned,
re-performing mortgage loan portfolio on May 26, 2016; and  

Core Earnings was $(0.7) million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $12.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in Core
Earnings was primarily due to: 

a decrease in net interest margin
                                                                                                              in                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                              residential mortgage investment portfolio of $7.1 million primarily due to the sale of the seasoned, re-performing
                                                                                                              mortgage loan portfolio on May 26, 2016;    

a decrease in net interest margin of $2.6 million related to the RMBS and
Other Investment Securities portfolio primarily due to a reduction in the unpaid principle balances resulting from scheduled principal
payments and sales of RMBS with an unpaid principal balance of $23.3 million during the twelve months ended September 30,
2016;  

an increase in other expenses of
                                                                                                              $3.6                                                                                                               million
                                                                                                              primarily due to transaction costs related to the pending Mergers, and    

a decrease of $0.9 million relating
                                                                                                              to the
                                                                                                              Company s residential mortgage banking segment primarily due to an increase in income from loan originations and
                                                                                                              servicing of $8.0 million, offset by an increase in MSR payoffs of $3.4 million, an increase in salaries, commissions and
                                                                                                              benefits of $4.1 million and an increase in income tax  expense $1.4 million.    

offset by: 

a reduction in operating expenses of $1.0
million primarily due to a reduction in certain professional fees and other operating expenses.    

The change in the Company s book value from June 30, 2016
to September 30, 2016 was as follows: 

Investment activity during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015  

Mortgage Loans Held for Investment,
at Fair Value and Held for Sale Previously Held for Investment, at Fair Value  

These mortgage loans
consist of (i) loans which were distressed and re-performing and showed evidence of credit deterioration at the time of purchase
and (ii) newly originated at the time of purchase. 

Distressed and re-performing loans at
the time of purchase  

The Company did not
acquire any mortgage loans held for investment which showed evidence of credit deterioration at the time of purchase during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

During the three months
ended March 31, 2016, the Company decided it no longer intended to hold its seasoned and re-performing mortgage loan portfolio
which were held as loans held for investment, at fair value at December 31, 2015 for the foreseeable future and reclassified this
portfolio to mortgage loans held for sale previously held for investment, at fair value. 

On May 26, 2016, the
Company entered into a contract providing for and completed the sale of its seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans, including REO,
with an unpaid principal balance of $430.7 million, including $27.0 million of non-interest bearing unpaid principal balance which
had a carrying value of zero in the Company s consolidated balance sheets at March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The sale
price was determined as a sum of (i) a percentage of the unpaid principal balance of the loans sold, (ii) accrued interest and
(iii) outstanding, recoverable servicing advances. 

The Company used $267.2
million of the proceeds from the sale to repay the outstanding balance under the Citi Loan Repurchase Facility, which was used
to finance the purchase of such loans. 

The following tables
present additional information about the sale of the Company s mortgage loans held for sale previously held for investment
and REO which occurred on May 26, 2016: 

The Company did not
sell any mortgage loans held for investment during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The Company has elected
the fair value option pursuant to ASC 825 for these mortgage loans held for investment. The Company recorded the following as change
in unrealized gain or loss on mortgage loans held for investment and held for sale previously held for investment in the condensed
consolidated statements of operations: 

Newly
originated loans at the time of purchase  

During the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company's acquisition of mortgage loans held for investment, which were newly originated
at the time of purchase and sourced through its loan purchase program was as follows: 

The Company did not
sell any mortgage loans held for investment which were newly originated at the time of purchase during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016. 

The following table
sets forth certain information regarding the Company's mortgage loans held for investment at September 30, 2016 which were newly
originated at the time of purchase and sourced through its loan purchase program: 

September 30, 2016  

(1)  The Company has elected the fair value option pursuant to ASC 825 for these mortgage loans held for investment. The Company
recorded the following as change in unrealized gain or loss on mortgage loans held for investment and held for sale previously
held for investment in the condensed consolidated statements of operations:   

Mortgage Loans Held for Sale, at Fair Value  

The Company s
mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value consists of loans originated by its residential mortgage banking platform. 

For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the Company's mortgage loans held for sale activity was as follows: 

Gain on sale, net,
includes (i) gains and losses from the sale of mortgage loans held for sale and are recognized based upon the difference between
the sales proceeds and carrying value of the related loans upon sale and (ii) the unrealized gains and losses associated with the
mortgage loans held for sale. 

The following table
sets forth certain information regarding the Company s mortgage loans held for sale at September 30, 2016: 

RMBS and Other Investment Securities  

The Company s
RMBS consist of RMBS that are not issued or guaranteed by a federally chartered corporation, such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or
an agency of the U.S. Government, such as Ginnie Mae, with an emphasis on securities that, when originally issued, were rated in
the highest rating category by one or more of the nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. 

Other Investment Securities
consist of the FMRT Notes and the FMSA Notes at September 30, 2016. 

During the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no purchases of RMBS or Other Investment Securities and there were no sales of
Other Investment Securities. The Company did not sell any non-Agency RMBS during the three months ended September 30, 2016. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company sold non-Agency RMBS with a principal balance of $19.4 million. 

The following tables
present certain information regarding the Company's non-Agency RMBS and Other Investment Securities at September 30, 2016: 

At September 30, 2016,
Alternative-A non-Agency RMBS includes an IO with a notional balance of $24.5 million, respectively. 

(1)   See  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
- Other Investment Securities  included in Part I, Item 1    Financial Statements  in this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q.   

(2)   The Company has elected the fair value option pursuant to ASC 825 for real estate securities and Other Investment Securities.
The Company recorded the changes in unrealized gain or loss in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.   

MSRs  

The Company's MSRs
consist of conforming conventional loans sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac or loans securitized in Ginnie Mae securities. The
government loans serviced by the Company are securitized through Ginnie Mae, whereby the Company is insured against losses by the
FHA or partially guaranteed against loss by the VA. 

The MSRs activity for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

(1)  Included in change in fair value of MSRs in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations.   

(2)  Primarily reflects changes in values of prepayment assumptions due to changes in interest rates.   

(3)  Represents change in value primarily due to passage of time, including the impact from both regularly scheduled loan principal
payments and loans that were paid off or paid down during the period.   

The Company's MSR portfolio
at September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

The following analysis focuses on
the results generated during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   

Net Interest Income  

The Company s
interest income is comprised of interest income generated from the Company s mortgage loans held for investment, mortgage
loans held for sale previously held for investment, mortgage loans held for sale, non-Agency RMBS and Other Investment Securities.
The Company s interest expense is related to the Company s warehouse lines of credit, treasury securities repurchase
agreements, the Loan Repurchase Facilities, securities repurchase agreements and the Exchangeable Senior Notes. 

The Company s
net interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was as follows: 

The decrease in interest
income was due to (i) a decrease in interest income of $6.0 million related to mortgage loans held for investment and held for
sale previously held for investment primarily due to the sale of the seasoned, re-performing mortgage loan portfolio on May 26,
2016 and (ii) a decrease in interest income of $0.9 million related to RMBS primarily due to sales of RMBS with an unpaid principal
balance of $23.3 million during the twelve month period ended September 30, 2016 as well as a reduction in the unpaid principal
amounts resulting from scheduled principal payments; a decrease in interest income from Other Investment Securities of $0.03 million;
offset by an increase in interest income from mortgage loans held for sale of $0.3 million. 

The decrease in interest
expense was due to a decrease in interest expense of $2.1 million related to a decrease in borrowings on the Company s Loan
Repurchase Facilities used to finance the Company s residential mortgage loans held for investment and held for sale previously
held for investment primarily due to the sale of the Company s seasoned, re-performing mortgage loan portfolio on May 26,
2016 and termination of the Citi Loan Repurchase Facility used to finance such loans; offset by an increase in interest expense
of $0.4 million related to the Company s warehouse lines of credit used to fund mortgage loans held for sale in the Company s
residential mortgage banking segment, an increase of $0.07 million related to the Company s treasury securities repurchase
agreements and an increase of $0.03 million related to the Exchangeable Senior Notes. 

The decrease in interest
income was due to (i) a decrease in interest income of $9.8 million related to mortgage loans held for investment and held for
sale previously held for investment primarily due to the sale of the seasoned, re-performing mortgage loan portfolio on May 26,
2016 and (ii) a decrease in interest income of $3.0 million related to RMBS primarily due to sales of RMBS with an unpaid principal
balance of $23.3 million during the twelve month period ended September 30, 2016 as well as a reduction in the unpaid principal
balances resulting from scheduled principal payments; offset by an increase in interest income from Other Investment Securities
of $0.3 million and an increase in interest income from mortgage loans held for sale $0.6 million. 

The decrease in interest
expense was due to a decrease in interest expense $2.7 million related to a decrease in borrowings on the Company s Loan
Repurchase Facilities used to finance the Company s residential mortgage loans held for investment and held for sale previously
held for investment primarily due to the sale of the Company s seasoned, re-performing mortgage loan portfolio on May 26,
2016 and termination of the Citi Loan Repurchase Facility used to finance such loans; and a decrease in interest expense of $0.2
million related to related to reduced borrowings on the Company s securities repurchase agreements as a result of RMBS sales
during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, offset by an increase in interest expense of $0.5 million related to the Company s
warehouse lines of credit used to fund mortgage loans held for sale in the Company s residential mortgage banking segment,
an increase of $0.1 million related to the Company s treasury securities repurchase agreements and an increase of $0.1 million
related to the Exchangeable Senior Notes. 

Net interest income
is subject to interest rate risk. See Item 3,  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk,  of this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for more information relating to interest rate risk and its impact on the Company s operating
results. 

The weighted average
net interest spreads between the yield on the Company s assets (based on amortized cost) and the cost of funds, including
the impact of interest rate hedging, for the Company s non-Agency RMBS and Other Investment Securities at September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015 were as follows: 

The Company s
net interest income is also impacted by prepayment speeds, as measured by the weighted average CPR on its assets. The three-month
average and the six-month average CPR for the period ended September 30, 2016 for the Company s mortgage loans, non-Agency
RMBS and Other Investment Securities were as follows: 

(1)  CPR includes both voluntary and involuntary amounts.   

Non-interest income  

The Company s
non-interest income relates to the Company s residential mortgage banking segment. The primary components of the Company s
non-interest income are its mortgage banking activities, net, loan servicing income, net of direct costs and change in fair value
of MSRs. 

For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 the Company s non-interest income included the following: 

(1)  Includes the change in fair value related to interest rate lock commitments ( IRLCs ) and MBS forward sales contracts
held during the period.   

The increase in loan
servicing fee income, net of direct costs, is due to an increase in the unpaid principal balance of the MSR portfolio. 

Expenses  

Advisory Fee Expense
(Related Party) . Pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company incurred advisory fee expense and
loan sourcing fees of $0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $0.8 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. The decrease of $0.04 million is due to a decrease in loan sourcing fees related to the purchases of mortgage loans that
were newly originated at the time of purchase. The Company did not purchase any loans during the three months ended September 30,
2016. 

The Company incurred
advisory fee expense and loan sourcing fees of $2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $2.2 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $0.07 million is due to an increase in loan sourcing fees related to the
purchases of loans that were newly originated at the time of purchase. 

Salaries, commissions
and benefits . These expenses are directly attributable to the mortgage banking operations of GMFS. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred salaries, commissions and benefits of $9.8 million as compared to $7.7 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $2.1 million is primarily due to the opening of a new GMFS branch office
in Plano, Texas in the later part of 2015 and higher commission expense resulting from higher origination volume. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred salaries, commissions and benefits of $27.2 million as compared to $23.2 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $4.0 million is primarily due to the opening of a new GMFS branch
office in Plano, Texas in the later part of 2015 and higher commission expense resulting from higher origination volume. 

Operating Expenses  

Professional Fees .
For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred professional fees (primarily related to legal fees, audit fees
and consulting fees) of $0.8 million as compared to $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in
professional fees was primarily due to a decrease in legal and audit fees. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred professional fees (primarily related to legal fees, audit fees and consulting fees)
of $2.2 million as compared to $3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in professional fees was
primarily due to a decrease in legal and audit fees. 

General and Administrative
Expense . For the three months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative expenses were $2.6 million as compared to
$2.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due
to an increase in contingent consideration expense of $0.3 million related to the acquisition of GMFS. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative expenses were $6.9 million as compared to $7.4 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to a decrease in franchise and
licensing fees of $0.2 million and a decrease in contingent consideration expense of $0.2 million related to the acquisition of
GMFS. 

Other Expenses  

Loan Servicing Fees .
For the three months ended September 30, 2016, loan servicing fees were $1,000, as compared to $0.7 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to the sale of the Company s seasoned, re-performing mortgage loan
portfolio on May 26, 2016. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, loan servicing fees were $1.3 million, as compared to $2.2 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. The decrease was due to the sale of the Company s seasoned, re-performing mortgage loan portfolio on May 26, 2016. 

Transaction Costs .
For the three months ended September 30, 2016, transaction costs were $0.7 million as compared to less than $0.1 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in transaction costs was due to the pending Mergers. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, transaction costs were $4.7 million as compared to $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The increase in transaction costs was due to the pending Mergers. 

Amortization Expense. 
Amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $0.2 million. The amortization expense
is related to the Company s intangible assets. There were no other changes in the balance of the intangible assets. 

Amortization expense
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $0.7 million. The amortization expense is related to the
Company s intangible assets. There were no other changes in the balance of the intangible assets. 

Realized and Change in Unrealized Gain
or Loss  

The following amounts
related to realized gains and losses, as well as changes in the fair value of the Company s investment portfolio, which consists
of mortgage loans, RMBS, Other Investment Securities, REO and derivative instruments, are included in the Company s condensed
consolidated statements of operations: 

There was no other
than temporary impairment for RMBS for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

The Company s
interest rate swap agreements have not been designated as hedging instruments under U.S. GAAP. 

Gain/(loss) on derivative
instruments includes the change in fair value related to the following instruments for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: (i) interest rate swap agreements (ii) loan purchase commitments ( LPCs ) and (iii)
the conversion option related to the Exchangeable Senior Notes. The loss on derivative instruments also includes the net interest
rate swap payments for the interest rate swap agreements. 

The Company has elected
to record the change in fair value related to certain mortgage loans held for investment, mortgage loans held for sale, RMBS, Other
Investment Securities and MSRs in earnings by electing the fair value option. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Liquidity is a measure
of the Company's ability to turn non-cash assets into cash and to meet potential cash requirements. The Company uses cash to purchase
assets, pay dividends, repay principal and interest on its borrowings, fund its operations and meet other general business needs.
Additionally, the Company will use cash to fund the Tender Offer of approximately $64.3 million in connection with the pending
Mergers. The Company's primary sources of liquidity are its existing cash balances, borrowings under warehouse lines of credit
and repurchase agreements related to the GMFS origination platform, securities repurchase agreements, treasury securities repurchase
agreements, the net proceeds from offerings of equity and debt securities, notes issued by the Operating Partnership, net cash
provided by operating activities, additional private funding sources, including other borrowings structured as repurchase agreements,
securitizations, term financings and derivative agreements, and future issuances of common equity, preferred equity, convertible
securities, exchangeable notes, trust preferred and/or debt securities. 

On May 26, 2016, in
connection with the sale of the Company's seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans, including REO, the Company terminated the Citi
Loan Repurchase Facility which was used to finance the purchase of such loans. 

On September 30, 2016,
the terms of the Credit Suisse Loan Repurchase Facility were amended to extend the maturity date to November 11, 2016 and reduce
the total facility size from $36.0 million to $15.0 million. Additionally, the Company no longer has any amounts committed by the
lender under this agreement. In connection with the amendment, the Company paid down the unpaid principal balance to $15.0 million. 

The Company used borrowings
from its Loan Repurchase Facilities, master securities repurchase agreements and the Exchangeable Senior Notes to fund the purchase
of its mortgage loans held for investment and RMBS. The borrowings from the treasury securities repurchase agreements were used
to fund the purchase of the Company s treasury securities. GMFS funds its operations with its operating cash and warehouse
lines of credit and does not rely on the operations of the Company s residential mortgage investments segment or corporate
activities for funding. 

The Credit Suisse Loan
Repurchase Facility contains and the Citi Loan Repurchase Facility contained covenants that include certain financial requirements,
including maintenance of minimum liquidity, minimum tangible net worth and maximum debt to net worth ratio, as defined in the agreements.
Additionally, the repurchase agreements and warehouse lines of credit used to finance the Company s mortgages held for sale
contain covenants that include certain financial requirements, including maintenance of minimum liquidity, minimum tangible net
worth, maximum debt to net worth ratio and current ratio and limitations on capital expenditures, indebtedness, distributions,
transactions with affiliates and maintenance of positive net income, as defined in the agreements. The Company was in compliance
with all significant debt covenants for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 and at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Under the repurchase agreements, the Company
may be required to pledge additional assets to its counterparties (lenders) in the event that the fair value of the existing pledged
collateral under such agreements declines and such lenders demand additional collateral, which may take the form of additional
assets or cash. Generally, the Company's repurchase agreements contain a LIBOR-based financing rate, term and haircuts depending
on the types of collateral and the counterparties involved. Further, at September 30, 2016 the range of haircut provisions associated
with the Company's repurchase agreements was 62% for pledged trust certificates, representing interests in residential mortgage
loans (the  Trust Certificates ), 15% to 35% for pledged non-Agency RMBS, 23% to 30% for pledged Other Investment Securities
and 0% and 5% for pledged mortgage loans held for sale. 

If the fair value of
the assets increases due to changes in market interest rates or market factors, lenders may release collateral back to the Company.
Conversely, margin calls may result from a decline in the value of the investments securing the Company's repurchase agreements,
prepayments on the mortgages securing such investments and from changes in the fair value of such investments generally due to
principal reduction of such investments from scheduled amortization and resulting from changes in market interest rates and other
market factors. Counterparties also may choose to increase haircuts and lower the advance rate based on credit evaluations of the
Company and/or the performance of the assets in question. Historically disruptions in the financial and credit markets have resulted
in increased volatility in these levels, and this volatility could persist as market conditions continue to change rapidly. Should
prepayment speeds on the mortgages underlying the Company's investments or market interest rates suddenly increase, margin calls
on the Company's repurchase agreements could result, causing an adverse change in its liquidity position. To date, the Company
has satisfied all of its margin calls and has never sold assets in response to any margin call under these borrowings. 

The decision to enter
a plan of merger resulted from a strategic review of the company which began during the fourth quarter of 2015. As a result of
that review, in order to reduce market risk in its investment portfolio, prior to entering into the Sutherland Merger Agreement,
the Company had begun the process of selling its seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans from its residential mortgage investments
segment. The Sutherland Merger Agreement requires the Company to complete the sale of its seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans
as a condition to closing of the Mergers. On May 26, 2016, the Company entered into a contract providing for and completed the
sale of its seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans, including REO, with an unpaid principal balance of $430.7 million to CGMRC
for $362.0 million. The unpaid principal balance included $27.0 million of non-interest bearing unpaid principal balance which
had a carrying value of zero in the Company s consolidated balance sheets at March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The net
proceeds from the sale was $94.6 million after the repayment of the outstanding balance under the Citi Loan Repurchase Facility,
which was used to finance the purchase of such loans and was terminated in connection with such sale. The sale of these loans has
resulted in a reduction of the Company s investment income. 

Warehouse Lines of Credit  

The borrowings GMFS
used to fund its origination platform totaled $125.7 million at September 30, 2016 which included borrowings under master repurchase
agreements with two lenders totaling $41.5 million and warehouse lines of credit with two counterparties totaling $84.2 million.
Total available borrowings under the master repurchase agreements and the warehouse lines of credit were increased from $185.0
million at June 30, 2016 to $200.0 million at September 30, 2016. The master repurchase agreements are comprised of (i) an agreement
in aggregate principal amount of up to $65.0 million, of which the entire $65.0 million is committed, expiring on November 25,
2016 and (ii) an agreement in aggregate principal amount of up to $25.0 million, of which the entire $25.0 million is committed,
expiring on September 30, 2017. The committed warehouse lines of credit are comprised of (i) a $70.0 million agreement expiring
on October 31, 2016 and (ii) a $40.0 million agreement expiring on August 12, 2017. The lines are collateralized by the underlying
mortgages and related documents and instruments and contain a LIBOR-based financing rate and term, haircut and collateral posting
provisions which depend on the types of collateral and the counterparties involved. 

On October 3, 2016
the Company amended one of its warehouse lines of credit used by its GMFS mortgage banking platform which was due to expire on
October 31, 2016 to increase the capacity to $75.0 million and extend the maturity date to September 29, 2017. 

The following tables
present certain information regarding the Company's warehouse lines of credit and repurchase agreements in its residential mortgage
banking segment at September 30, 2016: 

The warehouse lines
of credit and repurchase agreements are secured by the Company s mortgage loans held for sale and bear interest at a rate
that has historically moved in close relationship to LIBOR. At September 30, 2016, GMFS had $132.0 million of mortgage loans held
for sale pledged against its borrowings under the repurchase agreements and warehouse lines of credit. 

The Company expects
to renew the warehouse lines of credit and repurchase agreements at similar terms in the ordinary course of business as the facilities
mature. 

Treasury Securities Repurchase Agreements  

The Company purchased
U.S Treasury bills during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The following table presents certain information regarding
the Company s non-interest bearing treasury securities at September 30, 2016: 

The treasury securities
are non-interest bearing. 

In connection with
the purchase of these securities, the Company has two repurchase agreements with one counterparty. The following table presents
certain information regarding the Company s treasury securities repurchase agreements at September 30, 2016: 

Loan Repurchase Facilities  

The following table
presents certain information at September 30, 2016 with respect to the Credit Suisse loan Repurchase Facility used to fund the
purchase of mortgage loans held for investment in its residential mortgage investments segment which were newly originated at the
time of purchase. 

(dollars in
    thousands)     
 
     Fair value of Trust Certificates pledged as collateral    
     $  35,615     
 
     Cash pledged as collateral    

On September 30, 2016 the terms of the Credit
Suisse Loan Repurchase Facility were amended to extend the maturity date to November 11, 2016 and reduce the total facility size
from $36.0 million to $15.0 million. Additionally, the Company no longer has any amounts committed by the lender under the agreement.
In connection with the amendment the Company paid down the unpaid principal balance to $15.0 million. 

The obligation is fully guaranteed by the
Company and bears interest at a rate that has historically moved in close relationship to LIBOR.    

On May 26, 2016, in
connection with the sale of the Company's seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans, including REO, the Company terminated the Citi
Loan Repurchase Facility which was used to finance the purchase of such loans. 

Securities Repurchase Agreements  

The following tables
present certain information at September 30, 2016 with respect to the Company s securities repurchase agreements used to
fund the purchase of RMBS and Other Investment Securities in its residential mortgage investments segment: 

(dollars in
    thousands)     
 
     Repurchase agreements    
        33     
 
     Counterparties    
        4     
 
     Fair value of non-Agency RMBS pledged as collateral    
     $  82,687     
 
     Fair value of Other Investment Securities pledged as collateral    
     $  11,023     
 
     Cash pledged as collateral    
     $  1,560     

The securities repurchase
agreements bear interest at rates that have historically moved in close relationship to LIBOR. 

The Company's borrowings
under repurchase agreements are renewable at the discretion of its lenders and, as such, the Company's ability to roll-over such
borrowings is not guaranteed. The terms of the repurchase transaction borrowings under the Company's repurchase agreements generally
conform to the terms in the standard master repurchase agreement as published by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets
Association, as to repayment, margin requirements and the segregation of all assets the Company has initially sold under the repurchase
transaction. In addition, each lender typically requires that the Company include supplemental terms and conditions to the standard
master repurchase agreement. Typical supplemental terms and conditions, which differ by lender, may include changes to the margin
maintenance requirements, required haircuts and purchase price maintenance requirements, requirements that all controversies related
to the repurchase agreement be litigated in a particular jurisdiction, and cross default and setoff provisions. 

Collateralized Borrowings Under Repurchase
Agreements  

The following table
presents the amount of collateralized borrowings outstanding under repurchase agreements as of the end of each quarter during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the average amount of collateralized borrowings outstanding under repurchase agreements during
the quarter and the highest balance of any month end during the quarter: 

The net decrease in the outstanding balance
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily due to: 

the pay-off and termination of the Citi Loan Repurchase Facility in connection with the sale of the Company s seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans on May 26, 2016. The Citi Loan Repurchase Facility was used to finance the purchase of such loans and had an outstanding balance of $279.5 million at December 31, 2015;   

an increase of $70.0 million due to the acquisition of treasury securities; and   

net repayments on the (i) Credit Suisse Loan Repurchase Facility related to the Company's mortgage loans held for investment; and (ii) the Company s repurchase agreements relating to its RMBS and Other Investment Securities in the ordinary course of business.   

Exchangeable Senior Notes  

On November 25,
2013, the Operating Partnership issued the Exchangeable Senior Notes, which may be exchanged for shares of the Company's common
stock or, to the extent necessary to satisfy NYSE listing requirements, cash, at the applicable exchange rate at any time prior
to the close of business on the scheduled trading day prior to November 15, 2016 (the  Maturity Date ). The Company
may not elect to issue shares of common stock upon exchange of the Exchangeable Senior Notes to the extent such election would
result in the issuance of 20% or more of the common stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of the Exchangeable Senior
Notes (or 1,779,560 or more shares). The initial exchange rate for each $1,000 aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Senior
Notes was 52.5417 shares of common stock, equivalent to an exchange price of approximately $19.03 per share, representing
an approximate 15% premium to the last reported sale price of the common stock on November 19, 2013 (the date of the initial
sale of the Exchangeable Senior Notes), which was $16.55 per share. The exchange rate will be subject to adjustment for certain
events, including for regular quarterly dividends in excess of $0.50 per share, but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid
interest. In addition, if certain corporate events occur prior to the Maturity Date, the exchange rate will be increased but will
in no event exceed 60.4229 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the Exchangeable Senior Notes due in 2016.
The exchange rate was adjusted on December 27, 2013 to 54.3103 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of
Exchangeable Senior Notes pursuant to the Company's special dividend of $0.55 per common share and OP unit declared on December 19,
2013. Pursuant to a registration rights agreement, the Company agreed to file with the SEC within 120 days from the issue
date, and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause to become effective within 180 days, a shelf registration statement
with respect to the resales of the Company's common stock that may be issued upon exchange of the Exchangeable Senior Notes. The
Company filed this shelf registration statement with the SEC on March 14, 2014, and the SEC declared it effective on May 23,
2014. If the Company fails to comply with certain of its obligations under the registration rights agreement, the Company will
be required to pay liquidated damages to holders of the Exchangeable Senior Notes. The Company will increase the exchange rate
by 3% for holders that exchange the Exchangeable Senior Notes when a registration default exists with respect to shares of the
Company's common stock. Additionally, the exchange rate will be adjusted at the close of business on the 10th trading day immediately
following, and including, the trading day next succeeding Tender Offer Expiration Date if the Company makes a payment in respect
of the Tender Offer to the extent that the cash included in the payment per share of common stock exceeds the average of the last
reported sale price of the common stock over the 10 consecutive trading day period commencing on, and including, the trading day
next succeeding the last date on which tenders may be made pursuant to the Tender Offer. 

At September 30, 2016
and at December 31, 2015, the Company had Exchangeable Senior Notes outstanding totaling $57.5 million of aggregate principal balance
which matures on the Maturity Date. The Exchangeable Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.0% per year payable semiannually
in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on May 15, 2014. The effective interest rate of the Exchangeable Senior
Notes, which is equal to the stated rate of 8.0% plus the amortization of the original issue discount and associated costs, is
10.2 %. 

The Exchangeable Senior
Notes will mature on the Maturity Date, unless previously exchanged or repurchased in accordance with their terms. If the Company
undergoes certain corporate events, that constitute a  fundamental change,  the holders of the Exchangeable Senior Notes
may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of their Exchangeable Senior Notes at a repurchase price equal to 100%
of the principal amount of the Exchangeable Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding,
the fundamental change repurchase date. If the Mergers do not close, the Company intends to settle the obligation with its cash
balances. 

For additional information
related to the Exchangeable Senior Notes, see  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 8.0% Exchangeable
Senior Notes due 2016.  

Derivative Instruments  

Residential Mortgage Investments Segment  

At September 30, 2016
the Company had outstanding interest rate swap agreements designed to mitigate the effects of increases in interest rates under
a portion of its repurchase agreements. These interest rate swap agreements provide for the Company to pay fixed interest rates
and receive floating interest rates indexed to LIBOR. The swap agreements effectively fixed the floating interest rates on a portion
of the borrowings under the Company s repurchase agreements. 

The following table
presents information about the Company's interest rate swap agreements at September 30, 2016: 

At September 30, 2016,
the Company also had outstanding IRLCs and MBS forward sales contracts in its residential mortgage banking segment. 

The Company had no
exposure to TBA contracts at any time during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.    

Residential Mortgage Banking Segment  

The Company enters
into IRLCs to originate residential mortgage loans held for sale, at specified interest rates and within a specified period of
time (generally between 30 and 90 days), with customers who have applied for a loan and meet certain credit and underwriting criteria. 

The Company manages
the interest rate price risk associated with its outstanding IRLCs and mortgage loans held for sale by entering into derivative
instruments such as MBS forward sales contracts. The Company expects these derivatives will experience changes in fair value opposite
to changes in the fair value of the IRLCs and mortgage loans held for sale, thereby reducing earnings volatility. The Company takes
into account various factors and strategies in determining the portion of the IRLCs and mortgage loans held for sale it wants to
economically hedge. 

The following table
summarizes information related to the Company s IRLCs and MBS forward sales contracts at September 30, 2016: 

Non-hedge derivatives   

The notional amount is not representative
of the maximum exposure to the Company. 

See  Note to Consolidated
Financial Statements, Note 24   Offsetting Assets and Liabilities  included in Item 1,  Financial Statements 
in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for discussion about the Company s master netting arrangements. 

Leverage Ratio  

At September 30, 2016,
the Company had a leverage ratio of 2.02x. The leverage ratio is the ratio of the warehouse lines of credit, treasury securities
repurchase agreements, Credit Suisse Loan Repurchase Facility, securities repurchase agreements and Exchangeable Senior Notes (including
the conversion option which is part of the notes) to the Company s stockholders equity. 

Restricted Cash  

The Company maintains
certain assets, which, from time to time, may include cash, unpledged mortgage loans, non-Agency RMBS and Other Investment Securities
(which may be subject to various haircuts if pledged as collateral to meet margin requirements) and collateral in excess of margin
requirements held by the Company's counterparties (collectively, the  Cushion ) to meet routine margin calls and protect
against unforeseen reductions in the Company's borrowing capabilities. The Company's ability to meet future margin calls will be
impacted by the Cushion, which varies based on the fair value of its assets, its cash position and margin requirements. The Company's
cash position fluctuates based on the timing of its operating, investing and financing activities and is managed based on the Company's
anticipated cash needs. At September 30, 2016, the Company had a Cushion of $93.7 million in addition to certain reserves held
with respect to the Credit Suisse Loan Repurchase Facility. The Company's calculation of its Cushion excludes cash and mortgage
loans held for sale related to GMFS's operations. 

At September 30, 2016,
the Company had a total of $4.2 million of restricted cash pledged against its interest rate swaps, repurchase agreements related
to its mortgage loans held for investment and RMBS portfolios. 

The Company believes
these identified sources of liquidity will be adequate for purposes of meeting its short-term (within one year) liquidity and long-term
liquidity needs. However, the Company's ability to meet its long-term liquidity and capital resource requirements may require additional
financing. 

The Company's short-term
and long-term liquidity needs include funding future investments and operating costs. In addition, to qualify as a REIT, the Company
must distribute annually at least 90% of its net taxable income, excluding net capital gains. These distribution requirements limit
the Company's ability to retain earnings and thereby replenish or increase capital for operations. 

Acquisition of GMFS   

Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement the Company merged with and into GMFS, with GMFS surviving the merger as an indirect subsidiary of the Company (see Item
1,  Business,  of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K). The transaction closed on October 31, 2014.
The final purchase price was approximately $61.2 million which was comprised of (i) the fair market value of GMFS's MSR
portfolio, (ii) the fair market value of GMFS's net tangible assets and (iii) a purchase price premium. In addition to
cash paid at closing, the total consideration included two contingent $1 million deferred premium payments payable in cash
over two years, plus the Production and Profitability Earn-Out. The $2 million of deferred premium payments is contingent
on GMFS remaining profitable and retaining certain key employees. The Production and Profitability Earn-Out is dependent on GMFS
achieving certain profitability and loan production goals and is capped at $20 million. Up to 50% of the Production and Profitability
Earn-Out may be paid in common stock of the Company, at the Company's option. The estimated present value of the total contingent
consideration at September 30, 2016 and October 31, 2014 was $12.2 million and $11.4 million, respectively, based on the future
production and earnings projections of GMFS over the four-year earn-out period. The Company funded the closing cash payment through
a combination of available cash and the liquidation of a portion of its non-Agency RMBS portfolio. 

As disclosed in the
Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, GMFS had executed a statute of limitations
tolling agreement with at least one counterparty with respect to mortgage loans that were sold by GMFS to this counterparty s
predecessor. This tolling agreement extends the time period which this counterparty could bring claim against GMFS. 

The initial tolling
agreement was executed by GMFS on December 12, 2013 and then amended to extend the expiration date. Based on communications received
in April 2015 from this counterparty, the Company believes that when this tolling agreement expires, absent further extension of
the tolling agreement or settlement of the counterparty's claims, it is probable that the counterparty will initiate litigation
against GMFS seeking substantial damages based on alleged breaches of representations and warranties made by GMFS. The most recent
amendment of the tolling agreement extended the expiration date to December 31, 2016 and can be further extended by agreement of
the parties. The Company also understands that this counterparty has commenced or threatened litigation arising out of historical
mortgage loan purchases by its predecessor against a number of other mortgage loan originators. The Company estimates that dating
back to a period that began approximately 16 years ago in 1999 and ended in 2006, approximately $1 billion of mortgage
loans were sold servicing released by GMFS to the predecessor to this counterparty. While the historical claims experience of GMFS
with respect to purchasers of mortgage loans from GMFS over the 1999 to 2006 period has not resulted in material damages claimed
against or paid by GMFS, as further disclosed in the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, claims
brought by this counterparty could expose GMFS to substantial damages that may be material, cause the Company and GMFS to devote
significant management time and attention and other resources to resolving or defending these claims, require GMFS, the Company
or its other subsidiaries to incur significant costs, or cause significant losses that may be material. 

Although the Company
has established a loan indemnification reserve for potential losses related to loan sale representations and warranties with a
corresponding provision recorded for loan losses due to the limited information available at this stage of the matter, the Company
is not able to determine the likelihood of the outcome or estimate an amount of loss or range of losses. The Company believes that
losses in excess of the loan indemnification reserve will be recovered by the Company as either a reduction of the total contingent
consideration owed under the GMFS Merger Agreement given the indemnification provisions in the GMFS Merger Agreement or by withdrawing
funds from an escrow account established by the sellers at the time of the acquisition (as of September 30, 2016, the balance in
the escrow account was $4.0 million. Additionally, the Company has delayed the first year installment payment of the contingent
consideration. Losses in excess of the loan indemnification reserve, total contingent consideration and the escrow account could
have a material adverse impact on the Company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. In the event of litigation
or settlement with the counterparty, the Company intends to pursue claims against the sellers of GMFS seeking indemnification for
any losses or any amounts paid in settlement, although there can be no assurance that such claims would be successful or that any
amounts available for indemnification would be adequate. 

Dividends  

The Company's current
policy is to pay quarterly distributions which will allow it to qualify as a REIT and generally not be subject to U.S. federal
income tax on its undistributed income. Taxable and U.S. GAAP earnings will typically differ due to differences in premium amortization
and discount accretion, certain non-taxable unrealized and realized gains and losses, and non-deductible general and administrative
expenses. 

In order to reduce
market risk in its investment portfolio, prior to entering into the Sutherland Merger Agreement, the Company had begun the process
of selling its seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans from its residential mortgage investments segment. The Sutherland Merger
Agreement requires the Company to complete the sale of its seasoned, re-performing mortgage loans as a condition to closing of
the Mergers. On May 26, 2016, the Company entered into a contract providing for and completed the sale of its seasoned, re-performing
mortgage loans, including REO. The net proceeds from the sale were $94.6 million after the repayment of the outstanding balance
under the Citi Loan Repurchase Facility, which was used to finance the purchase of such loans and was terminated in connection
with the sale. The sale of these loans has resulted in a reduction of the Company s investment income. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company declared the following dividends: 

Non-Controlling
Interests  

On
June 17, 2016, the Company, as the general partner of the Operating Partnership, received a redemption request (the  Redemption
Request ) from one of the Partnership's outside limited partners (the  Outside Limited Partner ) in respect of
a total of 866,016 OP units of the 893,256 units held by the partner. On June 23, 2016, the Company notified the Outside Limited
Partner of its decision to issue shares of the Company s common stock to satisfy the Redemption Request. 

On
July 1, 2016, the Company, as general partner of the Operating Partnership, entered into the Fifth Amendment to the Agreement of
Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership, pursuant to which the Company, as the general partner of the Partnership, acquired
the 866,016 operating partnership units from the Outside Limited Partner and issued an equal number of shares of the Company s
common stock (the  Exchange Stock ) to the Outside Limited Partner pursuant to the terms of the Operating Partnership s
Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership. The Exchange Stock was issued to an accredited investor in transactions
not involving a public offering in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended. The resale of the Exchange Stock has been registered by the Company under the Securities Act, pursuant to the
Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (File No. 333-194551), filed on May 23, 2014 and declared effective by the
SEC on the same date. 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities  

The Company s
cash flows used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September, 2015 were as follows: 

The cash flows used
in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 are primarily a result of income earned
on the Company s assets, partially offset by interest expense on the Company s borrowings and operating expenses. Additionally,
cash flows from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 are also impacted by the
operations of GMFS including the origination of mortgage loans held for sale, and capitalized MSRs offset by non-interest income
and proceeds from the sale of these mortgage loans. 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities  

The cash flows from
the Company's investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 are as follows: 

Cash Flows
From Financing Activities  

The cash flows from
the Company's financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 are as follows: 

Contractual Obligations  

The Company has entered
into an Investment Advisory Agreement with the Advisor. The Advisor is entitled to receive a quarterly advisory fee, loan sourcing
fee and the reimbursement of certain expenses; however, these obligations do not have fixed and determinable payments. Additionally,
the Company has entered into the Sutherland Merger Agreement. See  Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Overview   Definitive Merger Agreement  of this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q for a discussion of the obligations and commitments arising under the Sutherland Merger Agreement. 

The following table presents contractual
obligations and commitments at September 30, 2016, as discussed above under  Liquidity and Capital Resources : 

(1)  
      Interest is calculated based on the interest rates in effect at September 30, 2016 includes all interest expense incurred and expected to be incurred in the future through the contractual maturity of the associated borrowings.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of the date of this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q, the Company had no off-balance sheet arrangements, except for its operating leases. 

Inflation  

Virtually all of the
Company's assets and liabilities are and will be interest rate sensitive in nature. Changes in interest rates do not necessarily
correlate with inflation rates or changes in inflation rates. The Company's financial statements are prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP and the Company's activities and balance sheet shall be measured with reference to historical cost and/or fair value
without considering an independent inflation factor. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk 

The primary components
of the Company's market risk are related to credit risk, interest rate risk, prepayment risk and fair value risk. While the Company
does not seek to avoid risk completely, the Company believes that risk can be quantified from historical experience and the Company
will seek to actively manage that risk, to earn sufficient compensation to justify taking risk and to maintain capital levels consistent
with the risks the Company undertakes. 

Credit Risk  

The Company expects
to encounter credit risk related to its non-Agency RMBS, mortgage loans and other target assets, including assets it may originate
or acquire. A portion of the Company's assets are comprised of residential mortgage loans that are unrated. The credit risk related
to these investments pertains to the ability and willingness of borrowers to pay the mortgage loan payments, the ability of which
is assessed before credit is granted or renewed and periodically reviewed throughout the loan or security term. The Company believes
that residual loan credit quality is primarily determined by the borrowers' credit profiles and loan characteristics. Changes in
home price appreciation have a significant impact on the performance of non-Agency RMBS and mortgage loans. 

Interest Rate Risk  

Interest rate risk
is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and
political considerations and other factors beyond the Company's control. 

The Company is subject
to interest rate risk in connection with any floating or inverse floating rate investments and its repurchase agreements. The Company's
repurchase agreements may be of limited duration and are periodically refinanced at current market rates. The Company intends to
manage this risk using interest rate derivative agreements. These instruments are intended to serve as a hedge against future interest
rate increases on the Company's borrowings. The Company primarily assesses its interest rate risk by estimating and managing the
duration of its assets relative to the duration of its liabilities. Duration measures the change in the fair value of an asset
based on a change in an interest rate. The Company generally calculates duration using various financial models and empirical data.
Different models and methodologies can produce different duration numbers for the same securities. 

The borrowings the
Company used to fund its residential mortgage investment portfolio and mortgage loans held for sale related to the GMFS origination
platform included $125.7 million at September 30, 2016 under the warehouse lines of credit and repurchase agreements with four
lenders, the Credit Suisse Loan Repurchase Facility, master securities repurchase agreements with four counterparties and the Exchangeable
Senior Notes. At September 30, 2016, the Company also had interest rate swaps with an outstanding notional amount of $17.2 million,
resulting in variable rate debt of $191.6 million. A 50 basis point increase in LIBOR would increase the quarterly interest expense
related to the $191.6 million in variable rate debt by $0.2 million. Such hypothetical impact of interest rates on the Company's
variable rate debt does not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur in a rising interest
rate environment. Further, in the event of such a change in interest rates, the Company may take actions to further mitigate its
exposure to such a change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects,
this analysis assumes no changes in the Company's financial structure. 

Net Interest Income  

The Company's operating
results will depend in part on differences between the income from its investments and its borrowing costs and will also be impacted
by the sale of the seasoned, re-performing whole loan portfolio from the Company s residential mortgage investment segment.
The Company's Credit Suisse Loan Repurchase Facility, securities repurchase agreements and warehouse lines of credit and repurchase
agreements related to the GMFS origination platform, provide financing based on a floating rate of interest calculated on a fixed
spread over LIBOR. If the federal funds rate is increased above its existing target range, we would ordinarily expect LIBOR to
also increase. If this occurs, we would expect the borrowing costs associated with the Company's investments to increase while
the income earned by the Company on its fixed interest rate investments to remain substantially unchanged. This will result in
a narrowing of the net interest spread between existing assets and borrowings and may result in a decline in asset value or otherwise
result in losses. The Company also has interest rate swaps in place to partially hedge the volatility in a portion of its variable
rate debt. In addition, as discussed in the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase in
the federal funds rate, if accompanied by broader increase in interest rates, may also cause other challenges for the Company's
business by, for example, reducing the demand for newly originated mortgage loans due to the higher cost of borrowing, which could
adversely impact loan production from GMFS. 

Hedging techniques
are partly based on assumed levels of prepayments of the Company's residential mortgage loans and RMBS. If prepayments are slower
or faster than assumed, the effectiveness of any hedging strategies the Company uses will be reduced and may cause losses on such
transactions. Hedging strategies involving the use of derivative securities are complex and may produce volatile returns. The Company
is considering a variety of steps to address the impact on our business of a rising interest rate environment, including the sale
of existing assets that may be sensitive to higher interest rates, changes to our asset and liability hedging strategy, acquiring
new assets that may be less sensitive to rising rates or reducing the amount of leverage we use in our business. There can be no
assurance that such steps or others which the Company may implement in the near to medium term will be effective in mitigating
the impact of a rising rate environment. 

Prepayment Risk  

As the Company receives
prepayments of principal on its investments, premiums paid on such investments will be amortized against interest income. In general,
an increase in prepayment rates will accelerate the amortization of purchase premiums, thereby reducing the interest income earned
on the investments. Conversely, discounts on such investments are accreted into interest income. In general, an increase in prepayment
rates will accelerate the accretion of purchase discounts, thereby increasing the interest income earned on the investments. 

Extension Risk  

If prepayment rates
decrease in a rising interest rate environment, the life of the fixed-rate portion of the related assets could extend beyond the
term of the swap agreement or other hedging instrument. This could have a negative impact on the Company's results from operations,
as borrowing costs would no longer be fixed after the end of the hedging instrument, while the income earned on the hybrid adjustable-rate
assets would remain fixed. This situation may also cause the fair market value of the Company's hybrid adjustable-rate assets to
decline, with little or no offsetting gain from the related hedging transactions. In extreme situations, the Company may be forced
to sell assets to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause it to incur losses. 

Fair Value Risk  

The Company intends
to elect the fair value option of accounting on most of its residential mortgage investments and loans held for sale, MSRs and
securities investments and account for them at their estimated fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings
pursuant to accounting guidance. The estimated fair value of these residential mortgage loans, MSRs and securities fluctuates primarily
due to changes in interest rates and other factors. Generally, in a rising interest rate environment, the estimated fair value
of these residential mortgage loans and securities would be expected to decrease and MSRs would be expected to increase, conversely,
in a decreasing interest rate environment, the estimated fair value of these residential mortgage loans, and securities would be
expected to increase and MSRs would be expected to decrease. 

Counterparty Risk  

The Company finances
the acquisition of a significant portion of its residential mortgage loans, RMBS and Other Investment Securities with its repurchase
agreements and warehouse lines of credit. In connection with these financing arrangements, the Company pledges its residential
mortgage loans and securities as collateral to secure the borrowings. The amount of collateral pledged will typically exceed the
amount of the borrowings (  i.e.  , the haircut) such that the borrowings will be over-collateralized. As a result, the Company
is exposed to the counterparty if, during the term of the financing, a lender should default on its obligation and the Company
is not able to recover its pledged assets. The amount of this exposure is the difference between the amount loaned to the Company
plus interest due to the counterparty and the fair value of the collateral pledged by the Company to the lender including accrued
interest receivable on such collateral. 

Certain of the Company's
subsidiaries have entered into over-the-counter interest rate swap agreements with swap counterparties to hedge risks associated
with movements in interest rates. Because these interest rate swaps were not cleared through a central counterparty, the Company
remains exposed to the relevant counterparty's ability to perform its obligations under each such swap and cannot look to the creditworthiness
of a central counterparty for performance. As a result, if a swap counterparty cannot perform its obligations under the terms of
an interest rate swap, the Company's subsidiary would not receive payments due under that agreement, the Company may lose any unrealized
gain associated with the interest rate swap and the hedged liability would cease to be hedged by the interest rate swap. If the
swap counterparty failed to perform its obligations or otherwise defaulted under an interest rate swap agreement, the Company would
seek to terminate the relevant interest rate swap agreement and may have a claim against such swap counterparty for any losses
that result from such default, including any unrealized gains. However, there is no assurance that the Company would be able to
recover such amounts or to replace the relevant interest rate swap on economically viable terms or at all. In such case, the Company
could be forced to cover its unhedged liabilities at the then current market price. Therefore, upon a default by an interest rate
swap agreement counterparty, the interest rate swap would no longer mitigate the impact of changes in interest rates as intended.
In addition, any collateral the Company has pledged to a swap counterparty to secure its obligations under an interest rate swap
could be at risk if such swap counterparty becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy. 

The following table
summarizes the Company s exposure to its repurchase agreements, warehouse lines of credit and derivative counterparties at
September 30, 2016: 

(1)  
      Includes treasury securities repurchase agreements, the Credit Suisse Loan Repurchase Facility and securities repurchase agreements.   

(2)  
      Includes accrued interest payable.   

(3)  
      The exposure reflects the difference between (a) the amount loaned to the Company through repurchase agreements and warehouse lines of credit, including interest payable, plus the derivative liability and (b) the cash and the fair value of the assets pledged by the Company as collateral, including accrued interest receivable on such assets, plus derivative assets.   

(4)  
      Includes foreign based counterparties as well as U.S. domiciled subsidiaries of such counterparties, as such transactions are generally entered into with a U.S. domiciled subsidiary of such counterparties.   

The following table
presents information with respect to any counterparty for repurchase agreements for which the Company had greater than 5% of stockholders 
equity at risk in the aggregate at September 30, 2016: 

(1)  
      The counterparty rating presented is the long-term issuer credit rating as rated at September 30, 2016 by S P and Moody s, respectively.   

(2)  
      The amount at risk reflects the difference between (a) the amount loaned to the Company through repurchase agreements, including interest payable, plus the net unrealized gain on swaps including collateral pledged and (b) the cash and the fair value of the assets pledged by the Company as collateral, including accrued interest receivable on such securities.   

(3)  
      Counterparty rating is for Credit Suisse AG.   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

The Company maintains
disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its Exchange Act reports
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based on the definition of  disclosure controls and procedures 
as promulgated under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment
in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

The Company, including
its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure
controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based on the foregoing, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Controls over
Financial Reporting   

There
have been no changes in the Company's  internal control over financial reporting  (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or was reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time,
the Company may be involved in various claims and legal actions in the ordinary course of business. At September 30, 2016, the
Company was not involved in any material legal proceedings. Also, see  Liquidity and Capital Resources   Acquisition
of GMFS  and  Overview   Recent Developments   Class Action Lawsuit  in Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
for a discussion relating to the tolling agreement executed by GMFS and a class action lawsuit related to the Mergers, respectively. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

See the Company's Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the Company's registration statement on Form S-4. There have been
no material changes to the Company's risk factors during the three months ended September 30, 2016 other than the risk factors
disclosed in the Company's registration statement on Form S-4. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of
Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

(a)  Exhibits Files 

32.2**  
       
      Certification of the Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document   

*  Previously filed. 

**  Furnished herewith. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

ZAIS FINANCIAL CORP    

Date: October 25, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Michael Szymanski   

Michael Szymanski   

Chief Executive Officer and President   

By:  
      /s/ Donna J. Blank   

Donna J. Blank   

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

<EX-2.3>
 2
 v450688_ex2-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 2.3

Exhibit 2.3 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 
 TO THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER  

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO THE
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of August 4, 2016 (this   Amendment  ), by and among ZAIS FINANCIAL CORP.,
a Maryland corporation that has elected to be treated as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes (  Company  ),
ZAIS  Financial Partners,  L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and the operating
partnership of Company (  Company Operating Partnership  ), ZAIS MERGER SUB, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Company (  Merger Sub  ), SUTHERLAND ASSET MANAGEMENT CORPORATION, a
Maryland corporation that has elected to be treated as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes (  Sutherland  ),
and SUTHERLAND PARTNERS, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (  Sutherland Operating Partnership  ). Each of
Company, Company Operating Partnership, Merger Sub, Sutherland and Sutherland Operating Partnership is sometimes referred to herein
as a   Party   and collectively as the   Parties .  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement (as defined below). 

RECITALS  

A.       The
Parties have entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 6, 2016, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto
dated as of May 9, 2016 (as amended, the   Agreement  ); and 

B.       Each
of the Parties has agreed to amend the Agreement to modify certain provisions thereof. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties hereto agree as follows: 

SECTION 1.      
  Amendment to Section 2.6(b) . The first sentence of Section 2.6(b) of the Agreement is hereby deleted and substituted
therefore is the following: 

The Parties hereby confirm, covenant
and agree to treat the Partnership Merger, for all income tax purposes, as a contribution of assets by the Company Operating Partnership
to the Sutherland Operating Partnership in return for Sutherland OP Units, followed by a liquidation of the Company Operating Partnership
and a distribution of the Sutherland OP Units held by the Company Operating Partnership to the holders of the Company OP Units.  

SECTION 2.      
  Reference to and Effect in the Agreement . (a) Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Agreement
to  this Agreement ,  hereunder ,  hereof  or words of like import referring to the Agreement
shall mean and be a reference to the Agreement as amended hereby. 

(b)               
 Except as specifically amended herein, the Agreement shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all
respects ratified and confirmed, and the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver
of any right, power or remedy of any party under the Agreement. 

SECTION 3.      
   Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all
of which together shall be deemed one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been
signed by each of the Parties and delivered (by telecopy, electronic delivery or otherwise) to the other Parties. Signatures to
this Amendment transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in  portable document form  (  pdf  ),
or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the
same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original signature. 

SECTION 4.      
   Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Maryland
without giving effect to its conflicts of laws principles (whether the State of Maryland or any other jurisdiction that would cause
the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Maryland). 

[Signature Page Follows] 

2  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 2 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger to be executed as of the date first above
written.      

zais financial corp.    

By: 
     /s/ Michael F. Szymanski  

Name: Michael Szymanski  

Title:  President and Chief Executive Officer  

ZAIS Financial Partners, L.P.    

By: 
     ZAIS Financial Corp., its General Partner  

By: 
     /s/ Michael F. Szymanski  

Name: Michael Szymanski  

Title:  President and Chief Executive Officer  

ZAIS MERGER SUB, LLC   

By: 
     ZAIS Financial Corp., its Manager  

By: 
      /s/ Michael F. Szymanski 

Name: Michael Szymanski  

Title:  President and Chief Executive Officer  

[Amendment
No. 2]  

S- 1  

SUTHERLAND ASSET MANAGEMENT CORPORATION   

By: 
     /s/ Frederick C. Herbst  

Name: Frederick C. Herbst  

Title: Authorized Person  

SUTHERLAND PARTNERS, L.P.   

By:  SUTHERLAND ASSET MANAGEMENT CORPORATION , not in its individual capacity but solely as general partner  

By: 
     /s/ Frederick C. Herbst  

Name: Frederick C. Herbst  

Title: Authorized Person  

[Amendment
No. 2]       

S- 2  

</EX-2.3>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 v450688_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2  

FIFTH AMENDMENT  
 
 TO  
 
 AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP  
 
 OF  
 
 ZAIS FINANCIAL PARTNERS, L.P.  

This Fifth Amendment (this
  Amendment  ), to the Agreement of Limited Partnership of ZAIS Financial Partners, L.P. (the   Partnership  ),
as amended, is made and entered as of July 1, 2016 by ZAIS Financial Corp., a Maryland corporation (the   General Partner  ). 

RECITALS:  

A.  The General Partner and the Limited Partners entered into
that certain Agreement of Limited Partnership of ZAIS Financial Partners, L.P. dated as of July 29, 2011 (the   Original
Partnership Agreement  ), as amended by that certain Amendment to the Agreement of Limited Partnership of ZAIS Financial
Partners, L.P. made and entered as of August 3, 2011 (the   First Partnership Agreement Amendment  ), that certain
Second Amendment to the Agreement of Limited Partnership of ZAIS Financial Partners, L.P. made and entered as of October 11, 2012
(the   Second Partnership Agreement Amendment  ), that certain Third Amendment to the Agreement of Limited Partnership
of ZAIS Financial Partners, L.P. made and entered as of December 13, 2012 (the   Third Partnership Agreement Amendment  )
and that certain Fourth Amendment to the Agreement of Limited Partnership of ZAIS Financial Partners, L.P. made and entered as
of February 13, 2013 (the   Fourth Partnership Agreement Amendment   and together with the Original Partnership
Agreement, the First Partnership Agreement Amendment, the Second Partnership Agreement Amendment and the Third Partnership Agreement
Amendment, the   Partnership Agreement  ), to set forth their agreements with respect to the business and affairs
of the Partnership. 

B.  Pursuant to Section 7.03(c) of the Partnership Agreement,
the General Partner has the exclusive power, without the prior consent of the Limited Partners, to amend the Partnership Agreement
and to issue shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the General Partner (  Common Stock  ) in
exchange for Partnership Units tendered for redemption, on such terms and conditions as shall be established by the General Partner
in it sole and absolute discretion, without the approval of any Limited Partners, in accordance with Section 8.06(b) of the Partnership
Agreement. 

C.  On June 17, 2016, the General Partner received from each
of the Partnership's three outside limited partners (the   Outside Limited Partners  ) a notice of redemption of
Partnership Units in relation to an aggregate of 899,674 Partnership Units (the   Redemption Requests  ). 

D.  The General Partner intends to satisfy the Redemption Requests
by issuing an equal number ofshares of Common Stock to the Outside Limited Partners. 

E.  The General Partner has determined that it is necessary
and desirable to amend the Partnership Agreement to amend Exhibit A thereto in connection with the Redemption Requests. 

F.  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have
the meanings ascribed to them in the Partnership Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the General
Partner desires to effect this Amendment to the Partnership Agreement as provided herein: 

1.   Exhibit A . Exhibit A is hereby amended as set
forth in Exhibit A hereto. 

2.   Partnership Agreement . Except as set forth herein,
the Partnership Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

3.   Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware. 

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank]  

- 2 -   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
undersigned, intending to be legally bound hereby, has duly executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

ZAIS FINANCIAL PARTNERS, L.P.,  

By: 
     ZAIS Financial Corp.,  

its General Partner  

By: 
      /s/  Michael Szymanski  

Name: Michael Szymanski  

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President  

[ Signature Page to Fourth Amendment
to LPA ] 

EXHIBIT A  

PARTNERS AND PARTNERSHIP UNITS  

As of July 1, 2016  

Exh. A- 1    

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 v450688_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

  CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Michael Szymanski, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ZAIS Financial Corp. (the  registrant    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 25, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Michael Szymanski   

Name:  Michael Szymanski   

Title:  Chief Executive Officer and President   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 v450688_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

  CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Donna J. Blank, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ZAIS Financial Corp. (the  registrant    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 25, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Donna J. Blank   

Name:  Donna J. Blank   

Title:  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 v450688_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 10 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

In connection with the quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of ZAIS Financial Corp. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the  report ), I, Michael Szymanski, Chief Executive
Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
that: 

1.  
      The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

It is not intended that this statement
be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Date: October 25, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Michael Szymanski   

Name:  Michael Szymanski   

Title:  Chief Executive Officer and President   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 v450688_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 10 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

In connection with the quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of ZAIS Financial Corp. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the  report ), I, Donna J. Blank, Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
that: 

1.  
      The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

It is not intended that this statement
be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Date: October 25, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Donna J. Blank   

Name:  Donna J. Blank   

Title:  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 zfc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 zfc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 zfc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 zfc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 zfc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 zfc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

