<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1053374_0001053374-16-000247_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3259256</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102665</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>194730</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1035356</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1335262</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>521912</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001053374-16-000247.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107160655
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001053374-16-000247
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IPASS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001053374
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				931214598
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50327
		FILM NUMBER:		161978141

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3800 BRIDGE PARKWAY
		CITY:			REDWOOD SHORES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6502324100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3800 BRIDGE PARKWAY
		CITY:			REDWOOD SHORES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94065

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001053374-16-000247.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 ipas-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  000-50327 
  (Commission File Number) 

iPass Inc. 
  (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
      
    93-1214598 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

3800 Bridge Parkway 
  Redwood Shores, California 94065 
  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
  (650) 232-4100 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232 405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.    Yes    x     No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                        Large Accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated filer 
    x 
      Non-accelerated filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock, $0.001 par value, as of October 31, 2016 was   66,258,781  . 

Table of Contents  

IPASS INC. 
  FORM 10-Q 
  FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED September 30, 2016 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
                  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION:  
      
       Item 1. Financial Statements  
    3 
       a) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 (Unaudited)  
    3 
       b) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
    4 
       c) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
    5 
       d) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    6 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    13 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    23 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    23 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION:  
      
      Item 1A. Risk Factors 
    24 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    29 
       SIGNATURE  
    30 
       INDEX TO EXHIBITS  
    31 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

IPASS INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Unaudited; in thousands) 

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

3 

Table of Contents  

IPASS INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  (Unaudited; in thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 

See Accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

4 

Table of Contents  

IPASS INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited; in thousands) 

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

IPASS INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
  The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of iPass Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries ("iPass" and the  Company ). The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements that accompany these notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) consistent in all material respects with those applied in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015. The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for December 31, 2015, were derived from audited financial statements but do not include all disclosures required by GAAP. The interim financial information is unaudited but reflects all normal adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary to provide a fair presentation for the interim periods presented. This interim financial information should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full fiscal year or any future periods. 
  The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results that the Company experiences may differ materially from those estimates. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, the valuation of accounts receivables, other long-lived assets, recognition of deferred revenue, network access costs, stock-based compensation, legal contingencies, and income taxes. 
  The Company reports total comprehensive net loss in a single continuous financial statement within its Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. The Company s comprehensive net loss is equivalent to its total net loss because the Company does not have any transactions that are recorded through other comprehensive loss. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  This update addresses how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows with the objective of reducing existing diversity in practice with respect to these items. Among the types of cash flows addressed are payments for costs related to debt prepayments or extinguishment, payments representing accreted interest on discounted debt, payments of contingent consideration after a business combination, proceeds from insurance claims and company-owned life insurance, and distributions from equity method investees, among others. The update is to be adopted retrospectively and is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect a material impact of adopting this guidance on its financial statements. 
  In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, "Intra-Equity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory (Topic 740), which is intended to eliminate diversity in practice and provide a more accurate depiction of the tax consequences on intercompany asset transfers (excluding inventory)". This update requires entities to immediately recognize the tax consequences on intercompany asset transfers (excluding inventory) at the transaction date, rather than deferring the tax consequences under current GAAP. The update will be effective for the Company s first quarter of fiscal year 2019 and requires a modified retrospective method of adoption. Early adoption is permitted, but only in the first quarter of an entity s annual fiscal year. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-16 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Note 2. Financial Instruments and Fair Value 
  Fair value is the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction in the principal or most advantageous market between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. 
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value Hierarchy 
  The three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value are as follows: 
             
    Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
                
    Level 2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and 
                
    Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 
     The recurring fair value measurements of these financial assets (excluding cash) were determined using the following inputs at   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , respectively:    

(1) 
    Held in cash and cash equivalents on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
     There were   no   transfers between Levels 1, 2, and 3 from   December 31, 2015   through   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the carrying amounts of accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximated fair value due to their short maturities (refer to Note 6 and 7 for discussion related to Accrued Restructuring and Vendor Financed Property and Equipment). 

Note 3. Property and Equipment, net 
  Property and equipment, net, consisted of the following: 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, depreciation expense was approximately   $0.6 million   and   $2.0 million  , respectively.  
  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, depreciation expense was approximately   $0.7 million   and   $2.2 million  , respectively.  
  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not retire any property and equipment. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company retired less than   $0.1 million   of gross property and equipment. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company retired less than   $0.1 million   and   $2.0 million   of gross property equipment, respectively, all of which were nearly fully depreciated.  

7 

Table of Contents  

Note 4. Other Assets  
  Other assets (non-current) consisted of the following:    

Note 5. Accrued Liabilities 
  Accrued liabilities consisted of the following: 

(1) 
    See Note 6 "Accrued Restructuring" 
              (2) 
    See Note 7 "Vendor Financed Property and Equipment"  

Note 6. Accrued Restructuring 
  During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company announced restructuring plans (the  2009 Plans ) to reduce operating costs and focus resources on key strategic priorities, which resulted in a workforce reduction of   146   positions across all functional areas and abandonment of certain facilities and termination of a contract obligation. As of September 30, 2015, the Company completed all of the related payments associated with the 2009 Plans. 
  During the third quarter of 2014, the Company announced a restructuring plan (the "Q3 2014 Plan") to re-align its cost structure as a result of the divestiture of its Unity business, which resulted in workforce reduction of approximately   20   employees worldwide and the termination of lease contracts for certain leased facilities.  The Company recorded approximately   $0.7 million   of restructuring charges in the third quarter of 2014, and as of September 30, 2015 the Company has completed all of the related payments associated with the Q3 2014 Plan. 
  During the second quarter of 2015, the Company announced a restructuring plan (the "Q2 2015 Plan") intended to flatten the organization, create a more nimble sales and delivery infrastructure to support a SaaS go to market strategy, and accelerate the cash flow break-even point for the Company.  The Q2 2015 Plan reduced headcount globally by approximately   14%   and the Company recorded approximately   $4.2 million   of restructuring charges in 2015 and had less than   $0.1   million of payments remaining as of September 30, 2016 for employee termination costs.  
  During the first quarter of 2016, the Company announced a restructuring plan (the "Q1 2016 Plan") with the stated purpose to achieve positive Adjusted EBITDA profitability in 2016. The Q1 2016 Plan reduced headcount globally by   57   employees, or   30%   of the workforce, and primarily eliminated positions in engineering and network operations groups, including a reduction of personnel in the India team. This resulted in a charge of approximately   $0.8   million in 2016, and as of September 30, 2016 the Company has completed all of the related payments associated with Q1 2016 Plan.  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

The following is a rollforward of restructuring liability for the Plans: 

As of September 30, 2016, the balance primarily represents remaining employee termination obligations, all of which are expected to be paid in the fourth quarter of 2016.  There is no long-term restructuring liability as of September 30, 2016.  

Note 7. Vendor Financed Property and Equipment 
  In October 2013, the Company acquired enterprise database software (under a term unlimited license agreement) and infrastructure hardware. This purchase was financed through a vendor and is payable over   three   years.  In April 2014, the Company acquired additional enterprise infrastructure hardware which was financed through the vendor and is payable over   two   years.  The total purchases financed by the vendor were approximately   $3.1 million  . Since October 2013, the Company made approximately   $3.1 million   of principal payments, and as of September 30, 2016, the Company has completed all remaining principal payments. 
  Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the Company extended the license related to the previously acquired software for approximately   $0.5 million   to be paid over   one   year. 

Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies 
  Lease and Purchase Commitments 
  The Company leases facilities under operating leases that expire at various dates through October 2020. Future minimum lease payments under these operating leases as of September 30, 2016, are as follows: 

The Company has contracts with certain network service providers which have minimum purchase commitments that   expire on various dates through December 2018  . 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

Future minimum purchase commitments as of September 30, 2016, under all agreements are as follows: 

Unclaimed Property Compliance 
  The Company has received notices from several states stating that they have appointed an agent to conduct an examination of the books and records of the Company to determine whether it has complied with state unclaimed property laws. In addition to seeking the turnover of unclaimed property subject to escheat laws, the states may seek interest, penalties, costs of examinations, and other relief. If the potential loss from any payment claim is considered probable and the amount or the range of the loss can be estimated, the Company accrues a liability for the estimated loss. To date, the Company is not able to estimate the possible payment, if any, due to the early stages of this matter. 
  Legal Proceedings  
  The Company is involved in legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. While there can be no assurances as to the ultimate outcome of any litigation involving the Company, management does not believe any such pending legal proceeding or claim will result in a judgment or settlement that would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  In the ordinary course of business, the Company may provide indemnifications of varying scope and terms to customers, business partners, and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of breach of such agreements, services to be provided by the Company, or from intellectual property infringement claims made by third-parties. Certain indemnification agreements may not be subject to maximum loss clauses. If the potential loss from any indemnification claim is considered probable and the amount or the range of the loss can be estimated, the Company accrues a liability for the estimated loss. To date, claims under such indemnification provisions have not been significant. 

Note 9. Net Loss Per Share 
  Basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus dilutive potential common shares as determined using the treasury stock method for outstanding stock options, restricted stock-based awards and shares issuable under the employee stock purchase plan, unless the result of adding such shares would be anti-dilutive. Unvested participating securities are included in the weighted daily average number of shares outstanding used in the calculation of diluted net income per common share, but are excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share. In a net loss position, basic and diluted net loss per common share are equal, since the weighted average number of shares used to compute diluted net loss per common share excludes anti-dilutive securities, including participating securities. As a result of the Company s net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company has excluded all potential shares of common stock from the diluted net loss per share calculation as their inclusion would have had an anti-dilutive effect. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share: 

The following weighted average potential shares of common stock have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share because the effect of including these shares would have been anti-dilutive: 

Note 10. Segment and Geographical Information 
  The following table presents comparative percent of Company revenue by country or by geographic region. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the United States and Germany represented   43%   and   13%   of total revenue, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the United States and Germany represented   43%   and   14%   of total revenue, respectively.   One   customer, a channel reseller, represented   10%   of total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
  For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the United States and Germany represented   43%   and   15%   of total revenue, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the United States, Germany and the United Kingdom represented   40%  ,   15%   and   10%   of total revenue, respectively. One customer, a channel reseller, represented   10%   and   11%   of total revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
  Substantially all of the Company s long-lived assets are located in the United States.  

Note 11. Stock Repurchase Program 
    
  On November 3, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to   $3.0 million   of the Company s common stock beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015. Under the repurchase program, the Company is authorized to repurchase shares through open market purchases, in accordance with applicable federal securities laws,  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

including through trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. The repurchase program shall run through December 31, 2016, unless earlier completed or terminated by the Board of Directors. The number of shares to be purchased and the timing of purchases are based on general business and market conditions, and other factors, including legal requirements.   No   shares had been repurchased under the repurchase program during the fourth quarter of 2015. On February 25, 2016, the Company established a 10b5-1 plan for repurchases under the repurchase program and started acquiring stock under this plan. During the nine months ending September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased   339,228   shares for   $345,296   under the repurchase program, for an average price of   $1.02   per share. 

Note 12. Subsequent Events 
  Management has evaluated events subsequent to September 30, 2016 through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements, and noted no additional significant subsequent event that needs to be disclosed. 
  
   12 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (or  MD A ) is provided in addition to the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes, included elsewhere in this report, to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with the MD A in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
  This MD A is organized as follows: 
                   Overview 
       
    Discussion of our business 

Business Portfolio and Our Strategy 
      
    Description of our business and strategy 

Significant Trends and Events 
       
    Operating, financial and other material trends and events that affect our company and may reflect our performance 

Key Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
       
    Discussion of key operating metrics and non-GAAP financial measures that we use to evaluate our operating performance 

Critical Accounting Policies and 
  Estimates 
       
    Accounting policies and estimates that we believe are most important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results 

Results of Operations 
       
    An analysis of our financial results comparing the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
       
    An analysis of changes in our balance sheet and cash flows, and discussion of our financial condition, potential sources of liquidity and other required disclosures 

The various sections of this MD A contain forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as  expect,   will,   anticipate,   intend,   believe,   estimate,  variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements which refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated trends in our business, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances, are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Readers are directed to risks and uncertainties identified in  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for factors that may cause actual results to be different from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. 
  Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website, SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We also use social media to communicate with our customers and the public about our company, our products and services and other matters relating to our business and market. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on the U.S. social media channels including the iPass Twitter Feed, the iPass LinkedIn Feed, the iPass Google+ Feed, the iPass Facebook Page, the iPass Blog and the iPass Instagram account. These social media channels may be updated from time to time. 

13 

Table of Contents  

Overview 
  iPass (NASDAQ: IPAS) is the leading provider of global mobile connectivity, offering simple, secure, always-on Wi-Fi access on any mobile device. Built on a software-as-a-service (SaaS) platform, the iPass cloud-based service keeps its customers connected by providing unlimited Wi-Fi connectivity on unlimited devices. iPass is the world s largest Wi-Fi network, with over 57 million hotspots in more than 120 countries, at airports, hotels, train stations, convention centers, outdoor venues, inflight, and more. Using patented technology, the iPass SmartConnectTM platform takes the guesswork out of Wi-Fi, automatically connecting customers to the best hotspot for their needs. Customers simply download the iPass app to experience UNLIMITED, EVERYWHERE and INVISIBLE Wi-Fi. 

Business Highlights 
  Strategic iPass Assets 
  We believe iPass has a unique set of global mobile connectivity assets that provide us with competitive advantages. We see our three core assets as follows: 
    
  Our Platform:     Our platform is a cloud-based service manager that securely connects users and devices to our global Wi-Fi footprint. In its most simple form, it is an application (app), downloaded by the customer s users to their laptop, tablet, or smartphone that will identify an iPass hotspot, connect seamlessly, secure the connection, and allow users to have full access to their other cloud-based apps and internet needs. It is compatible with Automatic Credential Assignment (ACA) that simplifies the onboarding process of new users and makes forgotten passwords a thing of the past. 
    
  Our Technology Infrastructure:     We have a global authentication fabric of integrated servers and software that is interconnected with over 160 unique global Wi-Fi networks. This infrastructure allows us to provide secure, highly-available and seamless four-party global authentication, clearing and settlement of Wi-Fi users for our partners and customers.  This infrastructure makes the hotspots we aggregate look and feel like iPass hotspots. 
    
  Our Wi-Fi Network:     We have a Wi-Fi network footprint and supply chain that consists of over 57 million hotspots in over 120 countries and territories, including major airports, convention centers, planes, trains, train stations, hotels, restaurants, retail, and small business locations. 
    
  We continue to partner with Wi-Fi operators around the world to improve performance and reduce the cost of connectivity, focused on making and keeping Wi-Fi the preferred option for potentially billions of connected devices. 
    
  Business Portfolio and Go-to-Market Strategy 
  We have a single reportable operating segment, Mobile Connectivity Services. Our Mobile Connectivity Services offer a standard cloud-based solution allowing our customers and their users access to our global Wi-Fi network to stay connected to the people and information that matters most. We categorize our services in two broad go-to-market approaches: 
  Enterprise (Business to Business or B2B):        Previously referred to as OME (Open Mobile Enterprise), this go-to-market strategy focuses on providing mobile connectivity solutions to enterprises, from large to small. 
    
  Strategic Partnerships (Business to Business to Consumer or B2B2C):     Previously referred to as OMX (Open Mobile Exchange), this strategy is executed through business development deals intended to open channel distributions for our product to reach the consumer market. 
    
  Our Corporate Strategy 
  We intend to leverage our unique set of assets across our go-to-market strategies to drive growth in new customer acquisition, subscribed users, and devices accessing our services. As part of our Mobile Connectivity Services strategy, we have rebuilt our product and service delivery across three main value creation initiatives. 
    
  UNLIMITED - Wi-Fi without boundaries 
  For a flat monthly per user rate, users have UNLIMITED access to our global network. Using our iPass SmartConnect technology and big data intelligence, we maximize the user experience while effectively optimizing our network cost structure. 

14 

     Table of Contents  

EVERYWHERE - World s largest Wi-Fi network 
  We continue to add strategic partners, bolstering our footprint in planes, trains, hotels, airports, restaurants, and cafes. And with our business development activities and B2B2C channel expansion, our services are proliferating on user devices around the globe. 
    
  INVISIBLE - Wi-Fi as easy as cellular 
  Our platform is an artificial intelligence network sniffer, finding, categorizing, rating, and optimizing networks and connections. It provides last mile VPN tunnel security and is designed to maximize connection success rates. For customers looking to leverage our intellectual property and platform functionality into their customized products, we launched a software development kit (SDK) in the first quarter of 2016. 
  For a detailed discussion regarding our mobility business, including our strategy and our service offerings, see  Item 1. Business  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Significant Trends and Events 
  The following describes recent significant trends and events of our business. 
  Product Evolution 
  While we have and will continue to sell and support customers on our pay-as-you-go usage and varying flat rate price plans, we continue to focus primarily on selling our UNLIMITED subscriptions to new or renewal customers. Our product is being optimized for UNLIMITED, providing always-on, secure connectivity to users, without any usage restrictions. We introduced iPass SmartConnect   TM    SDK providing the tools to build adaptive network selection applications for smartphones, tablets, and laptops.  Developers can access iPass core technologies to activate, authenticate, connect, and create custom interfaces for presenting and selecting Wi-Fi networks. Applications built using the iPass SDK have instant and secure access to the iPass network. The SDK is designed for enterprises, operators and solution vendors seeking to leverage iPass wireless connectivity technology in their applications. Since introducing the SDK, twenty four partners have obtained access and are in development. 
  Network Enhancements 
  We continue leveraging the power of network curation, community, and strategic partner procurement. And while pure numbers emphasize an element of our EVERYWHERE initiative, more importantly we are enhancing our network through our platform technology to improve the user experience and mitigate issues like  false positives  (a network that broadcasts a signal but is not active in the iPass footprint), failed authentications, poor bandwidth, or other quality issues. We gather data on every hotspot within range of our users  Wi-Fi radio signal, analyze the hotspots for a variety of quality characteristics, and crunch the numbers through our big data engine. As a result, we can overlay heat maps of coverage areas, identify good and bad hotspots, and determine where and how we should add additional hotspots to satisfy our users  behavior patterns and demands. 
  Growth in Install Base 
  We have expanded our global network and continued product improvements, which have increased user connectivity success rates, have fueled usage growth in our enterprise accounts and consumers using iPass services through our strategic partnerships. The result is growth in our install customer base as evidenced by the growth in Wi-Fi network users. The increase in Wi-Fi Network users translated to 11% increase in consumption of our network in hours over the prior quarter and 57% over the same quarter in 2015. 
  Network Acquisition Strategy 
  As our Enterprise Unlimited and Strategic Partner revenue streams ramp, we have adjusted our network Wi-Fi purchasing strategy to acquire capacity in our network and drive the price of Wi-Fi lower. By committing spend to our providers, we can guarantee a proportional fixed cost of supply, reduce our per unit cost of Wi-Fi, and hedge against the expected growth in customer usage as we continue to sell unlimited usage plans. The benefits of this strategy are exemplified in the 57% increase in customer usage in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same quarter in the prior year (measured in hours consumed), which translated into only a 17% increase in Network Access Costs. As a result of these arrangements, our future minimum purchase commitments to our network suppliers have increased by $16.7 million year to date in 2016. 
  Reduction in Share Reserve Under Equity Incentive Plan 
  On July 5, 2016, our Board of Directors amended our 2003 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan") to reduce the number of shares available under the Plan by 15 million shares. The Board took this action as it believed that the number of shares then available far exceeded our needs for the foreseeable future and that it was in the best interest of our stockholders that we reduce our share overhang by this amount. At this time, the Board of Directors also unanimously agreed to rescind the Plan's evergreen provision, which allows for automatic increases of the Plan's share reserve.  As of September 30, 2016, there are 13,901,740  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

shares available under the Plan. The 2003 Equity Incentive Plan, as so amended, is attached as an exhibit on our Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2016 and is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this report. 

Key Operating Metrics 
  Described below are key metrics that we use to evaluate our operating performance.  As our legacy business is no longer significant to our overall revenue or key operating metrics, we have dropped the designation of  OM  (Open Mobile) from these metrics and are just reporting total users. 
  Total iPass Wi-Fi Network Users 
  Total iPass Wi-Fi Network Users (Enterprise and Strategic Partnerships) is the number of our platform users each month in a given quarter that used Wi-Fi network services from iPass.  As our UNLIMITED subscriptions ramp and a significant number of our new or renewal customers are billed under UNLIMITED, this metric will likely transform to a SaaS-like benchmark: number of total subscribers. 
  Total iPass Active Platform Users 
  Total iPass Active Platform Users is the number of users who were billed platform fees and who have deployed the platform, regardless of whether they have actually used the Wi-Fi network services. Similar to Total iPass Wi-Fi Network Users, as our UNLIMITED pricing ramps and a significant number of our new or renewal customers are billed under UNLIMITED, this metric will likely transform to a unified SaaS-like benchmark: number of total subscribers. This metric excludes UNLIMITED subscribers unless they have actively accessed network during the period. 
    
  The following table summarizes the number of active users of iPass services. Each metric below is calculated as the average number of active users per month, during a given quarter, for which a fee was billed by iPass for either Wi-Fi or Platform services: 

The average monthly Wi-Fi network users grew 8,000 or 6% over the prior quarter and 32,000 or 32% over the same quarter in 2015 due to product enhancements, ramping customers, and install base growth. 
  Gross Margin 
  Gross Margin represents Total Revenue less Network Access Costs less Network Operations costs divided by Total Revenue and is comprehensive and insightful to the overall performance of the business, incorporating our overall costs to acquire, support, maintain, and provide network and network related services. Gross margin by quarter over the last five quarters was as follows: 

Deferred revenue (Short-term plus Long-term) 
  Deferred Revenue represents the sales invoiced in advance of recognition under our revenue recognition policy.  The fluctuation of deferred revenue is primarily driven by upfront payments received from our customers for annual subscriptions and fluctuations in number of devices shipped by an OEM strategic partner. Under the OEM agreement, we bill upfront on devices shipped and recognize revenue over the future obligation period to deliver related Wi-Fi services.  The following table represents balances (in thousands) as of the period end date: 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Annual Contract Value ("ACV") 
  Annual Contract Value represents the annualized sales value committed under contract for newly acquired customers or significant upsell, in total across our Enterprise and Strategic Partnership go-to-market strategies, in the period.  While ACV does not represent current revenue, it is a lead indicator of future revenue, especially as we migrate to a more SaaS-like recurring monthly subscription model under UNLIMITED pricing. Because ACV is not an alternative measure for GAAP revenue, but only an operational metric to provide insight on the health and progress of our sales pipeline and revised go-to-market strategy, the signing of committed contract value should not be assumed to have met our entire revenue recognition criteria. For example, while persuasive evidence of an arrangement always exist before reporting ACV, service may not yet have been provided to the customer or collections may not yet be determined to be reasonably assured.  We make reasonable efforts to substantiate the viability of all reported ACV, but future events could change that conclusion.  As an example, when a previously reported ACV customer fails to perform under the committed contract, such remaining calculated ACV will be reversed in the current period reported ACV. The following table represents ACV (in thousands): 

Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization   ( Adjusted EBITDA ) 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA is used by our management as a measure of operating efficiency, financial performance and as a benchmark against our peers and competitors. In addition, we also use this metric as a factor in our incentive compensation payouts. Management also believes that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors because it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties to understand our performance excluding the impact of items which may obscure trends in our core operating performance. Furthermore, the use of Adjusted EBITDA facilitates comparisons with other companies in our industry which may use similar financial measures to supplement their GAAP (accounting principles generally accepted in the United States) results. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net loss adjusted for interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, restructuring charges, CEO exit costs, proxy contest costs and non-recurring legal costs. We adjust for these excluded items because we believe that, in general, these items possess one or more of the following characteristics: their magnitude and timing is largely outside of our control; they are unrelated to the ongoing operation of the business in the ordinary course; they are unusual or infrequent and we do not expect them to occur in the ordinary course of business; or are non-cash expenses involving stock option grants and restricted stock issuances. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure determined in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss) or any other measure determined in accordance with GAAP. 
  The following table reconciles GAAP net loss to Adjusted EBITDA loss (in thousands): 

17 

Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ). The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates and judgments on our historical experience, knowledge of current conditions and our belief of what could occur in the future considering available information, including assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty and actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported based on these policies. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments. 
  There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  See Note 1 "Basis of Presentation and Recent Accounting Pronouncements" included in Part I, Item 1, of this report for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements.  

Results of Operations 
  Sources of Revenue 
  Within our Mobile Connectivity Services, we differentiate and analyze our revenue generation streams as follows: 
  Enterprise (formerly Open Mobile Enterprise or OME)   revenues consist of Wi-Fi, platform, and other fees charged to enterprise customers of the iPass service. Revenues are generated by customers that purchase our service on a per user per month subscription basis or under a variety of other pricing models which may include pay-as-you-go usage, flat rate pricing per active user, separate platform fees, and other ancillary services such as consulting or platform customization. 
  Strategic Partnership (formerly Open Mobile Exchange or OMX)   revenues consist of Wi-Fi, platform, and other fees charged to our strategic partnership customers.  In contrast to Enterprise revenue, pricing on these deals is negotiated specific to the customer needs and can include per device charges, platform only charges (including SDK developer fees), cost-plus or pay-as-you-go arrangements on Wi-Fi usage, and various other pricing mechanisms.  
  Legacy iPC   revenues consist of Dial-up and 3G network, our iPC platform, and related platform services, as well as iPC driven network usage, including iPC user driven Wi-Fi and minimum commit shortfall.  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, overall Mobility Services revenue increased $0.9 million or 6% as compared to the same period in 2015. This was due to higher Strategic Partnership revenue of $1.8 million driven by ramping customers usage and new logo additions, offset in part by a combination of lower Enterprise revenue of $0.6 million and lower Legacy iPC revenue of $0.3 million 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, overall Mobility Services revenue remained flat as compared to the same period in 2015. This was due to a combination of lower Enterprise revenue of $2.9 million and lower Legacy iPC revenue of $1.4 million, offset by higher Strategic Partnership revenue of $4.3 million. Enterprise revenue was lower principally due to churn or writedown of customers, including renegotiated contracts with large carriers that resulted in lower monthly Platform fee commitments. Legacy iPC revenue was lower as a result of the expected reduction in usage for our Legacy and Dial-up  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

services.  Strategic Partnership revenue was higher and has expanded quarter over quarter as we build out our business model surrounding this product offering, open new channels for product distribution and see customers begin to ramp. 
  Gross Margin 
  We use gross margin as a metric to assist us in assessing the profitability of our various network and network related services. Our overall gross margin is defined as total revenue less network access cost less network operations expense divided by total revenue. 

For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, gross margin decreased by 2.4 and 3.3 percentage points, respectively, as compared to the same period in 2015 which is primarily due to the decline in high margin Platform revenue and the growth of Strategic partnership revenue, which has a lower margin .  This was offset in part by lower network operations costs due primarily to the reduction in headcount. 
  Cost of Revenue and Operating Expenses 
  Network Access Costs (NAC) 
  NAC consists of charges for network access which we pay to our network service providers and other direct cost of sales. We purchase NAC in a combination of pay-as-you-go and fixed-price-for-capacity arrangements. 

For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, network access costs increased $1.3 million or 18% and $3.5 million or 17%, respectively, as compared to the same period in 2015. This was mainly due to the increase in Wi-Fi Network Users consuming Wi-Fi hours and the significant trend discussed earlier to commit spend to acquire additional network capacity. 
  For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, network access costs as a percentage of total revenue increased 5.2 and 7.3 percentage points, respectively, as compared to the same period in 2015. This was primarily due to the decrease in platform revenue as there are no network access costs associated with our platform revenues and the increased mix of lower margin inflight revenues. 
  Network Operations 
  Network operations expenses consist of compensation and benefits for our network engineering, customer support and network access quality personnel, outside consultants, transaction center fees, network equipment depreciation, and allocated overhead costs. 

For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, network operations expense decreased $0.3 million or 15% and $1.9 million or 25%, respectively, as compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to decreases in headcount-related expenses as a result of our Q2 2015 and Q1 2016 restructuring plans.  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Research and Development 
  Research and development expenses consist of compensation and benefits for our research and development personnel, software, consulting, and allocated overhead costs. 

For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, research and development expense decreased by $0.8 million or 34% and $2.4 million or 30%, respectively, as compared to the same period in 2015, mainly due to decreases in headcount related expenses as a result of our Q2 2015 and Q1 2016 restructuring plans. 
  Sales and Marketing 
  Sales and marketing expenses consist of compensation, benefits, advertising and lead generation costs, and allocated overhead costs. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, sales and marketing expense increased by $0.1 million or 6%, compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in headcount related costs. 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, sales and marketing expense increased by $0.3 million or 4%, as compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to the increase in commission cost of $0.1 million, and an increase in our marketing programs spending of $0.2 million.  
  General and Administrative 
  General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and benefits for general and administrative personnel, facilities, legal and accounting expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative expense decreased $0.5 million or 17% as compared to the same period in 2015, mainly due to the decrease in professional services and recruiting expenses. 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, general administrative expense decreased $3.0 million or 26% as compared to the same period in 2015, due to a decrease in headcount related cost of $0.6 million as a result of our Q2 2015 and Q1 2016 restructuring plans, a decrease in professional services costs of $1.1 million, a decrease in recruiting costs of $0.3 million, a decrease related to proxy contest costs by $0.4 million incurred in 2015, and a decrease in CEO exit costs by $0.6 million.  

20 

     Table of Contents  

Other Income and Expenses 
  Foreign Exchange Gains and Losses 
  Foreign exchange gains and losses primarily include realized and unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency transactions. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations impact the re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar and generate unrealized foreign exchange gains or losses. In addition, some of our network access costs are invoiced in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. The transactional settlement of these outstanding invoices and other cross-currency transactions generate realized foreign exchange gains or losses depending on the fluctuation of exchange rates between the date of invoicing and the date of payment. 
  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not enter into any hedging contracts. 
  Foreign exchange loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was less than $0.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively primarily due to the re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Foreign exchange loss for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was $72,000 and foreign exchange gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was effectively break even. 

Provision for Income Taxes 
  Income tax expense for each of the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $0.1 million and $0.2 million, and is primarily related to foreign taxes on expected profits in the foreign jurisdictions. Income tax expense for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was approximately $29,000 and $0.2 million, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  We had cash and cash equivalents of $17.2 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $20.3 million at December 31, 2015. 

Operating Activities 
  Net cash used in operating activities decreased by approximately $5.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015.  Cash used as a result of net loss, after adjustment for non-cash items, decreased by approximately $7.9 million driven mostly by the decrease in net loss and the stock based compensation expense adjustment related to the termination of employees during the first and second quarter of 2015 whose grants were canceled. Changes in working capital were unfavorable $2.4 million as a result of timing of payables, receivables and flattening of the 2015 deferred revenue build. 
  Investing Activities 
  Net cash provided by investing activities decreased by approximately $1.2 million for the nine months ending September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015. This decrease is primarily a result of the release of restricted cash during the second quarter of 2015 offset in part by lower purchases of property and equipment during 2016. 
  Financing Activities 
  Net cash provided by financing activities increased by approximately $2.2 million for nine months ending September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015. The increase is related to the $2.5 million of incremental cash collected on option exercises during the first three quarters of 2016, offset by $0.3 million paid for the repurchased shares.  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

Sources of Cash and Future Cash Requirements 
  We have historically relied on existing cash and cash equivalents and cash flow from operations for our liquidity needs. We use a professional investment management firm to manage a large portion of our cash which is invested primarily in money market accounts. We believe that based on our current business plan and revenue prospects and our anticipated cash flows from operations, our existing cash balances will be sufficient to meet our working capital and operating resource expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
  The amount of cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries as of each of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, was $0.5 million. We currently do not intend to distribute any of our cumulative earnings by our foreign subsidiaries to the parent company in the U.S. 

Primary Uses of Cash 
  Our principal use of cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was for network access costs, payroll related expenses, payments for vendor financing equipment purchase, reduction in force severance payments and the stock repurchase program. 

Contractual Obligations 
  The following are our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)               See Note 8 "Commitments and Contingencies" 
    
  Our contractual commitments at December 31, 2015, were $14.0 million. For information on our contractual commitments at December 31, 2015, see  Contractual Obligations  in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  As part of our ongoing business, we do not participate in transactions that generate material relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or for other contractually narrow or limited purposes. We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of SEC Regulation S-K. 

22 

Table of Contents  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  Exchange Rate Risk 
  We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in conducting business globally in numerous currencies, of which the most significant to our operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, were the Euro, the British Pound, and the Indian Rupee. We are primarily exposed to foreign currency fluctuations related to network access costs and other operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. As such, we benefit from a stronger U.S. Dollar and may be adversely affected by a weaker U.S. Dollar relative to each foreign currency. Currently, we do not enter into currency forward exchange or option contracts to hedge foreign currency exposures. The impact of foreign currency fluctuations is also discussed in  Foreign Exchange Gains and Losses  under Item 2,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
  Interest Rate Risk 
  As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $17.2 million and no short-term investments or restricted cash. As of December 31, 2015, we had cash and cash equivalents of $20.3 million and no short-term investments or restricted cash. Our cash balances are held primarily in bank deposits and money market accounts with a remaining maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase. As a result, we do not believe we are exposed to material interest rate risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  As of the end of the period covered by this report, management of iPass conducted an evaluation, under the 
  supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the 
  design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 
  13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). Our disclosure controls and procedures 
  are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report because of the material weakness in our internal controls described below. In light of the material weakness described below, iPass performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure our interim consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). Accordingly, management concluded that the financial statements included in this report present fairly in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows for the period presented. 
  As disclosed in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the first and second quarters of 2016, we identified a material weakness in our controls around analyzing significant, complex, or unusual arrangements, and the related application of relevant GAAP. We determined our review and approval controls around these arrangements lacked proper segregation of duties between the process owner and the control owner. The material weakness could result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. We have initiated remediation efforts, and over the past quarters, we have started to implement several measures including hiring a seasoned Corporate Controller that is responsible for all technical accounting analysis, implementing additional reviews of complex and unusual arrangements and engaging third party experts when and if additional significant, complex, or unusual arrangements arise. Our remediation efforts will continue throughout our fiscal year 2016. We expect that the material weakness will be remediated during fiscal year 2016 once the controls in place have been operational for a sufficient period of time to allow management to conclude that these controls are operating effectively. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, except as noted above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  Inherent Limitations of Disclosure Control and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within iPass have been detected. 
  
   23 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report and our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following are important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks or such other risks actually occur, our business could be harmed. 
  Our risk factors have not changed substantively from those set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, which are set forth below, other than the deletion of the risk factor regarding meeting the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market, as on March 23, 2016, we received a letter from Nasdaq stating that we had regained compliance with the Nasdaq bid price rule and Nasdaq s previous notification of non-compliance with the Nasdaq bid price rule has been closed. 
  If customer adoption and deployment of our revised, cloud-based     platform is slower than we expect, our ability to significantly grow our services business and achieve profitability could be harmed. 
  The future success of our business will depend in large part on our current and prospective customers  timeliness of adoption and deployment of our revised, cloud-based platform and related services. Key risks associated with our platform and services are as follows: 
  Customer adoption and deployment of our platform may be slow.   We believe that the growth of our business is dependent on the timely adoption and deployment of the revised, cloud-based platform by our customers. A material delay in the adoption and deployment of the platform by our customers, will adversely impact our ability to grow revenues and achieve profitability. 
  Customer deployment of our platform may not result in increased use of our services.   We believe it is important to the future success of our business that users of our services increase their usage and network services to validate our value proposition. We believe that the deployment by our customers of our platform will lead to increased usage of our platform services and correspondingly, our network services, which will lead to an increase in our revenue. However, even if a significant portion of our customers deploy our platform, there is no guarantee that our customers will use our services more frequently. 
  Our platform may have technical limitations that cause our customers to delay adoption or deployment.    There is risk that the platform may contain technological limitations, bugs or errors that would cause our customers to not adopt or delay the adoption of the platform. If some or all of these risks associated with our platform were to occur, adoption and deployment of our platform may not occur and our business could be harmed. 
  If our Strategic Partnership service offerings do not achieve expanded market acceptance, our ability to grow our business could be harmed. 
  Our Strategic Partnership (previously referred to as OMX) service offerings were introduced in 2011 and incorporate our platform, global authentication fabric, and global Wi-Fi network to provide reseller, wholesale, and partners around the world with the infrastructure to offer their customers new Mobile Connectivity Services. We have entered into contracts with a number of customers for our Strategic Partnership services, but ramping revenues takes time to develop. We have devoted significant resources to building our Strategic Partnership service line of business. If Strategic Partnership service offerings do not achieve expanded market acceptance and generate meaningful revenues our financial condition may be harmed. 
  If competitive cellular data roaming rates decline precipitously, our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted. 
  For our network services to be attractive to our customers, the cost of cellular roaming must be meaningfully greater than the cost of our Wi-Fi network services. Currently, in certain geographies such as Asia, cellular roaming prices are not significantly higher than our rates for Wi-Fi access. In Europe, legislation has enacted mandating the reduction of wholesale cellular roaming prices. If cellular roaming prices do not remain meaningfully higher than our Wi-Fi network prices, then our ability to sell our Mobile Connectivity Services could be impacted and our business harmed. It is our intention to continue to drive the price of Wi-Fi down to insure Wi-Fi connectivity remains an economically viable and customer preferred connectivity option. 
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

If key global Wi-Fi venues offer  no charge  Internet access to all users, our network revenues could be negatively affected. 
  We derive a significant portion of our network revenue from providing Wi-Fi access in certain key venues (e.g., hotels, airports, trains, and cafes). In general, these venues charge their customers for Wi-Fi access. If these venues begin offering Wi-Fi access at no charge, the amount we can charge our customers for Wi-Fi access at these venues will likely decrease or we may not charge our customers for Wi-Fi access at these venues. We are proponents of free Wi-Fi as our service platform overlays benefits for all connectivity; security, ease of use, and broad coverage.  And we have engaged partnerships to include free Wi-Fi in our available footprint.  As we migrate more of our users to our UNLIMITED offering, pay-as-you-go pricing becomes less relevant to our revenue streams and the risk of free Wi-Fi decreases. 
  If we do not accurately predict network usage for our Flat Rate or iPass UNLIMITED price plans, our costs could increase without a corresponding increase in network revenue. 
  A significant number of our customers have purchased our Flat Rate network price plans, and we are signing new customers to our iPass UNLIMITED plan. In these plans, our customers pay a flat rate price to access our network services. However, in many situations we continue to pay our providers based on actual network usage (pay-as-you-go). The rate we charge in these plans is based on statistical predictions of usage across a pool of users within a customer. If actual usage is higher than expected our ability to achieve profitability could be negatively impacted. 
  Starting in 2014, we implemented certain fixed rate buying structures with some providers to mitigate this risk. However, buying network access at a fixed rate creates additional risk if our customers were to use less Wi-Fi in the future, which could result in our costs exceeding our revenues and could negatively impact our profitability. 
  If demand for mobile connectivity services does not grow or grows in ways that do not require use of our services, we may experience a decline in revenues and profitability. 
  The growth of our business is dependent, in part, upon the increased use of mobile connectivity services and our ability to capture a higher proportion of this market. If the demand for mobile connectivity services does not continue to grow, or grows in ways that do not require use of our services, then we may not be able to grow our business, or achieve profitability. Increased usage of our services depends on numerous factors, including: 
             
    Willingness of enterprises to make additional information technology expenditures; 
                
    Availability of security services necessary to ensure data privacy over a variety of networks; 
                
    Quality, cost and functionality of our services and competing services; 
                
    Increased adoption of wireless broadband access methods and our ability to support these new methods; 
                
    Proliferation of smartphones, tablets and mobile handheld devices and related applications, and our ability to provide valuable services and support for those devices; 
                
    Our ability to partner with mobile network operators and service providers that are willing to stimulate consumer awareness and adoption of our services; and 
                
    Our ability to timely implement technology changes to our services to meet evolving industry standards for mobile devices, Wi-Fi network access and customer business requirements. 
     If we are unable to meet the challenges posed by Wi-Fi access, our ability to profitably grow our business may be impaired. 
  A substantial portion of the growth of our business has depended, and will continue to depend, in part upon our ability to expand our global Wi-Fi network. Such an expansion may not result directly in additional revenues to us, but building and maintaining a large footprint is key to our value proposition. Key challenges in expanding our Wi-Fi network include: 
  The Wi-Fi access market continues to develop at a rapid pace.   We derive a significant portion of our revenues from wireless broadband  hotspots,  such as certain airports, hotels and convention centers. The Wi-Fi access market continues to develop rapidly, in particular: the market for enterprise connectivity services through Wi-Fi is characterized by evolving industry standards and specifications and there is currently no uniform standard for Wi-Fi access. Furthermore, although the use of wireless frequencies generally does not require a license in the United States and abroad, if Wi-Fi frequencies become subject to licensing requirements, or are otherwise restricted, this would substantially impair the growth of Wi-Fi access. Some large telecommunications providers and other stakeholders that pay large sums of money to license other portions of the wireless spectrum may seek to have the Wi-Fi spectrum become subject to licensing restrictions. If the Wi-Fi access market develops in ways that limit access growth, our ability to generate substantial revenues from Wi-Fi access could be harmed. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

The Wi-Fi service provider market is highly fragmented.   There are currently many Wi-Fi service providers that provide coverage in only one or a small number of hotspots. We have entered into contractual relationships with numerous Wi-Fi service providers. These contracts generally have an initial term of two years or less. We must continue to develop relationships with many providers on terms commercially acceptable to us to provide adequate coverage for our customers  mobile workers and Strategic Partners' devices and to expand our Wi-Fi coverage. We may also be required to develop additional technologies to integrate new wireless broadband services into our service offering. If we are unable to develop these relationships or technologies, our ability to grow our business could be impaired. 
  Consolidation of large Wi-Fi service providers may impair our ability to expand network service coverage, negotiate favorable network access terms, and deliver consistent service in our network.   The telecommunications industry is rapidly evolving and highly competitive. These factors may cause large Wi-Fi network service providers to consolidate, which would reduce the number of network service providers from which we are able to obtain network access in key locations. If significant consolidation occurs, we will have a smaller number of network service providers to acquire Wi-Fi network access from and we may not be able to provide additional or sufficient redundant access points in some geographic areas, which could diminish our ability to provide broad, reliable, redundant coverage. Further, our ability to negotiate favorable access rates from Wi-Fi network service providers could be impaired, which could increase our network access expenses and harm our operating results. 
  Wi-Fi service provider actions may restrict our ability to sell our services.   Some Wi-Fi network providers restrict our ability to sell access to their networks to our resellers whom they consider competitive with them. This can reduce our revenue by limiting the footprint our partners can make available to their customers. 
  Significant dependency on key network providers could negatively affect our revenues. 
  There are certain venues (hotels, airports, airplanes, cafes, etc.) globally where we depend on key providers for network access in those venues. In addition, in certain geographies we depend on a small number of providers for a large portion of network access. If such a provider were to go out of business, terminate their agreement with us, encounter technical difficulty such that network access was not available to our customers for an extended period of time, it could have a negative impact on our revenues and profitability if we cannot find an alternative provider to enable network access in those venues or geographies. 
  We face competition in the market for mobile connectivity services, which could make it difficult for us to succeed. 
  While we do not believe there are service providers in the mobile connectivity services market that offer a platform or range of services in an integrated offering as we do, we compete with a variety of service providers, including facilities-based carriers, cloud-based platform operators and mobility management solution providers. Some of these providers have substantially greater resources, larger customer bases, longer operating histories and/or greater name recognition than we have. In addition, we face the following challenges: 
  Many of our competitors can compete on price.   Because many of our facilities-based competitors own and operate physical networks they may be able to provide additional hotspot access at little incremental cost to them. As a result, they may offer network access services at a lower cost, and may be willing to discount or subsidize network access services to capture other sources of revenue. In contrast, we have traditionally purchased network access from facilities-based network service providers to enable our network access service and in these cases, may not be able to compete aggressively on price. In addition, new cloud-based platform operators may enter the mobile connectivity services market and compete on price. In either case, we may lose business or be forced to lower our prices to compete, which could reduce our revenues. 
  Many of our competitors offer additional services that we do not, which enables them to bundle these services and compete favorably against us.   Some of our competitors provide services that we do not, such as cellular data roaming, local exchange and long distance services, voicemail and digital subscriber line, or DSL, services. Potential customers that desire these services on a bundled basis may choose to subscribe to network access from a competitor that provides these additional services. 
  Our potential customers may have unrelated business relationships with our competitors and consider those relationships when deciding between our services and those of our competitors.   Many of our competitors are large facilities-based carriers that purchase substantial amounts of services or provide other services or goods unrelated to network access services. As a result, if a potential customer is also a supplier to one of our large competitors, or purchases unrelated services or goods from our competitor, the potential customer may be motivated to purchase its network access services from our competitor to maintain or enhance its business relationship with that competitor. In addition, our current or potential carrier customers may already have or may consider buying services from mobility management solution providers which may impact our ability to sell our services to those customers as well as drive market prices down for the services that we offer. 
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

Users may take advantage of free Wi-Fi networks for Internet and corporate access.   Telecommunications providers may offer free Wi-Fi as part of a home broadband or other service contract, which may force down the prices which the market will bear for our services and could reduce our revenues. 
  If our strategic and channel partners do not successfully market our services to their customers, then our ability to grow our revenues could be impaired. 
  We sell our services directly through our sales force and indirectly through our strategic and channel partners, which include telecommunication carriers, systems integrators, value-added resellers, and business to business to consumer partnerships. A large percentage of our sales outside the United States are made through these partners. Our business depends on the efforts and the success of these partners in marketing our services to their customers. Our own ability to promote our services directly to our partners  customers is often limited. Many of our partners may offer services to their customers that may be similar to, or competitive with, our services. Therefore, these partners may not actively promote our services. If our partners fail to market our services effectively, our ability to grow our revenue could be reduced and our business may be impaired. 
  Our revenue and overall profitability may be adversely impacted by material reductions in existing customer and partner purchase commitments. 
  Our customers and partners have traditionally entered into contractual provisions that require them to pay the greater of the fees generated from the use of our services or a minimum committed amount over a pre-determined time period. Minimum commitments are negotiated by customers to improve their unit pricing, effectively guaranteeing a certain volume to achieve a reduced unit price. Recent global economic conditions in certain cases caused our customers and partners to generate fees from the use of our services that are significantly less than their minimum committed amounts. Consequently, this shortfall has caused some partners and customers upon renewal of their contracts with us, to renew with a lower minimum commitment and in some cases with no minimum commitment. Additionally, in some cases partners and customers are requesting a re-evaluation of their minimum commitments on a prospective basis during the term of their existing contract; to maintain these commercial relationships, we have addressed these requests on a contract by contract basis. The reduction or elimination of minimum purchase commitments could result in lower future revenues. 
  Our software is complex and may contain errors that could damage our reputation and decrease usage of our services. 
  Our software may contain errors that interrupt network access or have other unintended consequences. If network access is disrupted due to a software error, or if any other unintended negative results occur, such as the loss of billing information, a security breach, unauthorized access to our cloud-based platform or the introduction of a virus by our software onto our customers  computers or networks, our reputation could be harmed and our business may suffer. Our contracts generally limit our exposure to incidental and consequential damages and to the extent possible, we further limit our exposure by entering into insurance policies that are designed to protect our customers and us from these and other types of losses. If these contract provisions are not enforced or enforceable, or if liabilities arise that are not effectively limited or insured, our operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
  Because a meaningful portion of our business is international, we encounter additional risks, which may impact our revenues and profitability. 
  We generate a substantial portion of our revenues from international customers. Revenues from customers domiciled outside of the United States were approximately 57% of our revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, of which approximately 44% were generated in the EMEA region and approximately 13% were generated throughout the rest of the world. The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. Dollar and we currently bill nearly all of our services in U.S. Dollars. However, we pay certain expenses in local currencies. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not enter into any hedging contracts to manage foreign currency exposure. Our international operations subject our business to specific risks that could negatively impact our business, including: 
             
    Generally longer payment cycles for foreign customers; 
                
    The impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on both the attractiveness of our USD-based pricing and our operating results, particularly upon the re-measurement of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the transactional settlement of outstanding local currency liabilities; 
                
    High taxes, and related complexities and changing compliance requirements in some foreign jurisdictions; 
                
    Difficulty in complying with Internet and data privacy related regulations in foreign jurisdictions; 
                
    Difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting these rights; and 
                
    Ability to efficiently deploy capital and generate returns in foreign jurisdictions. 
     
   27 

     Table of Contents  

The June 23, 2016 referendum by British voters to exit the European Union (  Brexit ) adversely impacted global markets, including currencies, and resulted in a decline in the value of the British pound, as compared to the U.S. dollar and other currencies. Volatility in exchange rates is expected to continue in the short term as the United Kingdom (U.K.) negotiates its exit from the European Union. In the longer term, any impact from Brexit on our business, financial results and operations, will depend, in part, on the future terms of the U.K. s relationship with the E.U., and could create uncertainty surrounding our business, including our relationships with our existing and future customers, suppliers and employees. 
  We may be exposed to credit risk, collection risk and payment delinquencies on our accounts receivable. 
  A substantial majority of our outstanding accounts receivables are not secured. Our standard terms and conditions permit payment within a specified number of days following the receipt of our services. While we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on our receivables, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit our collection risk and avoid losses. In addition, under poor global economic conditions, certain of our customers have faced and may face liquidity concerns and have delayed and may delay or may be unable to satisfy their payment obligations, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 
  Our sales cycles are lengthy and could require us to incur substantial costs that may not result in related revenues. 
  Our Strategic Partnership revenue stream is characterized by a lengthy sales cycle. Once a contract with a partner is signed there is typically an extended period before the customer or customer s end-users actually begin to use our services, which is when we begin to realize revenues. As a result, we may invest a significant amount of time and effort in attempting to secure a customer which may not result in any revenues in the near term. Even if we enter into a contract, we may have incurred substantial sales-related expenses well before we recognize any related revenues. If the expenses associated with sales efforts increase and, we are not successful in our sales efforts, or we are unable to generate associated offsetting revenues in a timely manner, our operating results could be harmed. 
  Cyber security risks and privacy concerns related to Internet-based services could reduce demand for our services. 
  The secure transmission of confidential information and mission critical data when using Internet-based services is extremely important to our customers. A key component of our ability to attract and retain customers is the security measures that we have engineered into our network for the authentication of the end-user s credentials. These measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access to our customers  networks. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage networks change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures against unauthorized access or sabotage. If an actual or perceived breach of network security occurs, that is attributable to our services, the market perception of the effectiveness of our cyber security measures could be harmed resulting in a negative impact to our business. 
  As part of providing our services, we collect certain information about the users of our service. As such we must comply with evolving laws and regulations regarding the protection and disclosure of such user information. While we have taken steps to comply with applicable privacy laws and regulations and to protect user information, any well-publicized compromises of our users  data may reduce demand for our services and harm our business. 
  We rely significantly on information technology to accurately bill our customers and any failure, inadequacy or interruption of that technology could negatively impact our ability to report on our financial performance on a timely basis. 
  A key component of our ability to attract and retain customers is the timely and accurate furnishing of monthly detail billing records of activity on our network, rated for the agreements in place with both our customers and our suppliers. Our ability to meet these billing requirements, as well as to effectively manage and maintain our books and records and internal reporting requirements, depends significantly on our internal information technology. 
  If licenses to third party technologies do not continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost, or at all, our business and operations may be adversely affected. 
  We license technologies from several software providers that are incorporated into our services. We anticipate that we will continue to license technology from third parties in the future. Licenses to third party technologies may not continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost, or at all. The loss of the right to use these technologies or other technologies that we license could have an adverse effect on our services and increase our costs or cause interruptions, degradations or delays in our services until substitute technologies, if available, are developed or identified, licensed and successfully integrated into our services. 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

Litigation arising out of intellectual property infringement could be expensive and disrupt our business. 
  We cannot be certain that our services do not, or will not, infringe upon patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property rights held by third parties, or that other parties will not assert infringement claims against us. Any claim of infringement of proprietary rights of others, even if ultimately decided in our favor, could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. Successful claims against us may result in an injunction or substantial monetary liability, which in either case could significantly impact our results of operations or materially disrupt the conduct of our business. If we are enjoined from using a technology, we will need to obtain a license to use the technology, but licenses to third-party technology may not be available to us at a reasonable cost, or at all. 
  To compete we must attract and retain key employees, and our failure to do so could harm our results of operations. 
  To compete we must attract and retain executives, sales representatives, engineers and other key employees. Hiring and retaining qualified executives, sales representatives and engineers are critical to our business, and competition for experienced employees in our industry can be intense. If we experience an unexpected significant turnover of our executives, sales representatives, engineers and other key employees it will be difficult to achieve our business objectives and could adversely impact our results of operations. 
  If we fail to develop and effectively market our brand, our operating results may be harmed. 
  We believe that expanding awareness of the iPass brand is important to growing and achieving acceptance of our platform and services. We have increased our marketing efforts, including new promotional and marketing activities, to further implement our global marketing objectives. These promotional and marketing activities may not result in any increased revenue. Further, any potential revenue increase as a result of these promotional and marketing activities may not offset the expenses incurred in further promoting the iPass brand.   

Item 6. Exhibits 
  See the Index to Exhibits which follows the signature page of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and which is incorporated herein by reference. 

29 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

iPass Inc. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Darin R. Vickery 

Darin R. Vickery 

Chief Financial Officer 
  (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

30 

Table of Contents  

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

31 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-311q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION  
  I, Gary A. Griffiths, certify that:  
  1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of iPass Inc.;  
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 7, 2016 

By: 
      
    /  S  /    Gary A. Griffiths           

Gary A. Griffiths 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-312q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION  
  I, Darin R. Vickery, certify that:  
  1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of iPass Inc.;  
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
    
                           Date: November 7, 2016 

By: 
      
    /  S  /    Darin R. Vickery         

Darin R. Vickery 

Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex-321q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE  
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350  
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of iPass Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Gary A. Griffiths, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:  
    
                 (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

By: 
      
    /  S  /    Gary A. Griffiths          

Gary A. Griffiths 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of iPass Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex-322q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2  
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE  
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350  
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of iPass Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Darin R. Vickery, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:  
    
                 (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

By: 
      
    /  S  /    Darin R. Vickery             

Darin R. Vickery 

Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of iPass Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ipas-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ipas-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ipas-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ipas-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ipas-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ipas-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

