<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161012_10-Q_edgar_data_1297223_0001062993-16-011695_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2970340</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103870</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>263962</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>325068</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1563166</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>647437</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>21</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-011695.hdr.sgml : 20161012
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161011212340
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-011695
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161012
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161011

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HANDENI GOLD INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001297223
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				980430222
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50907
		FILM NUMBER:		161932289

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 33507, PLOT 82A, ITV ROAD,
		STREET 2:		MIKOCHENI LIGHT INDUSTRIAL AREA,
		CITY:			DAR ES SALAAM
		STATE:			W0
		ZIP:			-
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011-255-222-700-084

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 33507, PLOT 82A, ITV ROAD,
		STREET 2:		MIKOCHENI LIGHT INDUSTRIAL AREA,
		CITY:			DAR ES SALAAM
		STATE:			W0
		ZIP:			-

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Douglas Lake Minerals Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040714

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-011695.txt : 20161012

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Handeni Gold Inc. - Form 10-Q - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C.
20549    
   FORM 10-Q    
 [X] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the quarterly period ended   August 31, 2016   
 [   ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 Commission File Number:   000-50907    
    HANDENI GOLD INC.    
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada   
 
        98-0430222   

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
      organization) 
 
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification
      No.) 

P.O. Box 33507,  

Plot 82A, ITV Road, Mikocheni Light Industrial Area,

N/A   

Dar es Salaam, the United Republic of Tanzania

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
      (Zip Code) 
   
   +255 222 70 00 84   (Registrant s telephone
number, including area code)  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.  Yes [X]        No
[   ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 Yes [X]        No [   ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer,   non-accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer [   ]  
     Accelerated
      filer                   [  
      ]   
   
     Non-accelerated filer   [   ] (Do not
      check if a smaller reporting company)  
     Smaller reporting company [X]
     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes [  
]        No [X]  
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date:
   2,142,778 shares of common stock as of October 10, 2016.    

HANDENI GOLD INC.   
  Quarterly Report On Form 10-Q    For the Quarterly
Period Ended    August 31, 2016    
 INDEX  

PART
      I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      2

Item
      1.   
      Financial
      Statements   
      2

Item
      2.   
      Management s
      Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
        
      20

Item
      3.   
      Quantitative
      and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      30

Item
      4.   
      Controls
      and Procedures   
      30

PART
      II   OTHER INFORMATION   
      30

Item
      1.   
      Legal
      Proceedings   
      30

Item
      1A.   
      Risk
      Factors   
      31

Item
      2.   
      Unregistered
      Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      31

Item
      3.   
      Defaults
      Upon Senior Securities   
      31

Item
      4.   
      Mine
      Safety Disclosures   
      31

Item
      5.   
      Other
      Information   
      31

Item
      6.   
      Exhibits
        
      31
          
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements in
this quarterly report include, among others, statements regarding our capital
needs, business plans and expectations. Such forward-looking statements involve
risks and uncertainties regarding the market price of gold, availability of
funds, government regulations, permitting, common share prices, operating costs,
capital costs, outcomes of ore reserve development, recoveries and other
factors. Forward-looking statements are made, without limitation, in relation to
operating plans, property exploration and development, availability of funds,
environmental reclamation, operating costs and permit acquisition. Any
statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be
deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  will ,  should ,
 expect ,  plan ,  intend ,  anticipate ,  believe ,  estimate ,  predict ,
 potential  or  continue , the negative of such terms or other comparable
terminology. Actual events or results may differ materially. In evaluating these
statements, you should consider various factors, including the risks outlined in
our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2016, and, from time
to time, in other reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  SEC ). These factors may cause our actual results to differ
materially from any forward-looking statement. Given these uncertainties,
readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking
statements.  
 1  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
  Item
1.                    
Financial Statements   
 The following unaudited interim consolidated financial
statements of Handeni Gold Inc. (sometimes referred to as  we ,  us  or  our
Company ) are included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q:  

Page    

Consolidated
      Balance Sheets   
      3

Interim
      Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss   
      4

Interim
      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      5

Notes
      to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements   
      6
          
 2  

Handeni Gold Inc.  Consolidated Balance Sheets
 (Expressed in U.S. dollars)   
 
 (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim
consolidated financial statements)  
 3  

Handeni Gold Inc.  Interim Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Loss (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  (Unaudited)

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim
consolidated financial statements)  
 4  

Handeni Gold Inc.  Interim Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  (Unaudited)  
 
 (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim
consolidated financial statements)  
 5  

Handeni Gold Inc.   Notes to the Interim Consolidated
Financial Statements as of August 31, 2016  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)
 (Unaudited)   

1.   
     
        Nature of Operations and Going Concern    

The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on
      January 5, 2004. On February 14, 2012, the Company changed its name from
      Douglas Lake Minerals Inc. to Handeni Gold Inc. (the  Company ). The
      Company s principal business is the acquisition and exploration of mineral
      resources located in Tanzania, Africa. The Company has not presently
      determined whether its properties contain mineral reserves that are
      economically recoverable.   

These consolidated financial statements have been
      prepared on a going concern basis, which implies the Company will continue
      to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course
      of business. The Company has never generated revenues since inception and
      has never paid any dividends and is unlikely to pay dividends or generate
      earnings in the immediate or foreseeable future. The continuation of the
      Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial
      support from its stockholders, the ability of the Company to obtain
      necessary equity financing to continue operations and to determine the
      existence, discovery and successful exploitation of economically
      recoverable reserves in its resource properties, confirmation of the
      Company s interests in the underlying properties, and the attainment of
      profitable operations.   

As at August 31, 2016, the Company has not generated any
      revenues, has a working capital deficiency of $427,635 and has accumulated
      losses of $118,117,209 since inception. These factors raise substantial
      doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
      Company plans to raise equity and/or debt financing to fund its operations
      which may result in substantial dilution to the Company s stockholders or
      may not be available, if at all, in amounts or on terms acceptable to the
      Company. If additional capital is not obtained, the Company may be forced
      to cease operations. These consolidated financial statements do not
      include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of
      recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be
      necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
      Such adjustments could be material.   

2.   
     
        Summary of Significant Accounting
  Policies      

a)  
     
       Basis of Presentation   

These consolidated financial statements and related notes
      are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
      in the United States, and are expressed in U.S. dollars. These
      consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and
      its subsidiaries described as follows. In June 2011, the Company
      incorporated in Tanzania a wholly-owned subsidiary, HG Limited (formerly
      DLM Tanzania Limited), which undertakes mineral property exploration
      activities in Tanzania. The Company also has a wholly-owned non-operating
      Tanzanian subsidiary (Douglas Lake Tanzania Limited).   

All significant intercompany transactions and balances
      have been eliminated. The Company s fiscal year-end is May 31.   

b)  
     
       Interim Consolidated Financial Statements   

The interim unaudited consolidated financial statements
      have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
      accepted in the United States for interim financial information and with
      the instructions to Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) Form 10-Q.
      They do not include all of the information and footnotes required by
      generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial
      statements. Therefore, these financial statements should be read in
      conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements
      and notes thereto for the year ended May 31, 2016, included in the
      Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 19, 2016 with the
      SEC.   

The interim financial statements included herein are
      unaudited; however, they contain all normal recurring accruals and
      adjustments that, in the opinion of management, are necessary to present
      fairly the Company s financial position at August 31, 2016, and the
      results of its operations and cash flows for the interim period ended
      August 31, 2016. The results of operations for the three months ended
      August 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be
      expected for future quarters or the full year.   

c)  
     
       Use of Estimates   

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
      accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
      requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
      reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
      financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses in
      the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and
      assumptions related to the recoverability and useful life of long-lived
      assets, mineral prospecting licenses, stock-based compensation, deferred
      income tax asset valuation allowances and contingent liabilities. The
      Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical
      experience and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable
      under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
      judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the
      accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other
      sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ
      materially and adversely from the Company s estimates. To the extent there
      are material differences between the estimates and the actual results,
      future results of operations will be affected.    
 6  

Handeni Gold Inc.   Notes to the Interim Consolidated
Financial Statements as of August 31, 2016  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)
 (Unaudited)   

2.   
     
        Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
      (continued)    

d)  
     
       Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Share   

The Company computes net income (loss) per share in
      accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings per Share  which requires
      presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) on the
      face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income
      (loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted
      average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period.
      Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares
      outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method and
      convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing
      diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining
      the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock
      options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if
      their effect is anti-dilutive.   

The Company retroactively adjusted the number of common
      shares outstanding in accordance with ASC 260-10-55-12,  Earnings per
      Share   Implementation Guidance and Illustrations.  ASC 260-10-55-12
      requires the computations of basic and diluted EPS shall be adjusted
      retroactively for all periods presented to reflect that change in capital
      structure, if the number of common shares outstanding increases as a
      result of a stock dividend or stock split or decreases as a result of a
      reverse stock split. If changes in common stock resulting from stock
      dividends, stock splits, or reverse stock splits occur after the close of
      the period but before the consolidated financial statements are issued or
      are available to be issued, the per-share computations for those and any
      prior-period consolidated financial statements presented shall be based on
      the new number of shares. If per-share computations reflect such changes
      in the number of shares, that fact shall be disclosed.   

e)  
     
       Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

ASC 220,  Comprehensive Income  establishes
      standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive income (loss) and
      its components in the consolidated financial statements. As at August 31,
      2016, the Company has no component of other comprehensive income (loss)
      and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).   

f)  
     
       Cash and Cash Equivalents   

Cash and cash equivalents are carried at fair value and
      they comprise cash on hand, deposits held with banks and other highly
      liquid investments. Highly liquid investments are readily convertible to
      cash and generally have maturities of three months or less from the time
      acquired. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high
      quality financial institutions which the Company believes limits credit
      risk.   

g)  
     
       Equipment   

Property and equipment consists of office equipment,
      automobiles and computer software recorded at cost and depreciated on a
      straight- line basis as follows:     

Automobile equipment  
     3 years   
   
     Camp and equipment  
     3 years   
   
     Office furniture and equipment  
     3 years   
   
     Software  
     1 year

h)  
     
       Mineral Property Costs   

The Company has been in the exploration stage since its
      inception on January 5, 2004 and has not yet realized any revenues from
      its planned operations. It is primarily engaged in the acquisition and
      exploration of mining properties. Mineral property exploration costs are
      expensed as incurred. Mineral prospecting licenses and mineral property
      acquisition costs are initially capitalized in accordance with ASC
      805-20-55-37,  Whether Mineral Rights are Tangible or Intangible
      Assets . The Company assesses the carrying costs for impairment under
      ASC 360-10-35-21,  Accounting for Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
      Assets,  whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
      carrying costs may not be recoverable.   

When it has been determined that a mineral property can
      be economically developed as a result of establishing proven and probable
      reserves, the costs then incurred to develop such property, are
      capitalized. Such costs will be amortized using the units-of-production
      method over the estimated life of the probable reserve. If mineral
      properties are subsequently abandoned or impaired, any capitalized costs
      will be charged to operations.   

i)  
     
       Long-Lived Assets   

In accordance with ASC 360 , Property, Plant and
      Equipment  the Company tests long-lived assets or asset groups for
      recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their
      carrying amount may not be recoverable. Circumstances which could trigger
      a review include, but are not limited to: significant decreases in the
      market price of the asset; significant adverse changes in the business
      climate or legal factors; accumulation of costs significantly in excess of
      the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of the
      asset; current period cash flow or operating losses combined with a
      history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the
      use of the asset; and current expectation that the asset will more likely
      than not be sold or disposed significantly before the end of its estimated
      useful life.    
 7  

Handeni Gold Inc.   Notes to the Interim Consolidated
Financial Statements as of August 31, 2016  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)
 (Unaudited)   

2.   
     
        Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
      (continued)    

i)  
     
       Long-Lived Assets (continued)   

Recoverability is assessed based on the carrying amount
      of the asset and its fair value, which is generally determined based on
      the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and
      the eventual disposal of the asset, specific third-party appraisal in
      certain instances, and evaluation of the project characteristics and level
      of advancement. If the Company is unable to estimate the sum of the
      undiscounted future net cash flows, it will adopt a market approach to
      estimate fair value by using a combination of observed market value
      metrics based on comparable transactions. An impairment loss is recognized
      when the carrying amount is not recoverable and exceeds fair
  value.   

j)  
     
       Asset Retirement Obligations   

The Company accounts for asset retirement obligations in
      accordance with the provisions of ASC 440,  Asset Retirement and
      Environmental Obligations,  which requires the Company to record the
      fair value of an asset retirement obligation as a liability in the period
      in which it incurs a legal obligation associated with the retirement of
      tangible long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction,
      development and/or normal use of the assets. The Company did not have any
      asset retirement obligations as of August 31, 2016 and May 31,
  2016.   

k)  
     
       Financial Instruments   

ASC 825,  Financial Instruments,  requires an entity
      to maximize the use of observable inputs, and the fair value of financial
      instruments, which include cash, restricted cash equivalent, restricted
      marketable securities, and accounts payable were estimated to approximate
      their carrying values due to the immediate or short-term maturities of
      these financial instruments.   

The Company s operations are in Canada and Africa, which
      results in exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency
      rates. The financial risk is the risk to the Company s operations that
      arise from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and the degree of
      volatility of these rates. Currently, the Company does not use derivative
      instruments to reduce its exposure to foreign currency risk.   

l)  
     
       Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and
      liability method in accordance with ASC 740,  Income Taxes.  The
      asset and liability method provides that deferred tax assets and
      liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of
      temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of
      assets and liabilities, and for operating loss and tax credit
      carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the
      currently enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the
      differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation
      allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed
      more likely than not to be realized.   

m)  
     
       Foreign Currency Translation   

The functional and reporting currency of the Company is
      the United States dollar. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
      foreign currencies are translated to United States dollars in accordance
      with ASC 830,  Foreign Currency Translation Matters , using the
      exchange rate prevailing at the consolidated balance sheet date.
      Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
      translated at rates of exchange in effect at the date of the transaction.
      Average rates are used to translate revenues and expenses.   

Gains and losses arising on translation or settlement of
      foreign currency denominated transactions or balances are included in the
      determination of income. The Company has not, to the date of these
      consolidated financial statements, entered into derivative instruments to
      offset the impact of foreign currency fluctuations.   

To the extent that the Company incurs transactions that
      are not denominated in its functional currency, they are undertaken in
      Canadian dollars ( Cdn$ ) and Tanzanian shillings. The Company has not, to
      the date of these consolidated financial statements, entered into
      derivative instruments to offset the impact of foreign currency
      fluctuations.   

n)  
     
       Stock-based Compensation   

The Company records stock-based compensation in
      accordance with ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Based Compensation,
       and ASC 505,  Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees , which
      requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense based on
      estimated fair values for all share-based awards made to employees and
      directors, including stock options.   

ASC 718 requires companies to estimate the fair value of
      share-based awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The
      Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model as its method of
      determining fair value. This model is affected by the Company s stock
      price as well as assumptions regarding a number of subjective variables.
      These subjective variables include, but are not limited to the Company s
      expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, and actual
      and projected employee stock option exercise behaviours. The value of the
      portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as
      an expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive
      loss over the requisite service period.   

All transactions in which goods or services are the
      consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are
      accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the
      fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably
      measurable.    
 8  

Handeni Gold Inc.   Notes to the Interim Consolidated
Financial Statements as of August 31, 2016  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)
 (Unaudited)   

2.   
     
        Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
      (continued)    

o)  
     
       Reclassification   

Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior
      periods  consolidated financial statements to conform to the current
      period s presentation.   

p)  
     
       Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

The Company has adopted all new accounting pronouncements
      that are mandatorily effective and none have a material impact on its
      consolidated financial statements.   

New accounting pronouncements effective June 1,
      2016    

The Company does not believe that there are any new
      accounting pronouncements that have been issued that are expected to have
      a material impact on its financial position or results of
    operations.     

3.   
     
        Amounts Receivable    

The components of amounts receivable are as
    follows:     

5.   
     
        Restricted Cash Equivalent    

As of August 31, 2016, the Company has pledged a GIC of
      $13,152 ($17,250 CAD) (May 31, 2016: $13,158 ($17,250 CAD)) as security
      held on a corporate credit card. The $6 difference compared to May 31,
      2016 is attributed to loss on unrealized Canadian dollar foreign
      exchange.   

6.   
     
        Mineral Properties and Licenses    

Handeni Properties, Tanzania, Africa   

a)  
     
       Prospecting Licenses ( PLs )   

On September 21, 2010, the Company completed a Mineral
      Property Acquisition Agreement with IPP Gold Limited ( IPP Gold ), and the
      Company acquired four PLs totaling approximately 800 square kilometers,
      located in the Handeni District of Tanzania (the  Handeni Properties ).
      IPP Gold retained a 2.5% net smelter royalty ( NSR ) on the Handeni
      Properties and the Company has the option to reduce the NSR to 1.25% by
      paying $5,000,000. If the NSR is reduced to 1.25% the maximum NSR for any
      year is capped at $1,000,000. In any year the NSR payment is less than
      $1,000,000 the difference between the actual NSR payment and $1,000,000
      will be carried forward to subsequent years. In addition if the London
      spot price for gold is equal to or greater than $1,500 then the NSR will
      increase from 2.5% to 3%. The Company issued 888,889 (133,333,333
      pre-consolidation) restricted shares of common stock to IPP Gold to
      acquire the Handeni Properties and no further payments to IPP Gold in
      shares or cash are required.    
 9  

Handeni Gold Inc.   Notes to the Interim Consolidated
Financial Statements as of August 31, 2016  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)
 (Unaudited)   

6.   
     
        Mineral Properties and Licenses
  (continued)    

Handeni Properties, Tanzania, Africa
  (continued)     

a)  
     
       Prospecting Licenses ( PLs ) (continued)   

On September 1, 2010, the Company entered into a
      Transaction Fee Agreement with a consultant for services related to
      soliciting offers from and in assisting in the negotiation with potential
      Company financiers, purchasers, acquisition targets and/or joint venture
      development partners (each such party being a  Potential Investor ). The
      initial term of the agreement was a period of 60 days and automatically
      renews monthly unless otherwise specifically renewed in writing by each
      party or terminated by the Company. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company
      agreed to pay the consultant a transaction fee for each completed property
      acquisition transaction in Tanzania (a  Completed Transaction ). The
      transaction fee is 12.5% of the shares issuable under each Completed
      Transaction, payable in restricted common shares at the lowest priced
      security issuable under each Completed Transaction. On September 30, 2010,
      the Company issued 111,111 (16,666,667 pre-consolidation) restricted
      shares of common stock pursuant to the Transaction Fee Agreement in
      relation to the acquisition of the Handeni Properties.   

The fair value of the 888,889 (133,333,333
      pre-consolidation) shares of the Company s common stock issued to IPP Gold
      pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement and the 111,111 (16,666,667
      pre-consolidation) shares of the Company s common stock issued pursuant to
      the Transaction Fee Agreement totaled $60,000,000. On November 30, 2010,
      the capitalized acquisition costs of the Handeni Properties were tested
      for impairment by the Company s management as required by ASC 360.
      Management determined that no positive cash flows from the Handeni
      Properties could be identified or supported and a full impairment loss was
      recognized in expenses for the $60,000,000 acquisition cost.   

Under Tanzanian law, 50% of the area of PLs need to be
      relinquished following a period of three years after allocation of the PLs
      to the Company (1998 Mining Act applicable to the Companies  PLs). The
      Company has received four renewal PLs of the renewal areas under
      PL6742/2010, PL6744/2010, PL6743/2010 and PL6779/2010 effective on October
      5, 2013, September 13, 2013, October 13, 2013 and September 13, 2013,
      respectively. These four PLs namely PL6742/2010 (4/10/2016), PL6743/2010
      (12/10/2016), PL6744/2010 (12/09/2016) and PL6779/2010 (12/09/2016) are
      valid with their current sizes to dates indicated in brackets. Following
      these dates each of the PLs sizes need to be reduced by 50% according to
      Tanzanian mining law. HNDI is currently delineating the new PL outlines,
      to comply with a 50% reduction in size, in collaboration with the Ministry
      of Energy and Minerals, a process that should be finished during the month
      of October 2016. The total area occupied by the renewal licenses is
      approximately 359.80 km 2  or 45% of the original area.   

In addition to the renewal areas, the Company had also
      applied for the remainder of the license areas and has received four
      additional PLs under PL9853/2014, PL10000/2014, PL10262/2014 and
      PL10409/2014 effective on July 2, 2014, July 22, 2014, September 25, 2014
      and December 2, 2014, respectively. These four PLs are valid for four
      years and cover areas of 63.23 km 2 . The Company now holds a
      total license area of approximately 423.03 km 2  (53% of its
      original 800 km 2  license area).   

b)  
     
       Primary Mining Licenses ( PMLs )   

On August 5, 2011, the Company entered a Mineral Property
      Acquisition Agreement (the  2011 Acquisition Agreement ) with Handeni
      Resources Limited ( Handeni Resources ), a limited liability company
      registered under the laws of Tanzania. The Chairman of the Board of
      Directors of the Company has an existing ownership and/or beneficial
      interest(s) in Handeni Resources. Pursuant to the 2011 Acquisition
      Agreement, the Company had an exclusive option to acquire from Handeni
      Resources a 100% interest in mineral licenses covering an area of
      approximately 2.67 square kilometers to the east of Magambazi Hill, which
      is adjacent to the area covered by the Company s four existing PLs in the
      Handeni District.   

On November 30, 2011, the Company completed the 2011
      Acquisition Agreement and issued 100,000 (15,000,000 pre-consolidation)
      restricted common shares to Handeni Resources as payment. As at November
      30, 2011, the fair market price of the Company s common stock was $0.11
      per share; accordingly, the Company recorded a total fair market value of
      $1,650,000 as the mineral licenses acquisition cost.   

To comply with the laws and regulations of the Republic
      of Tanzania whereby foreign companies may not own PMLs, on July 19, 2012,
      the Company entered into an Addendum agreement to the 2011 Acquisition
      Agreement whereby Handeni Resources, on behalf of the Company, administers
      the 32 PMLs until such time as a mining license on the 32 PMLs (2.67
      km 2 ) have been allocated. During this period Handeni Resources
      is conducting exploration and mining activities on the PMLs as directed by
      the Company.   

As at May 31, 2016, the Company had recognized an
      impairment loss of $235,000 with respect to the carrying value of its
      mineral licenses as a result of management s intention to let four of the
      32 PMLs pertaining to the Handeni Properties lapse. This impairment loss
      represents the write-off of the original acquisition cost relating to
      these four PMLs. As the intention to let these four PMLs lapse was
      considered an indicator of impairment, management performed a
      recoverability test for the remaining 28 PMLs and noted that their
      carrying value did not exceed their estimated fair value, thereby
      resulting in no additional impairment loss.    
 During the three months ended August
31, 2016, the Company paid $1,800 (the three months ended August 31, 2015:
$1,223) in annual rental and licenses renewal fees for PLs. Such license related
fees have been recorded as exploration expenses on the consolidated statement of
operations and comprehensive loss.  
 10  

Handeni Gold Inc.   Notes to the Interim Consolidated
Financial Statements as of August 31, 2016  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)
 (Unaudited)   

7.   
     
        Equipment      

During the three months ended August 31, 2016, the
      Company sold certain of its fully amortized equipment and recognized a
      gain on disposal of $35,000 (the year ended May 31, 2016: $10,653) in the
      consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss.   

8.   
     
        Related Party
Transactions      

11  

Handeni Gold Inc.   Notes to the Interim Consolidated
Financial Statements as of August 31, 2016  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)
 (Unaudited)   

9.   
     
        Common Stock and Additional Paid-in
  Capital    

The authorized common stock of the Company consists of
      500,000,000 shares, with $0.001 par value. On June 8, 2016, the Company
      effected a reverse stock split (the  Reverse Split ) of its issued and
      outstanding shares of common stock, in which one (1) new share was
      exchanged for one-hundred-fifty (150) old shares (1:150), as set for in a
      Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation
      effected and filed on May 24, 2016 with the Nevada Secretary of
    State.   

As a result of the Reverse Split, the Company s issued
      and outstanding shares of common stock have decreased from 321,416,653
      shares of common stock to 2,142,778 shares of common stock. The Company
      gave retroactive effect in the consolidated financial statements for the
      Reverse Split at May 31, 2016.   

During the three months ended August 31, 2016, the
      Company had no changes in its common stock and additional paid-in
      capital.   

10.   
     
        Stock Options    

The Company adopted a Stock Option Plan, dated November
      29, 2010 (the  November 2010 Stock Incentive Plan ), under which the
      Company is authorized to grant stock options to acquire up to a total of
      266,667 (40,000,000 pre-consolidation) shares of common shares. The stock
      options outstanding are exercisable for cash or on a cashless exercise
      basis using a prorated formula whereby the number of shares issuable is
      equal to (a) the average closing price for the five days prior to exercise
      date ( ACP ) in excess of the exercise price, divided by (b) the exercise
      price multiplied by (c) the number of options exercised.   

During the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015,
      there were no stock options granted or exercised. As at August 31, 2016
      and May 31, 2016, there were no intrinsic values attributed to outstanding
      options, all stock options were fully vested, and the Company had 71,333
      (10,700,000 pre-consolidation) shares of common stock available to be
      issued under the November 2010 Stock Incentive Plan.   

The following table summarizes the continuity of the
      Company s stock options:     

11.   
     
        Fair Value Measurements    

ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ,
      requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
      the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820
      establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent,
      objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A
      financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is
      based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
      measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be
      used to measure fair value:    
  Level 1  applies to assets or
liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities.  
  Level 2  applies to assets or
liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are
observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets
or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or
liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less
active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are
observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable
market data.  
  Level 3  applies to assets or
liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology
that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or
liabilities.  
 Pursuant to ASC 820, the fair value of
cash and restricted cash equivalent are determined based on Level 1 inputs,
which consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. As at
August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, there were no Level 2 and Level 3 inputs and
no liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis presented on the
Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 Management believes that the recorded
values of all of the Company s other financial instruments approximate their
current fair values because of their nature and respective maturity dates or
durations. Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis were presented on
the Company s consolidated balance sheets as of August 31, 2016 and May 31,
2016, as follows: 
 12  

Handeni Gold Inc.   Notes to the Interim Consolidated
Financial Statements as of August 31, 2016  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)
 (Unaudited)   

11.   
     
        Fair Value Measurements
  (continued)      

12.   
     
        Segment Disclosures    

The Company operates in one reportable segment, being the
      acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. Segmented information
      has been compiled based on the geographic regions that the Company and its
      subsidiary registered and performed exploration and administration
      activities. Assets by geographical segment are as
  follows:     

13  

Item
2.                    
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   
 The following discussion of our financial condition, changes in
financial condition and results of operations for the three months ended August
31, 2016 and 2015 should be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim
consolidated financial statements and related notes for the three months ended
August 31, 2016 and 2015 included herewith and our audited consolidated
financial statements as at May 31, 2016 and 2015 included in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 as filed with the SEC. All
financial information in this Management s Discussion and Analysis ( MD A 
or the  discussion ) is expressed and prepared in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. All dollar references are to the U.S. dollar,
the Company s reporting currency, unless otherwise noted. Some numbers in this
MD A have been rounded to the nearest thousand for discussion purposes. 
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
  This MD A contains forward-looking statements that
involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions with respect to the Company s
activities and future financial results, which are made based upon management s
current expectations and beliefs. These forward-looking statements involve risks
and uncertainties, including statements regarding the Company s capital needs,
business plans and expectations. Our actual results may differ materially from
those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many
factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth under  Risk Factors  and
elsewhere in this annual report. Any statements contained herein that are not
statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements.
Management disclaims any obligation to publicly update these statements, or
disclose any difference between its actual results and those reflected in these
statements. Given these uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on such forward-looking statements.  
  Overview   
 We are engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral
properties. Our principal area of focus is the Handeni Gold Project located in
the Handeni district, within the Tanga region of the Republic of Tanzania in
East Africa, in which we have interests in mineral claims through prospecting
licenses ( PLs ) and/or primary mining licenses ( PMLs ) issued by the
government of the Republic of Tanzania. None of our mineral claims contain any
substantiated mineral deposits, resources or reserves of minerals to date.
Exploration has been carried out on these claims, in particular the eight PLs in
the Handeni District. Accordingly, additional exploration of these mineral
claims is required before any conclusion can be drawn as to whether any
commercially viable mineral deposit may exist on any of our mineral claims. Our
plan of operations is to continue exploration and drilling work when funds are
available in order to ascertain whether our mineral claims warrant further
advanced exploration to determine whether they possess commercially exploitable
deposits of minerals. We will not be able to determine whether or not any of our
mineral claims contain a commercially exploitable mineral deposit, resource or
reserve, until appropriate exploratory work has been completed and an economic
evaluation based on that work concludes economic viability. 
 We are considered an exploration or exploratory stage company,
because we are involved in the examination and investigation of land that we
believe may contain valuable minerals, for the purpose of discovering the
presence of ore, if any, and its extent. There is no assurance that a
commercially viable mineral deposit exists on the properties underlying our
mineral claim interests, and considerable further exploration will be required
before a final evaluation as to the economic and legal feasibility for our
future exploration is determined.  
 Illegal artisanal activity on the Company s license areas is a
continuous and remaining concern to the company s interests in the Handeni
district. During the past 2 years illegal artisanal activities on our properties
seriously interfered with the company s exploration programs as outlined in our
quarterly reports. The Company has and is addressing this issue with responsible
local, regional and central government authorities on a continuous basis. The
Company was given assurances by the Ministry of Energy and Minerals (the  MEM )
that illegal artisanal miners would be removed from our target areas, including
Mjembe and Target 5 following an agreed date of at first 24 November 2015, then
postponed to April 2, 2016.The Company can now gladly report that on 16 and 20
June 2016 illegal miners were removed by governmental authorities and the police
force from two of our target areas namely Ngwila and Mjembe. The Company is
establishing a base camp on the Mjembe site to continue with exploration and to
secure the site from interference by illegal artisanal miners. Although the
Company is relieved that the Tanzanian government acted to protect our legal
interests, we are of the opinion that much more needed to be done to address the
illegal artisanal problem with the aim of having a long term solution. The
Company will continue to follow all available legal structures to protect our
exploration assets whilst at the same time work with authorities and artisanal
miners to further the interest of both parties based on a secure legal
framework. Not Handeni Gold Inc.or Tanzania as a country can afford the
sterilization of its mining assets by unbridled illegal artisanal activity as it
is currently conducted.  
  Our Mineral Claims   
   Handeni District Gold Project    
  Location and Access   
 The Handeni Gold properties lie within the historic Handeni
artisanal gold mining district, located in Tanga Province, roughly 175 km
northwest of Tanzania s largest city, Dar Es Salaam, and 100 km southwest of the
more northerly coastal city of Tanga (Fig. 1). The road from Dar Es Salaam to
Tanga is paved; the secondary road that heads northwest from this road to the
town of Handeni, a distance of 65 km, has recently been paved. The Handeni
properties are located roughly 35 km south of the town of Handeni along a
secondary gravel road. From this point, a number of dirt roads head south across
various portions of the Handeni property and beyond. Driving time from Dar Es Salaam to the Handeni Gold
properties is approximately five hours, depending on traffic and the weather. 
 20  

Prospecting Licenses (PLs)   
 Currently, our primary focus is on the undivided 100% legal,
beneficial and registerable interest in and to eight PLs, located in the Handeni
District of Tanzania. The total area held by the Company in the Handeni district
is now 423.03 km 2  (Fig. 2) (Table 1). 
    
 Table 1: List of Prospecting Licenses, Handeni Property (prior
to the 2013 renewal of the licenses)  

21  

Following the 2013 renewal of the properties and acquisition of
PLs in the current period, the Company now holds interests in PLs with details
as described in Table 2, below.  
 Table 2: Handeni Gold Prospecting Licenses 

During September and October of 2016, the company will need to
(by Tanzanian law) reduce the areas of some of our PL s by 50% which will result
in the company holding an area of approximately 211 km 2  as
prospecting licenses. 
 To expand its operations to the Lake Victoria gold fields, the
company applied for a prospecting license (PL11157/2016) bordering an active
mining site with the ore zone potentially extending to the PL of interest.  
  Primary Mining Licenses (PMLs)  
 On November 30, 2011, the Company acquired from Handeni
Resources a 100% interest in primary mining licenses covering an area of
approximately 2.67 square kilometers to the east of Magambazi Hill (Figs. 2 and
4). To comply with the laws and regulations of the Republic of Tanzania whereby
foreign companies may not own PMLs, on July 19, 2012, the Company:  

(1)  
     
       entered into an Addendum agreement to the 2011
      Acquisition Agreement whereby Handeni Resources will administer the 32
      PMLs until such time as a mining license ( ML ) on the 32 PMLs (2.67
      km 2 ) have been allocated; and   

(2)  
     
       during this period Handeni Resources will be conducting
      exploration and mining activities on the PMLs as directed by the
      Company.    
 An enlargement of the  excluded area  as delineated on Fig. 2
is presented below (Fig. 3). An area within the outline of the 32 PML s without
a PML number (Fig. 3) has now been confirmed to be part of PL6743/2010. The
block of 32 PMLs, shown in grey below, belongs to the Company as described above
and are being explored.  
    
 West of the western border of PL 6743/2010 are several more
PMLs that do not belong to the Company. The area colored in green (Fig. 3) is a
unitized block of four PMLs that were apparently acquired by Canaco Resources
Inc. ( CRI ) (now East Africa Metals Inc.) from their owners.  
 22  

Handeni District Project   
 We obtained a Technical Report on the Handeni Property (the
 Handeni Report ), dated April 25, 2011, as prepared at our request by Avrom E.
Howard, MSc, FGA, PGeol (Ontario), Principal Consultant at Nebu Consulting LLC.
Mr. Howard is a Qualified Person in accordance with Canadian National Instrument
43-101  Standards for Disclosure of Mineral Projects  and its Companion Policy
(collectively,  NI 43-101 ) and is a Practicing Professional Geologist
registered with the Association of Professional Geoscientists of Ontario
(registration number 0380).  
 Subsequent to the publishing of the April 25, 2011 NI 43-101
report by Mr. Howard, the Company produced numerous in-house technical reports
and is in the process of compiling an updated NI 43-101 report that will include
the updated model for mineralization on our Handeni property. The drilling
conducted by the Company was done implementing and following Quality Control and
Quality Assessment procedures recommended by SRK (Stephen, Robertson and
Kirsten).  
  Property Description   
  General  
 Exploration, mining and related activities is regulated and
controlled under the Mining Act of 1998 (revised in 2010) (the  Mining Act ).
Tanzania is Africa s fourth leading gold producer, with several major companies
producing and exploring for gold, mostly in northwestern Tanzania, south of Lake
Victoria, in an area informally known as the Lake Victoria gold belt.  
  The Handeni Property   
 The increase in gold prices at the turn of the century and
consequent increase in artisanal gold mining activity in the Handeni area led to
the discovery of deposits of placer gold, in turn leading in 2003 to a classic
gold rush. The discovery and mining of lode deposits followed, soon after, along
with the growth of a shanty mining town at the northern base of Magambazi Hill.
 
 Between 2005 and 2010, IPP Gold carried out exploration over
its Prospecting Reconnaissance License leading to the upgrading of its holdings
from one PLR to four PL s of 800 km 2 , in August 2010. Exploration
work included airborne magnetic and radiometric surveys, ground magnetic
surveys, reconnaissance geological mapping, soil sampling, pitting and
trenching. It is these four PLs that were acquired by the Company from IPP Gold
under the September 2010 agreement. Geological Setting  Regional
Geology Regional geological mapping programs led to the recognition of
several major litho-structural provinces from Archean to recent age in Tanzania.
The Archean craton covers most of the western two thirds of the country, roughly
bounded to the east by the East African Rift. Archean rocks host all of the
country s kimberlite pipes and contained lode diamond deposits, and most of its
lode gold deposits. The Archean basement terrain is bounded to the east and west
by a series of Proterozoic mobile belts; this area, particularly that to the
east, hosts most of the country s wide variety of colored gemstone deposits.
Some recent research suggests that portions of this assumed Proterozoic terrane
may actually consist of Archean crust that has undergone a later phase of higher
grade metamorphism.  
 The Handeni district forms part of the Tanzanian Mozambique
belt. The belt was subjected to four tectonothermal events at 830-800Ma, ~760Ma,
630-580Ma and 560-520Ma. All except the last attained upper amphibolite /
granulite grade metamorphic conditions.  Property Geology  The Handeni area
is situated in the Palaeoproterozoic, Usugaran/Ubendian Metamorphic Terrane of
Tanzania, along the northern extension of the north-trending Proterozoic
Mozambique Mobile Belt. 
 The geology of the Handeni area comprises amphibolite to
granulite facies metamorphic rocks interpreted to originally have formed a
sequence of ultramafic to felsic volcanic flows, black shales and quartz-bearing
sedimentary rocks. It is furthermore interpreted to comprise a
metamorphosed/overprinted eastern extension/remnant of the Lake Victoria
cratonic greenstone belt. High grade metamorphism has converted these original
lithologies to a variety of metamorphic equivalents, including
biotite-hornblende-garnet-pyroxene gneiss, migmatitic augen garnet-
hornblende-pyroxene gneiss, quartzo-feldspathic hornblende-biotite-pyroxene
gneiss, pyroxene-hornblende-biotite-garnet granulite and others.  
 Recent research by geologists from the University of Western
Australia suggests that much of what has previously been considered to be of
Proterozic age (Usagaran System) may in fact be overprinted Archean crust. This
hypothesis has been invoked to help interpret the geology within which gold in
this area is found and as the basis for an analogy between this gold
mineralization and that found in less metamorphosed, bona fide Archean rocks in
the Lake Victoria gold district, a few hundred km to the northwest. However,
this is a hypothesis only, one that may be used for exploration modeling
purposes but one that still requires more work.  
  Mineralization   
 The Handeni property is at an early stage of exploration. There
are no known mineral resources or reserves on the Handeni property, nor are
there any known economically mineable deposits on the property. Gold is found
within garnet-amphibolite zones within biotite-feldspar gneiss at three k n o w
n locations in the Company s property, locations where historical lode gold
occurrences have been documented. Gold occurs in quartz veins as well as within
the garnet amphibolites adjacent to the quartz veins. Proof of this association
is informally corroborated by the testimony of local, illegal artisanal miners,
who recover gold both from quartz veins and gold-bearing gneiss that is not
quartz vein bearing. Gold in the Company s property has also been documented in
soils and placers, at a variety of locations, as well.  
 23  

Our geophysical and structural geological interpretation on
which the drilling program conducted in 2012 was based, supported the
mineralization model described above in broad terms. 
 Whereas gold was known in the Handeni area prior to the arrival
in 2005 of the Company s predecessor, IPP Gold, there is no history of any
formal exploration in the area aside from limited work at Magambazi Hill itself
and the work conducted in recent years by Canaco (East African Metals) in the
region.  
 Handeni Gold s intensive early exploration program following
the Company s September 2010 agreement with IPP achieved the following in terms
of mineralization on the properties:  

It outlined a number of locations where intensive placer
      and illegal artisanal gold mining took place within the Handeni property,
      notably the Kwandege, Magambazi and Mjembe areas.    

A helicopter based TEM electromagnetic and radiometric
      aerial survey program clearly delineated subsurface geological features of
      importance to gold and base metal mineralization in this high grade
      metamorphic terrain. The data proved to be invaluable in the definition of
      structurally important sites and target definition and was key in defining
      areas for ground geophysical surveys including ground magnetics, -
      radiometrics and I.P (Induced Polarization Surveys). Based on this
      exploration, priority drill targets were selected including Magambazi East
      as well as the Kwandege targets that were subsequently drilled.    

Twenty-eight (28) diamond core holes (5,347 meters) were
      drilled on the Magambazi East and related targets and delineated a gold
      enriched mineralization zone extending for a distance of approximately 500
      meters to the south east of the Magambazi Hill mineralization as defined
      by CRI. Based on drill data and re-interpretation of this target we are
      now convinced that the gold potential of this target may be proven or
      disproven with drilling of 5 directional drill holes.    

Thirty-seven (37) drill holes (4,989 meters in total)
      have been drilled on the Kwandege mineralized zone, completing the first
      phase drilling program on this project. Twenty-six of the 32 drill holes
      on the main Kwandege target yielded gold assay values of more than 0.5 g/t
      over a one-meter interval or thicker intersection, whereas four of the
      remaining holes had anomalous gold values of up to 0.49 g/t. An important
      feature of the Kwandege target is the fact that low level gold values (0.5
      g/t to 1 g/t) were encountered in numerous intersections in the drill
      holes and also confirmed by the latest assay results. Anomalous gold with
      some potentially economic intersections have been encountered in an E - W
      (strike) direction of 1,501 meters (based on the results of the completed
      phase 1 drilling program). The open ended nature of the mineralization in
      an E-W direction was confirmed. Recently acquired data confirms the
      potential of the Kwandege target area as part of a much larger structure
      with high gold potential. In terms of our new geological model continued
      drilling on the Kwandege target is highly recommended.    

The results of the soil sampling program on Target 5
      yielded gold in soil values of up to 200 ppb. Au (gold) assay results
      received for 2331 samples coincides with a magnetic and electro-magnetic
      geophysical anomaly on surface over an area of approximately 1.8 km (N-S)
      by 900 m (E-W). The evaluation of this target is to be continued by
      pitting, trenching and ground IP. The exploration on this target was
      interrupted by the on-going activity of illegal artisanal miners. The
      activity of these miners and the fact that their activity might lead to
      the sterilization of a potentially viable gold deposit forced the company
      to avoid work on the site as our activities may provide clues as to our
      interpretation of the mineralization. It is hoped that the evacuation of
      miners from the Mjembe target by authorities as described above will
      discourage illegal artisanal activity on Target 5.    

Data collected from our intensive efforts to delineate
      alluvial gold mineralization with economic potential yielded the
      following:      

a)  
     
       The fluvial environment has the largest potential for the
      extraction of coarse grained gold in the Handeni area.   

b)  
     
       A large proportion of gold is contained as fine grained
      gold. This conclusion was based on the fact that geochemically analyzed
      samples of the same locations as the bulk sampled areas yielded
      significantly higher gold values.   

c)  
     
       Some specific horizons in the fluvial horizon yield
      higher values than others.   

d)  
     
       Allowing for a mere 50% efficiency of the applied
      processes, the overburden, the grade as well as consistency of gold on the
      alluvial targets evaluated thus far our results indicated that secondary
      gold mineralization is not economically mineable.   

e)  
     
       Recent activities of illegal artisanal miners on our
      Ngwila alluvial target provided a classic example of the disastrous effect
      of illegal artisanal miners on a potential viable gold deposit. Within a
      period of 2 months the activity of a thousand or more illegal miners led
      to the almost certain sterilization of a low grade alluvial gold deposit
      by unplanned pitting and excavation along a strike distance of more than 1
      km. Although the illegal activity was stopped by authorities, exploration
      and potential resource determination on this deposit will now require a
      substantially larger exploration budget.     

The exploration results on our Mjembe target defined a
      significant potential gold mineralization zone with a high correlation
      between geochemical, structural and geophysical data. Mjembe will be the
      Company s primary target during the 2016/2017 field season. The potential
      of this area has been exploited by illegal artisanal miners. As described
      above the area has now been secured and our exploration activities are
      continuing.     
  Exploration conducted during the past three months
included:   
 The company is currently focusing exploration on its Mjembe
target area (Target 7). Our evaluation of the Mjembe target areas is that gold
is present in rocks formed during ductile, transitional and brittle deformation
episodes   a classical example of mobilization and remobilization of gold over a
long term period of geological deformation and metamorphism. Exploration on
Target 7 (Mjembe) was highly successful and 3 potential drill sites have been
delineated within the larger Mjembe target area. A limited grab sampling program
was conducted on illegal artisanal sites within the Mjembe target. The results
in these primary source rocks are highly encouraging with visible gold present
in many of the samples. Twelve grab samples (12 kg each) on illegal artisanal
mine dumps yielded gold values of between 2 and 7 grams per ton. These mine
dumps are providing minimum values for gold as they represent an un-concentrated
mixture of  ore zone , hanging wall and foot wall material. HNDI is currently
planning an exploration shaft to enable the company to gain a better
understanding of the nature of the structural geology on the Mjembe-1 project as
well as to conduct bulk sampling on the mineralization zone. Whole rock samples
collected from a 60 m long and up to 10 m deep trench dug on our Mjembe-1 target
yielded gold values of up to 6,1 g/t on specific horizons. The trench provided
the necessary geological input to effectively determine the position of the
exploration shaft.  
 24  

The Company is still experiencing illegal mining
      activities on its Mjembe targets despite the fact that exploration on this
      target is now continuing as reported above.    

XRF analyses and evaluation of drill core on the
      Magambazi East and Kwandege sites continued.    

An updated NI43-101 is being compiled. Based on the
      strategic and confidential nature of the results contained in this report
      and the Company s experiences gained over the past three years related to
      the securing of our exploration targets, it is deemed in the company s
      interest not to publish this report at this stage.    

The Company now has 5 high potential drill targets of the
      17 areas investigated in detail on its approximately 423 km 2
       license areas in the Handeni district. Significant anomalous results
      have been achieved on 3 additional targets.    

Detail geological mapping on the Gole sheath fold, a
      structural feature of 11 km by 4.5 km (Targets 12, 13, 14 and 17), have
      commenced and is continuing. Potential gold bearing amphibolite zones have
      been identified, which will be the focus of further investigation. Due to
      a lack of funding the Gole target will most likely not be further explored
      during the 2016/2017 field season.    

Further detailed mapping was conducted on Target 16. This
      was followed by gold assays using specialized geochemical techniques to
      test the potential of increasing the effectivity of the Company s soil
      sampling program. The results were highly successful and the Company will
      implement this technique on Target 10 when funds become available.
      
  Compliance with Government Regulation   
 We are subject to local laws and regulation governing the
exploration, development, mining, production, importing and exporting of
minerals; taxes; labor standards; occupational health; waste disposal;
protection of the environment; mine safety; toxic substances; and other matters.
We require licenses and permits to conduct exploration and mining operations.
Amendments to current laws and regulations governing operations and activities
of mining companies or more stringent implementation thereof could have a
material adverse impact on our Company. Applicable laws and regulations will
require us to make certain capital and operating expenditures to initiate new
operations. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to close an
operation once it is started until a particular problem is remedied or to
undertake other remedial actions. This would have a material adverse effect on
our results and financial condition. 
 Four of our mineral interests in Tanzania are currently held
under PLs granted pursuant to the Mining Act for an initial period of three
years and are renewable in two successive periods of two years only. The
remaining four PL s are being held under the 2010 Mining Act and are valid for
an initial period of 4 years (the initial period expiring in 2018 (Table 2)).
Following this the first renewal is for 3 years and the second renewal for 2
years, each renewal accompanied by a mandatory relinquishment of at least 50% of
the license area. The application fees are $300 on initial application and $300
for each renewal. There is a preparation fee of $500 applicable on each license.
The annual rent for the licenses are $100/km 2  (initial period),
$150/km 2  (1 st  renewal) and $200/km 2 
(2 nd  renewal). 
 All PLs in Tanzania require the holder to employ and train
local residents, typically amounting to $5,000 per year, and make exploration
expenditures, as set out in the Mining Act. At each renewal, at least 50% of our
licensed area must be relinquished. If we wish to keep the relinquished one-half
portion, we must file a new application for the relinquished portion.  
 The geographical area covered by a PL may contain one or more
previously granted PML s. A PML is a mining license granted only to a Tanzanian
citizen consisting of an area of not to exceed 10 hectares. Once a PL is
granted, no additional PMLs can be granted within the geographical area covered
by the PL. The PL is subject to the rights of previously granted and existing
PMLs. The holder of a PL will have to work around the geographical area of the
PML unless the PL holder acquires the PML and any rights to the land covered by
the PML.  
 We must hold a mining license to carry out mining activities,
which are granted only to the holder of a PL covering a particular area. A
mining license is granted for a period of 25 years or the life of the mine. It
is renewable after 10 years for a period not exceeding 15 years. Other than the
PMLs being held under Handeni Resources, we do not hold any mining licenses,
only PLs. An application for the 32 PMLs being held under agreement by Handeni
Resources to be changed into a mining license (ML) is underway. Prospecting and
mining license holders must submit regular reports in accordance with mining
regulations. Upon commercial production, the government of Tanzania imposes a
royalty on the gross value of all production at the rate of 3% of all gold
produced. The applicable regulatory body in Tanzania is the Ministry of Energy
and Minerals.  
 In July 1999, environmental management and protection
regulations under the Mining Act came into force. An environmental impact
statement and an environmental management plan must accompany special mining
license, mining license and gemstone mining license applications for mineral rights. In addition to the
establishment of environmental regulations, the Tanzanian government has
improved management procedures for effective monitoring and enforcement of these
regulations by strengthening the institutional capacity, especially in the field
offices. The government has provided rules for the creation of reclamation funds
to reinstate land to alternative uses after mining and it has developed
guidelines for mining in restricted areas, such as forest reserves, national
parks, near sources of water and other designated areas. These regulations have
not had any material effect on our operations to date.  
 25  

Competition   
 We operate in a highly competitive industry, competing with
other mining and exploration companies, and institutional and individual
investors, which are actively seeking minerals exploration properties throughout
the world together with the equipment, labour and materials required to exploit
such properties. Many of our competitors have financial resources, staff and
facilities substantially greater than ours. The principal area of competition is
encountered in the financial ability to cost effectively acquire prime minerals
exploration prospects and then exploit such prospects. Competition for the
acquisition of minerals exploration properties is intense, with many properties
available in a competitive bidding process in which we may lack technological
information or expertise available to other bidders. Therefore, we may not be
successful in acquiring, exploring and developing profitable properties in the
face of this competition. No assurance can be given that a sufficient number of
suitable minerals exploration properties will be available for acquisition,
exploration and development.  
  Employees   
 Other than our directors and executive officers, we had
approximately four full-time equivalent employees and consultants located in
Tanzania as of August 31, 2016. We also utilize independent geologists and
consultants on a contract basis to conduct the work programs on our mineral
properties in order to carry out our plan of operations.  
  Research and Development Expenditures   
 We have not incurred any research or development expenditures
since our incorporation.  
  Subsidiaries   
 The Company has two subsidiaries, both of which are Tanzanian
companies: (i) HG Limited (formerly DLM Tanzania Limited); and (ii) Douglas Lake
Tanzania Limited, which is inactive.  
  Plan of Operations   
 Our plan of operations through our fiscal year ending May 31,
2017 is to continue to focus on the exploration of our Handeni mineral property
in Tanzania, and the budget for this plan requires approximately $0.6 million
for our plan of the exploration work, $100,000 for mineral licenses fees and a
minimum of $0.5 million for our general and administration expenses,
professional and consulting fees and other operating expenses. 
 Handeni Gold Inc. has clearly identifiable goals for its
exploration program in Tanzania, which has been adapted to reflect recent
changes in the situation on the ground and our exploration activities: 

a)  
     
       The company will now focus on its outlined drill targets
      for the next financial year, including Mjembe, Targets 5 and Target
    16.   

b)  
     
       Intensive exploration on the larger Mjembe target area
      will be conducted, including ground geophysics with the aim of outlining
      additional drill targets on the structure.   

c)  
     
       Reduce the Company s license holding in the Handeni
      district by at least 50% reduction of our currently held license
    areas.   

d)  
     
       Acquire additional licenses bordering our target areas
      for reconnaissance work for a one year period. Relinquish those with low
      potential after one year.   

e)  
     
       Continue efforts to secure funding for drilling on drill
      targets.    
 Other low cost exploration activities being conducted on a
continuous basis on the Company s Handeni licenses include:  

a)  
     
       Identification of potential alluvial mining areas other
      than those currently known and being evaluated by utilizing remote sensing
      activities.   

b)  
     
       A detailed interpretation of already collected
      geophysical data.   

c)  
     
       A petrological, geochemical and mineralogical
      investigation of the Kwandege drill core to understand the style of gold
      mineralization at this locality.   

d)  
     
       The planning and siting of drill holes as a follow up
      Reverse Circulation program to evaluate the near   surface potential of
      the Kwandege target.    
 The estimated budget for the completion of these exploration
programs is provided below: 
 26  

Our exploration efforts are severely restricted by a cash-flow
problem as well as by the efforts to curb the activity of illegal artisanal
mining activities. To this extent the company has only spent limited funding on
exploration of our planned 2017 and 2016 operations. Solving the illegal
artisanal mining situation on the Mjembe target has now enabled the company to
focus our efforts on this target which is well defined and the target that will
most likely yield further positive results with a relatively low input of cash.
 
 For the three months ended August 31, 2016, the Company used
$118,000 cash in operating activities. At August 31, 2016, we had cash of
$80,000 and a working capital deficit of $428,000. In addition, we have a total
of $160,000 funds available to be withdrawn pursuant to a facility agreement
with a related party. We assume $457,000 of payables due to related parties
would not be demanded to pay in the next fiscal year. As such, we estimated that
we will still need a minimum of $1 million additional funds in order to cover
our planned operations over the fiscal year ending May 31, 2017. Our actual
expenditures may exceed our estimations.  
 We anticipate that we will not generate any revenues for so
long as we are an exploration stage company. Accordingly, we will be required to
obtain additional financing in order to pursue our plan of operations. 
 We believe that external debt financing will not be an
alternative for funding our next fiscal year exploration, as we do not have
significant tangible assets to secure any debt financing. Therefore, we
anticipate that additional funding will be in the form of further related
parties debt financing and/or equity financing from the sale of our common
stock. We cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to
obtain sufficient financing to fund our acquisition and exploration program
going forward. In the absence of sufficient funding, we will not be able to
continue acquisition and exploration of mineral claims and we will be forced to
abandon our mineral claims and our plan of operations. Even if we are successful
in obtaining financing to fund our acquisition and exploration program, there is
no assurance that we will obtain the funding necessary to pursue any advanced
exploration of any mineral claims. 
  Results of Operations   
 We have had no operating revenues and accumulated net loss of
$118 million since our inception (January 5, 2004) to August 31, 2016. The
following table sets out our losses from operations for the periods indicated:

Three Months Ended August 31, 2016 Compared to Three
Months Ended August 31, 2015    
 Our net loss for the three months ended August 31, 2016 was
$136,000, compared to $136,000 for the same period ended August 31, 2015, the
difference is mainly due to gain on disposal of equipment increased by $25,000
for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and our operating expenses for the
three months ended August 31, 2016 increased by $24,000 to $170,000 from
$146,000 for the same period ended February 29, 2015. The main operating
expenses changes are as follows:  
 
   our consulting, general and administrative fees decreased by $4,000 to
  $45,000 during the period ended August 31, 2016 (three months ended August 31,
  2015 - $49,000), primarily due to fund limitation and continuing cost
  management;   
 27  

our exploration expenses increased by $9,000 to $29,000 during the three
  months ended August 31, 2016 (three months ended August 31, 2015 - $20,000).
  Our funding limitations caused our reduced exploration activities;  
   
   depreciation fees decreased by $700 to $100 during the three months ended
  August 31, 2016 (three months ended August 31, 2015 - $800) mainly because the
  majority of our equipment was fully depreciated;  
   
   interest expenses increased by $18,000 to $54,000 during the three months
  ended August 31, 2016 (three months ended August 31, 2015 - $36,000), which
  represented deemed interest on increased interest free unsecured loans from
  related parties. Such deemed interest was recorded as donated capital;  
   
   our professional fees increased by $12,000 to $15,000 during the three
  months ended August 31, 2016 (three months ended August 31, 2015 - $3,000)
  primarily due to increased legal fees on capital reorganization;  
   
   our rent expenses were less than $500 during the three months ended August
  31, 2016 and 2015 mainly due to our fund limitation caused our Tanzania and
  Canadian office space limitation; Included in the rent for the three months
  ended August 31, 2016, there was $26,400 (three months ended August 31, 2015:
  $36,000) representing 60% of the rental expense associated with renting our
  CEO s family house in Tanzania;  
   
   our travel and investor relations expenses were less than 200 during the
  three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 mainly due to our funding
  limitations.    
  Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 The Company has been reviewing its budgets for its current
business needs and its further exploration. We estimate that our total
expenditures for our fiscal year ending May 31, 2017 will be approximately $1
million, as outlined above under the heading  Plan of Operations . At August 31,
2016, we had cash of $80,000, a working capital deficit of $428,000. We believe
that we have insufficient capital to fund our plan of operations. 
 On January 16, 2016, the Company entered into a credit facility
agreement with a private company controlled by our Chairman of the Board of
Directors. The funding is in the form of an interest-free unsecured loan to the
Company of up to $360,000 due December 31, 2018. A maximum amount of $30,000 may
be drawn by the Company per calendar month. As of the date of this report, we
received a total of $200,000, with $160,000 available to be withdrawn pursuant
to this facility agreement. 
 We have not generated revenues since the date of inception on
January 5, 2004, and our cash has been generated primarily from the sale of our
securities. We anticipate that we will not generate any revenue in near future.
We anticipate that additional funding will be in the form of equity financing
from the sale of our common stock, related parties debt financing, joint
ventures or some combination of these or other means. We believe that external
debt financing will not be an alternative at this stage for funding additional
phases of our exploration as we do not have significant tangible assets to
secure any debt financing. 
 We cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be
able to raise sufficient funding to continue our acquisition and exploration
program going forward. If we are not able to obtain financing in the amounts
required or on terms that are acceptable to us, we may be forced to scale back,
or abandon, our plan of operations. Even if we are successful in obtaining
equity and/or debt financing to fund our acquisition and exploration program,
there is no assurance that we will obtain the funding necessary to pursue any
advanced exploration of any mineral claims. If we do not continue to obtain
additional funding, we will be forced to abandon our mineral claims and our plan
of operations.  
   Net Cash Used in Operating Activities    
 Net cash used in operating activities decreased by $6,000 to
$118,000 during the three months ended August 31, 2016, as compared to $124,000
during the same period in 2015. 
   Net Cash Used in Investing Activities    
 Net cash provided in investing activities was $35,000 during
the three months ended August 31, 2016 (August 31, 2015: 10,000) due to proceeds
from disposal of automobile vehicles. 
   Net Cash from Financing Activities    
 During the three months ended August 31, 2016, we received
$110,000 (August 31, 2015: $135,000) in loans pursuant to facility agreements
with related parties. We have funded our business to date primarily from sales
of our common stock and loans from related parties.  
 There are no assurances that we will be able to achieve further
sales of our common stock or any other form of additional financing. If we are
unable to achieve the financing necessary to continue our plan of operations,
then we will not be able to continue our exploration of the property underlying
our mineral claim interest and our venture will fail.  
 28  

Going Concern   
 We have not attained profitable operations and are dependent
upon obtaining financing to pursue any extensive exploration activities. The
Company has not generated any revenues and has accumulated losses of $118
million since inception to August 31, 2016. In addition, we had working capital
deficit of $428,000 as of August 31, 2016. 
  Future Financings  
 We anticipate continuing to rely on equity sales of our common
shares, debt financing from our related parties, and/or other financing in order
to continue to fund our business operations through our next fiscal year ending
May 31, 2017. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to our
existing shareholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional
sales of our equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund
our planned exploration activities. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to stockholders.  
  Related Party Transactions   
 The details of related party transactions are disclosed in
footnote 8 of our Company s interim unaudited consolidated financial statements
for the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2016 (Item 1, above).  
  Segment Disclosures   
 The Company operates in one reportable segment, located in
Tanzania Africa, being the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties.
The details of segment disclosures are disclosed in footnote 12 of our Company s
interim unaudited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal quarter ended
August 31, 2016 (Item 1, above).  
  Inflation  
 We do not believe that inflation has had a significant impact
on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 
  Contractual Obligations   
 
  Critical Accounting Policies  
 Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes
have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of
consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting periods.  
 We regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates
that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements. In general,
management s estimates are based on historical experience, on information from
third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to
be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ
from those estimates made by management.  
 29  

The critical accounting policies are disclosed in footnote 2 of
our Company s interim unaudited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal
quarter ended August 31, 2016 (Item 1, above).  
 We believe the critical accounting policies require us to make
significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. 
  Item
3.                    
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
 Not required because we are a smaller reporting company.  
  Item
4.                    
Controls and Procedures   
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the
participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief
Executive Officer ( CEO ), Reyno Scheepers, and the Company s Chief Financial
Officer ( CFO ), Melinda Hsu, of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(b)
and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based upon the evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO have concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of the end of the period
covered by this report (that is, as of February 28, 2015), due to the material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as disclosed in the
Company s annual report for our fiscal year ended May 31, 2016, which have not
been completely resolved as of August 31, 2016. 
 Management believes that the material weaknesses did not have a
material impact on the Company s financial results and information required to
be disclosed by the Company in its reports. However, management believes that
these material weaknesses resulting in ineffective oversight in the
establishment and monitoring of required internal control over financial
reporting can impact the Company s consolidated financial statements for future
years. As a result material errors could occur.  
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
  
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during our fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2016 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 
  PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
  Item
1.                    
Legal Proceedings   
 Except as disclosed below, management is not aware of any legal
proceedings contemplated by any governmental authority or any other party
involving us or our properties. As of the date of this quarterly report, no
director, officer or affiliate is (i) a party adverse to us in any legal
proceeding, or (ii) has an adverse interest to us in any legal proceedings.
Management is not aware of any other legal proceedings pending or that have been
threatened against us or our properties.  

a)  
     
       On February 8, 2012, Ruby Creek Resources Inc. ( RCR )
      filed a lawsuit against the Company in the Supreme Court, State of New
      York, in which RCR alleges that the Company participated in a fraudulent
      transfer of certain mineral property interests in Tanzania that RCR had
      the right to purchase pursuant to a series of agreements with the Company.
      The Company is of the view that such allegations were without merit and
      vigorously contested the action.   

On February 23, 2012, the Company filed a lawsuit against
      RCR in the Supreme Court of British Columbia (the  British Columbia
      Action ), seeking relief for RCR s breach of its payment obligations under
      the above-referenced agreements and seeking an order that RCR remove the
      U.S. restrictive legend from 4,000,000 RCR shares issued to the Company
      under the agreements.   

In addition to the British Columbia Action, on May 21,
      2012 in answering RCR s claim in New York, the Company counterclaimed
      against RCR on the basis of the alleged breaches set out in the British
      Columbia Action (the  New York Counter Claim ). On November 19, 2012, the
      British Columbia Action was dismissed on the grounds that the Court in
      British Columbia did not have jurisdiction and further that the dismissal
      was without prejudice to either of the Company s and RCR s respective
      actions in New York against one another. This Order was granted by consent
      of both the Company and RCR.   

On January 13, 2015, the Company and RCR reached a
      binding settlement regarding the above-referenced litigation. The
      settlement does not require any monetary payment by the Company to RCR.
      Under the terms of the settlement, the Company will turn over its interest
      in Ruby Creek Resources (Tanzania) Limited and has agreed to return to RCR
      the 4,000,000 shares of restricted RCR common stock previously issued to
      the Company. Both parties have agreed to dismiss their respective claims,
      with prejudice, and the litigation is now concluded. Although the Company
      has not yet received formal settlement documents from RCR as agreed, the
      settlement is binding and the litigation is concluded.   

b)  
     
       On October 25, 2012, Craig Alford filed a lawsuit against
      the Company in the Supreme Court of British Columbia for breach of an
      alleged employment agreement. Mr. Alford claims the agreement was for a
      term of three years, commencing on March 1, 2011, with a monthly salary of
      $12,500. Mr. Alford claims that the Company wrongfully terminated the
      agreement in October 2011 and is seeking judgment in the amount of
      $362,500. The Company is of the view that the allegation is without merit
      and intends to vigorously contest the action. On February 4, 2013 the Company filed its response to Mr. Alford s claim with the Supreme Court of British Columbia.    
 30  

Item
1A.                  Risk
Factors   
 Not required because we are a smaller reporting company.  
  Item
2.                    
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 None.  
  Item
3.                    
Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
 None.  
  Item
4.                    
Mine Safety Disclosures   
 Not applicable. 
  Item
5.                    
Other Information   
 None.  
  Item
6.                    
Exhibits   
 The following exhibits are filed with this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q:  
 
 31  

* Filed herewith.  
 
 32  

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  
  HANDENI GOLD INC.   

By:   
        Reyno Scheepers      

Reyno Scheepers   

President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal
      Executive Officer) and a director   

By:   
        Melinda Hsu      

Melinda Hsu   

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
      Officer and Principal Accounting   

Officer), Secretary and Treasurer   

Date: October 10, 2016    
 33  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Handeni Gold Inc. - Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION   
 I,  Reyno Scheepers , certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this report on Form10-Q for the quarterly
      period ended August 31, 2016 of Handeni Gold Inc.;   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:     

(a)  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

(c)  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

(d)  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

5.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control
      over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
      committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
      the equivalent functions):     

(a)  
     
       all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
     
       any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.    
 Date: October 10, 2016  
    Reyno Scheepers    
  By:       Reyno Scheepers 
 Title:   President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating
Officer,            
and a Director (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Handeni Gold Inc. - Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION   
 I,  Melinda Hsu , certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this report on Form10-Q for the quarterly
      period ended August 31, 2016 of Handeni Gold Inc.;   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:     

(a)  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

(c)  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

(d)  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

5.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control
      over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
      committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
      the equivalent functions):     

(a)  
     
       all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
     
       any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.    
 Date: October 10, 2016  
    Melinda Hsu    
  By:       Melinda Hsu 
 Title:   Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer
            
(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Handeni Gold Inc. - Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  
 The undersigned, Reyno Scheepers, the Chief Executive Officer
of Handeni Gold Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that, to his knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
ended August 31, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the
information contained in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in
all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.  
   
    Reyno Scheepers   
  Reyno Scheepers   President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Operating Officer, and a director  (Principal Executive Officer)  Date:
October 10, 2016     
   
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the
signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this
written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.  
 __________  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Handeni Gold Inc. - Exhibit 32.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  
 The undersigned, Melinda Hsu, the Chief Financial Officer of
Handeni Gold Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that, to his knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
ended August 31, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the
information contained in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in
all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.  
   
    Melinda Hsu   
  Melinda Hsu   Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  Date:
October 10, 2016    
   
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the
signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this
written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.  
 __________  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 hndi-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 hndi-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 hndi-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 hndi-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 hndi-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 hndi-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

