<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_97210_0001193125-16-765452_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7965463</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>127066</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>452899</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1328775</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3822708</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1901435</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>66</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765452.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110114752
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765452
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161002
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TERADYNE, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000097210
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		IRS NUMBER:				042272148
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06462
		FILM NUMBER:		161986792

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 RIVERPARK DRIVE
		CITY:			NORTH READING
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01864
		BUSINESS PHONE:		978-370-2700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 RIVERPARK DRIVE
		CITY:			NORTH READING
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01864

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TERADYNE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765452.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d105293d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended October 2, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period
from                      to
                          Commission
File No. 001-06462             
  TERADYNE, INC.      (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)        

Massachusetts  
   
  04-2272148   
 
    (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
  Incorporation or Organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    

600 Riverpark Drive, North Reading,  
  Massachusetts   
   
  01864   
 
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    978-370-2700   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files)    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s only class of Common Stock as of November 4, 2016 was 201,222,112 shares.  

Table of Contents  

     TERADYNE, INC.   
  INDEX       

Page No.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. 
   
  Financial Statements (Unaudited):  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 2, 2016 and December 31,
 2015   

1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine months
 ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015   

2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and
 Nine months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015   

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended October 2,
 2016 and October 4, 2015   

4 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

5 

Item 2. 
   
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

32 

Item 3. 
   
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

47 

Item 4. 
   
  Controls and Procedures  

47 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1. 
   
  Legal Proceedings  

48 

Item 1A. 
   
  Risk Factors  

48 

Item 2. 
   
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

48 

Item 4. 
   
  Mine Safety Disclosures  

49 

Item 6. 
   
  Exhibits  

49 

Table of Contents  

     PART I   

Item 1:  
  Financial Statements        TERADYNE, INC.   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes, together with the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Teradyne s    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, are an integral part of the condensed  
 consolidated financial statements.  
      1  

Table of Contents  

   TERADYNE, INC.   
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes, together with the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Teradyne s    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, are an integral part of the condensed  
 consolidated financial statements.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   TERADYNE, INC.   
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes, together with the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Teradyne s    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, are an integral part of the condensed  
 consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   TERADYNE, INC.   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes, together with the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Teradyne s    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, are an integral part of the condensed  
 consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   TERADYNE, INC.   
    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  (Unaudited)      A. The Company   
 Teradyne, Inc. ( Teradyne ) is a leading global supplier of automation equipment for test and industrial applications. Teradyne
designs, develops, manufactures and sells automatic test systems used to test semiconductors, wireless products, data storage and complex electronics systems in the consumer electronics, wireless, automotive, industrial, computing, communications,
and aerospace and defense industries. Teradyne s industrial automation products include collaborative robots used by global manufacturing and light industrial customers to improve quality, increase manufacturing efficiency and decrease
manufacturing costs. Teradyne s automatic test equipment and industrial automation products and services include:      

semiconductor test ( Semiconductor Test ) systems;        

defense/aerospace ( Defense/Aerospace ) test instrumentation and systems, storage test ( Storage Test ) systems, and circuit-board test and inspection ( Production Board Test ) systems
(collectively these products represent  System Test         

wireless test ( Wireless Test ) systems; and        

industrial automation ( Industrial Automation ) products.       B. Accounting Policies   
  Basis of Presentation     The
consolidated interim financial statements include the accounts of Teradyne and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. These interim financial statements are unaudited and reflect
all normal recurring adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair statement of such interim financial statements. Certain prior year amounts were reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. The
December 31, 2015 condensed consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
 The accompanying financial information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in
Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on February 29, 2016, for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
  Preparation of Financial Statements and Use of Estimates   
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in
the financial statements. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates.     C. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   
 On October 24, 2016, the Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-16,
  Accounting for Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Asset Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory .    Under current Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ), the tax effects of intra-entity asset transfers are
deferred until the transferred asset is sold to a third party or otherwise recovered through use. The new guidance requires recognition of the tax expense from the sale of the asset in the seller s tax jurisdiction when the transfer occurs,
even though the pre-tax effects of that transaction are eliminated in consolidation. Any deferred  
      5  

Table of Contents  

tax asset that arises in the buyer s jurisdiction would also be recognized at the time of the transfer. The new guidance does not apply to intra-entity transfers of inventory. The income tax
consequences from the sale of inventory from one member of a consolidated entity to another will continue to be deferred until the inventory is sold to a third party. The new guidance will be effective in fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017. Early adoption is permitted. The modified retrospective approach will be required for transition to the new guidance, with a cumulative-effect adjustment recorded in retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. Teradyne is
currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its financial position, results of operations and statement of cash flows.    On
March 31, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.   This ASU changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based
payment awards to employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. This pronouncement is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016. Teradyne does not expect this ASU to have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations and statement of cash flows.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842).   The guidance in this ASU supersedes the lease
recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Certification ( ASC ) Topic 840,   Leases.   The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record ROU asset and a lease
liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than twelve months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the
beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. Teradyne is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its financial position and results of operations.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities .    This ASU provides guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. The new pronouncement revises accounting related to equity investments
and the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. Among other things, it amends the presentation and disclosure requirements of equity securities that do not result in consolidation and are not
accounted for under the equity method. Changes in the fair value of these equity securities will be recognized directly in net income. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Teradyne is currently
evaluating the impact of this ASU on its financial position and results of operations.    In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,
  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes .    ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by eliminating the separate classification of deferred income tax liabilities and
assets into current and noncurrent amounts in the balance sheet. The amendments in the update require that all deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in the balance sheet. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016 and may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively to all periods presented. Early adoption is permitted. Teradyne early adopted this ASU prospectively in the first quarter of 2016.  
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,   which requires debt
issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated debt liability, consistent with the presentation for debt discount. ASU 2015-03 does not specifically address requirements for the
presentation or subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. On August 8, 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,   Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)   clarifying that debt
issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements could be  
      6  

Table of Contents  

presented as an asset and amortized over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. Teradyne adopted
this ASU in the first quarter of 2016. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on Teradyne s financial position and results of operations.  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)  .  
ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. This ASU is effective for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Teradyne does not expect this ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),   which will replace numerous
requirements in U.S. GAAP, including industry-specific requirements, and provide companies with a single revenue recognition model for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of the new standard is that a company should
recognize revenue to show the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, FASB issued ASU
2015-14, which deferred the effective date of the new revenue standard by one year. For Teradyne, the standard will be effective in the first quarter of 2018. Early adoption is permitted but not before the original effective date (that is, annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2016). The two permitted transition methods under the new standard are the full retrospective method, in which case the standard would be applied to each prior reporting period presented, or the modified
retrospective method, in which case the cumulative effect of applying the standard would be recognized at the date of initial application. Teradyne has not yet selected a transition method. Teradyne is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on
its financial position and results of operations.     D. Acquisitions   
  Universal Robots     On
June 11, 2015, Teradyne acquired all of the outstanding equity of Universal Robots located in Odense, Denmark. Universal Robots is the leading supplier of collaborative robots, which are low-cost, easy-to-deploy and simple-to-program robots
that work side by side with production workers to improve quality, increase manufacturing efficiency and decrease manufacturing costs. Universal Robots is a separate operating and reportable segment, Industrial Automation. The total purchase price
of $315.4 million consisted of $283.8 million of cash paid and $31.6 million of contingent consideration, measured at fair value. The contingent consideration was valued using a Monte Carlo simulation based on the following key inputs:
(1) forecasted revenue; (2) forecast for earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA  (3) revenue volatility; (4) EBITDA volatility; and (5) discount rate. The contingent consideration is
payable upon the achievement of certain thresholds and targets for EBITDA for calendar year 2015, revenue for the period from July 1, 2015 to December 31, 2017 and revenue for the period from July 1, 2015 to December 31, 2018.
The maximum amount of contingent consideration that could be paid is $65 million. Based on Universal Robots  calendar year 2015 EBITDA results, in the first quarter of 2016, Teradyne paid $15 million or 100% of the eligible EBITDA contingent
consideration amount.    In the fourth quarter of 2015, Teradyne finalized the valuation and purchase price allocation for the acquisition,
which resulted in a $5.4 million decrease in goodwill as a result of a $2.2 million decrease in the fair value of contingent consideration, a $1.6 million increase in intangible assets and a $1.6 million decrease in acquired liabilities.  
 The Universal Robots acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, the results have been included in
Teradyne s consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. The allocation of the total purchase price to Universal Robots  net tangible liabilities and identifiable intangible assets was based on their estimated fair
values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the identifiable intangible assets and net tangible liabilities in the amount of $221.1 million was allocated to goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  The following table represents the final allocation of the purchase price:  
   
   Teradyne estimated the fair value of intangible assets using the income and cost approaches. Acquired
intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Components of these intangible assets and their estimated useful lives at the acquisition date are as follows:  
   
   For the period from June 12, 2015 to October 4, 2015, Universal Robots contributed $19.8 million of
revenues and had a $(6.5) million loss from operations before income taxes.    The following unaudited pro forma information gives effect to
the acquisition of Universal Robots as if the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2014. The unaudited pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of what actually would have occurred had the acquisition been in effect for the periods
presented:      
   Pro forma results for the nine months ended October 4, 2015 were adjusted to exclude $1.6 million of
non-recurring expense related to the fair value adjustment to acquisition-date inventory and $1.0 million of acquisition related costs incurred in 2015.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

   E. Financial Instruments and Derivatives   
  Cash Equivalents     Teradyne considers all
highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of acquisition to be cash equivalents.     Marketable Securities   
 Teradyne accounts for its investments in debt and equity securities in accordance with the provisions of ASC 320-10,
  Investments Debt and Equity Securities.   ASC 320-10 requires that certain debt and equity securities be classified into one of three categories: trading, available-for-sale or held-to-maturity securities. As of October 2,
2016, Teradyne s investments in debt and equity securities were classified as available-for-sale and recorded at their fair market value.  
 On a quarterly basis, Teradyne reviews its investments to identify and evaluate those that have an indication of a potential
other-than-temporary impairment. Factors considered in determining whether a loss is other-than-temporary include:      

The length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than cost;        

The financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and        

The intent and ability to retain the investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value.    
 Teradyne uses the market and income approach techniques to value its financial instruments and there were no changes in valuation techniques
during the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016. As defined in ASC 820-10,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,   fair value is the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants. ASC 820-10 requires that assets and liabilities carried at fair value be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories:  
 Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets as of the reporting date;  
 Level 2: Inputs other than Level 1, that are observable either directly or indirectly as of the reporting date. For example, a common approach
for valuing fixed income securities is the use of matrix pricing. Matrix pricing is a mathematical technique used to value securities by relying on the securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted prices, and is considered a Level 2
input; or    Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are not supported by market data. Unobservable inputs are developed based on the best
information available, which might include Teradyne s own data.    Teradyne s available-for-sale debt and equity securities are
classified as Level 1 and Level 2. Acquisition-related contingent consideration is classified as Level 3. Teradyne s contingent consideration is valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model or a probability weighted discounted cash flow model.
The majority of Level 2 securities are fixed income securities priced by third party pricing vendors. These pricing vendors utilize the most recent observable market information in pricing these securities or, if specific prices are not available,
use other observable inputs like market transactions involving identical or comparable securities.    Realized gains recorded in the three
and nine months ended October 2, 2016 were $0.7 million and $1.2 million, respectively. Realized losses recorded in the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016 were $0.1 million and $0.4 million, respectively. Realized gains recorded in the
three and nine months ended October 4, 2015 were $0.4 million and $1.4 million, respectively. Realized losses recorded in the nine months ended October 4, 2015 were $0.2 million. Realized gains are included in interest income and realized losses are
included in interest expense. Unrealized gains and losses are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

  During the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015, there were no
transfers in or out of Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 financial instruments.    The following table sets forth by fair value hierarchy
Teradyne s financial assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of October 2, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      
   Reported as follows:      
 
      10  

Table of Contents  

Reported as follows:      
 
      11  

Table of Contents  

  Changes in the fair value of Level 3 contingent consideration for the three and nine months ended
October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015 were as follows:      

(a) 
 In the nine months ended October 2, 2016, based on Universal Robots  calendar year 2015 EBITDA results, Teradyne paid $15 million or 100% of the eligible EBITDA contingent consideration amount.    

(b) 
 In the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016, the fair value of contingent consideration for the earn-out in connection with the acquisition of Universal Robots was increased by $8.0 million and $9.9 million,
respectively, primarily due to an increase in forecasted revenue and a decrease in the discount rate.    

(c) 
 In the nine months ended October 2, 2016, the fair value of contingent consideration for the earn-out in connection with the acquisition of Avionics Interface Technology, LLC ( AIT ) was increased by $0.6
million due to an increase in forecasted revenue.    

(d) 
 In the three and nine months ended October 4, 2015, the fair value of contingent consideration for the earn-out in connection with the acquisition of AIT was reduced by $1.0 million due to a decrease in the revenue
probabilities.    

(e) 
 In the nine months ended October 4, 2015, the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration for the earn-out in connection with the acquisition of ZTEC Instruments, Inc. was reduced by $1.6 million, to $0,
because Teradyne and the Securityholder Representative, on behalf of the ZTEC securityholders, agreed to terminate the earn-out prior to the end of the December 31, 2015 earn-out period, with no payout in connection with the resolution of
indemnity claims asserted by both Teradyne and the Securityholder Representative.      The following table provides quantitative
information associated with the fair value measurement of Teradyne s Level 3 financial instruments:      
   As of October 2, 2016, the significant unobservable inputs used in the Monte Carlo simulation to fair value
the Universal Robots contingent consideration include forecasted revenue, revenue volatility and discount rate. Increases or decreases in the inputs would result in a higher or lower fair value measurement. The maximum payment for each of the two
Universal Robots revenue earn-outs is $25.0 million.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  The significant unobservable inputs used in the AIT fair value measurement of contingent
consideration are the probabilities of successful achievement of the calendar year 2016 revenue threshold and target, and a discount rate. Increases or decreases in the revenue probabilities would result in a higher or lower fair value measurement.
The maximum payment for the AIT earn-out is $1.05 million.    The carrying amounts and fair values of Teradyne s financial instruments
at October 2, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:      
   The fair values of accounts receivable, net and accounts payable approximate the carrying value due to the
short-term nature of these instruments.    The following tables summarize the composition of available-for-sale marketable securities at
October 2, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
   Reported as follows:      
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

Reported as follows:      
   As of October 2, 2016, the fair market value of investments with unrealized losses totaled $458.8 million. Of
this value, $3.1 million had unrealized losses of $0.2 million for greater than one year and $455.7 million had unrealized losses of $0.4 million for less than one year.  
 As of December 31, 2015, the fair market value of investments with unrealized losses totaled $601.7 million. Of this value, $0.9 million
had unrealized losses of $0.5 million for greater than one year and $600.8 million had unrealized losses of $3.6 million for less than one year.  
 Teradyne reviews its investments to identify and evaluate investments that have an indication of possible impairment. Based on this review,
Teradyne determined that the unrealized losses related to these investments at October 2, 2016 and December 31, 2015, were temporary.  
 The contractual maturities of investments held at October 2, 2016 were as follows:  
   
   Contractual maturities of investments held at October 2, 2016 exclude equity and debt mutual funds as they do
not have contractual maturity dates.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

   Derivatives   
 Teradyne conducts business in a number of foreign countries, with certain transactions denominated in local currencies. The purpose of
Teradyne s foreign currency management is to minimize the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on certain foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. Teradyne does not use derivative financial instruments for trading or
speculative purposes.    To minimize the effect of exchange rate fluctuations associated with the remeasurement of monetary assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, Teradyne enters into foreign currency forward contracts. The change in fair value of these derivatives is recorded directly in earnings, and is used to offset the change in value of monetary assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies.    The notional amount of foreign currency forward contracts at October 2, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 was $76.5 million and $114.1 million, respectively. The fair value of the outstanding contracts was a loss of $0.4 million and $0.0 million at October 2, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 For the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016, Teradyne recorded net realized losses of $0.7 million and $10.8 million, respectively,
related to foreign currency forward contracts hedging net monetary positions.    For the three and nine months ended October 4, 2015,
Teradyne recorded net realized losses of $0.8 million and $2.7 million, respectively, related to foreign currency forward contracts hedging net monetary positions.  
 The following table summarizes the fair value of derivative instruments at October 2, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  
   
   Teradyne s foreign exchange contracts are subject to master netting agreements.  
 The following table summarizes the effect of derivative instruments recognized in the statement of operations during the three and nine months
ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015.      
     
 The table above does not reflect the corresponding gains and losses from the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies recorded in other (income) expense, net. For the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016, net gains from the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were $1.9 million
and $12.2 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended October 4, 2015, net gains from the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were $0.1 million and $2.3 million, respectively.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

   F. Debt   
  Revolving Credit Facility     On
April 27, 2015, Teradyne entered into a Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto. The Credit Agreement provides for a five-year,
senior secured revolving credit facility of up to $350 million (the  Credit Facility ). The Credit Agreement further provides that, subject to customary conditions, Teradyne may seek to obtain from existing or new lenders incremental
commitments under the Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $150 million.    Proceeds from the Credit Facility may
be used for general corporate purposes and working capital. Teradyne incurred $2.3 million in costs related to the revolving credit facility. These costs are being amortized over the five-year term of the revolving credit facility and are included
in interest expense in the statement of operations. As of November 10, 2016, Teradyne has not borrowed any funds under the Credit Facility.  
 The interest rates applicable to loans under the Credit Facility are, at Teradyne s option, equal to either a base rate plus a margin
ranging from 0.00% to 1.00% per annum or LIBOR plus a margin ranging from 1.00% to 2.00% per annum, based on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio of Teradyne and its Restricted Subsidiaries. In addition, Teradyne will pay a commitment fee on
the unused portion of the commitments under the Credit Facility ranging from 0.125% to 0.350% per annum, based on the then applicable Consolidated Leverage Ratio.  
 Teradyne is not required to repay any loans under the Credit Facility prior to maturity, subject to certain customary exceptions. Teradyne is
permitted to prepay all or any portion of the loans under the Credit Facility prior to maturity without premium or penalty, other than customary LIBOR breakage costs.  
 The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, representations, warranties and affirmative and negative covenants that, among
other things, limit Teradyne s and its Restricted Subsidiaries  ability to sell assets, grant liens on assets, incur other secured indebtedness and make certain investments and restricted payments, all subject to exceptions set forth in
the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement also requires Teradyne to satisfy two financial ratios measured as of the end of each fiscal quarter: a consolidated leverage ratio and an interest coverage ratio. As of November 10, 2016, Teradyne was in
compliance with all covenants.    The Credit Facility is guaranteed by certain of Teradyne s domestic subsidiaries and collateralized
by assets of Teradyne and such subsidiaries, including a pledge of 65% of the capital stock of certain foreign subsidiaries.     G. Prepayments   
 Prepayments consist of the following and are included in prepayments on the balance sheet:  

16  

Table of Contents  

   H. Deferred Revenue and Customer Advances   
 Deferred revenue and customer advances consist of the following and are included in short and long-term deferred revenue and customer advances
on the balance sheet:      
    I. Product Warranty   
 Teradyne generally provides a one-year warranty on its products, commencing upon installation, acceptance, delivery or shipment. A provision is
recorded upon revenue recognition to cost of revenues for estimated warranty expense based on historical experience. Related costs are charged to the warranty accrual as incurred. The warranty balance below is included in other accrued liabilities
on the balance sheet.      
   When Teradyne receives revenue for extended warranties beyond one year, it is deferred and recognized on a
straight-line basis over the contract period. Related costs are expensed as incurred. The extended warranty balance below is included in short and long-term deferred revenue and customer advances on the balance sheet.  
   
    J. Stock-Based Compensation   
 Under Teradyne s stock compensation plans, Teradyne grants stock options, restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock
units, and employees are eligible to purchase Teradyne s common stock through its Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ).  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  Teradyne grants performance-based restricted stock units ( PRSUs ) to its executive
officers with a performance metric based on relative total shareholder return ( TSR ). For TSR grants issued in 2014 and 2015, Teradyne s three-year TSR performance is measured against the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index. For TSR
grants issued in January 2016, Teradyne s three-year TSR performance will be measured against the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) Composite Index. The final number of TSR PRSUs that vest will vary based upon the level of performance
achieved from 200% to 0% of the target shares. The TSR PRSUs will vest upon the three-year anniversary of the grant date. The TSR PRSUs are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The number of units expected to be earned, based upon the
achievement of the TSR market condition, is factored into the grant date Monte Carlo valuation. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the three-year service period. Compensation expense is recognized regardless of the
eventual number of units that are earned based upon the market condition, provided the executive officer remains an employee at the end of the three-year period. Compensation expense is reversed if at any time during the three-year service period
the executive officer is no longer an employee, subject to the retirement and termination eligibility provisions noted below.    In January
2016, Teradyne granted PRSUs to its executive officers with a performance metric based on three-year cumulative non-GAAP profit before interest and tax ( PBIT ). Non-GAAP PBIT is a financial measure equal to GAAP income from operations
less restructuring and other, net; amortization of acquired intangible assets; acquisition and divestiture related charges or credits; pension actuarial gains and losses; and other non-recurring gains and charges. The final number of PBIT PRSUs that
vest will vary based upon the level of performance achieved from 200% to 0% of the target shares. The PBIT PRSUs will vest upon the three-year anniversary of the grant date. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
three-year service period. Compensation expense is recognized based on the number of units that are earned based upon the three-year Teradyne PBIT as a percent of Teradyne s revenue, provided the executive officer remains an employee at the end
of the three-year period subject to the retirement and termination eligibility provisions noted below.    Beginning with PRSUs granted in
January 2014, if the recipient s employment ends prior to the determination of the performance percentage due to (1) permanent disability or death or (2) retirement or termination other than for cause, after attaining both at least
age sixty and at least ten years of service, then all or a portion of the recipient s PRSUs (based on the actual performance percentage achieved on the determination date) will vest on the date the performance percentage is determined. Except
as set forth in the preceding sentence, no PRSUs will vest if the executive officer is no longer an employee at the end of the three-year period.  
 During the nine months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015, Teradyne granted 0.1 million and 0.2 million TSR PRSUs,
respectively, with a grant date fair value of $20.29 and $18.21, respectively. The fair value was estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation model with the following assumptions:  
   
   Expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of Teradyne s stock and the NYSE Composite
Index for the 2016 grant and Philadelphia Semiconductor Index for the 2015 grant, over the most recent three year period. The risk-free interest rate was determined using the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Dividend yield
was based upon an estimated annual dividend amount of $0.24 per share divided by Teradyne s stock price on the grant date of $19.43 for the 2016 grant and $18.10 for the 2015 grant.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  During the nine months ended October 2, 2016, Teradyne granted 0.1 million PBIT PRSUs with a
grant date fair value of $18.71.    During the nine months ended October 2, 2016, Teradyne granted 1.2 million of service-based restricted
stock unit awards to employees at a weighted average grant date fair value of $18.49, 0.1 million of service-based restricted stock unit awards to non-employee directors at a weighted average grant date fair value of $18.71 and 0.1 million of
service-based stock options to executive officers at a weighted average grant date fair value of $5.30.    During the nine months ended
October 4, 2015, Teradyne granted 1.5 million of service-based restricted stock unit awards to employees at a weighted average grant date fair value of $17.27, 0.1 million of service-based restricted stock unit awards to non-employee
directors at a weighted average grant date fair value of $20.21 and 0.1 million of service-based stock options to executive officers at a weighted average grant date fair value of $4.43 .    
 Restricted stock unit awards granted to employees vest in equal annual installments over four years. Restricted stock unit awards granted to
non-employee directors vest after a one year period, with 100% of the award vesting on the first anniversary of the grant date. Stock options vest in equal annual installments over four years and have a term of seven years from the date of grant.
   The fair value of stock options was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions:  
   
   Teradyne determined the stock options  expected life based upon historical exercise data for executive
officers, the age of the executive officers and the terms of the stock option grant. Volatility was determined using historical volatility for a period equal to the expected life. The risk-free interest rate was determined using the U.S. Treasury
yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Dividend yield was based upon an estimated annual dividend amount of $0.24 per share divided by Teradyne s stock price on the grant date, of $19.43 for the 2016 grant and $18.10 for the 2015 grant.
 
      19  

Table of Contents  

   K. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
 Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), which is presented net of tax, consist of the following:  

20  

Table of Contents  

  Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to the statement of
operations for the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015 were as follows:      

(a) 
 The amortization of prior service credit is included in the computation of net periodic pension cost and postretirement benefit; see Note O:  Retirement Plans.     
  L. Goodwill and Intangible Assets   
  Goodwill     Teradyne
performs its annual goodwill impairment test as required under the provisions of ASC 350-10,   Intangibles Goodwill and Other   on December 31 of each fiscal year unless interim indicators of impairment exist. Goodwill is
considered impaired when the net book value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value.    In the second quarter of 2016, the
Wireless Test reporting unit (which is Teradyne s Wireless Test operating and reportable segment) reduced headcount by 11% as a result of a sharp decline in projected demand attributable to an estimated smaller future wireless test market. The
decrease in projected demand was due to lower forecasted buying from Teradyne s largest Wireless Test segment customer (who has contributed between 51% and 73% of annual Wireless Test sales since the LitePoint acquisition in 2011) as a result
of the customer s numerous operational efficiencies; slower smartphone growth rates; and a slowdown of new wireless technology adoption. Teradyne considered the headcount reduction and sharp decline in projected demand to be a triggering event
for an interim goodwill impairment test.    Teradyne used the income and market approaches to determine the fair value of the Wireless Test
reporting unit for step 1 of the goodwill impairment test. With respect to the income approach, Teradyne used the discounted cash flow method, which included seven year future cash flow projections and an estimated terminal value. The cash flow
projections were prepared using Teradyne s forecast, which was based upon underlying estimates of the total market size, and Teradyne s market share in the wireless test market developed using Teradyne and independent third party data. The
estimated terminal value was calculated using the Gordon Growth model. The market approach used a revenue multiple to develop an estimate of fair value. The revenue multiple was estimated using enterprise value as a ratio of next twelve months
revenue for comparable companies. Teradyne equally weighted the income and market approaches to determine the fair value of the Wireless Test reporting unit. The carrying amount of the Wireless Test reporting unit exceeded its fair value; therefore,
the second step of the goodwill impairment test was performed to calculate implied goodwill and to measure the amount of the impairment loss.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  Teradyne allocated the fair value of the Wireless Test reporting unit to all of its assets and
liabilities (including unrecognized intangible assets). The net book value of raw materials inventory was estimated as an approximation of current replacement costs. The fair value of finished goods inventory was estimated at the present value of
selling price less direct selling costs and profit on the selling effort. The selling price used in the inventory fair values was based upon the product gross margins included in Teradyne s forecast. The fair value of the deferred revenue
liability was estimated by assessing the costs required to service the obligation plus a reasonable profit margin. The fair value for personal property assets, which consisted of furniture and fixtures, machinery and equipment, computer equipment,
software and leasehold improvements, was estimated using the replacement cost approach, which approximated carrying value. The fair value of intangible assets was estimated using the income approach and, in particular, developed technology and
trademarks/trade names were valued using the relief-from-royalty method and customer relationships and customer backlog were valued using the discounted cash flow method. Royalty rates were estimated using rates applicable to wireless testing
equipment and other similar technologies. Based upon this allocation, Teradyne determined that the Wireless Test reporting unit goodwill is valued at $8.0 million and recorded an impairment loss of $255 million in the second quarter of 2016.  
 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segments for the nine months ended October 2, 2016, were as follows:  
   
    Intangible Assets   
 Teradyne reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the
assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. As a result of the Wireless Test segment goodwill impairment review in the second quarter of 2016, Teradyne performed an impairment test of the
Wireless Test segment s intangible and long-lived assets. The impairment test is based on a comparison of the estimated undiscounted cash flows to the carrying value of the asset group. If undiscounted cash flows for the asset group are less
than the carrying amount, the asset group is written down to its estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flow analysis. The cash flow estimates used to determine the impairment contain management s best estimates using appropriate
assumptions and projections at that time. The fair value of intangible assets was estimated using the income approach and, in particular, developed technology and trademarks/trade names were valued using the relief-from-royalty method and customer
relationships were valued using the discounted cash flow method. Royalty rates were estimated using rates applicable to wireless testing equipment and other similar technologies. As a result of the analysis, Teradyne recorded an $83 million
impairment charge in the second quarter of 2016 in acquired intangible assets impairment on the statement of operations, resulting in a remaining intangible assets balance of $5.8 million for the Wireless Test segment.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

  Amortizable intangible assets consist of the following and are included in intangible assets, net
on the balance sheet:      

(1) 
 In 2016, $48 million of amortizable intangible assets became fully amortized and have been eliminated from the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization.    

(2) 
 Includes an $83 million impairment of Wireless Test amortizable intangible assets.        

(1) 
 In 2015, $98.2 million of amortizable intangible assets became fully amortized and have been eliminated from the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization.    
 For the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016, aggregate intangible asset amortization expense was $8.5 million and $44.7 million,
respectively.    For the three and nine months ended October 4, 2015, aggregate intangible asset amortization expense was $20.1 million and
$49.1 million, respectively.    Estimated intangible asset amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years is as follows:

23  

Table of Contents  

   M. Net Income per Common Share   
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per common share:  
   
   The computation of diluted net income per common share for the three months ended October 2, 2016
excludes the effect of the potential exercise of stock options to purchase approximately 0.1 million shares because the effect would have been anti-dilutive.  
 The computation of diluted net income per common share for the nine months ended October 2, 2016 excludes the effect of the potential exercise
of all outstanding stock options and restricted stock units because Teradyne had a net loss and inclusion would be anti-dilutive.    The
computation of diluted net income per common share for the three and nine months ended October 4, 2015 excludes the effect of the potential exercise of stock options to purchase approximately 0.2 million shares because the effect would
have been anti-dilutive.     N. Restructuring and Other   
   Other      On
April 16, 2016, an earthquake in Kumamoto, Japan damaged Teradyne s main building at that location. The Teradyne owned building, which was used for engineering, production, and support operations, was damaged beyond repair and has no
remaining utility to Teradyne. During the nine months ended October 2, 2016, Teradyne wrote off the building s carrying value of $4.2 million. In the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016, Teradyne recorded $0.3 million and $1.2 million,
respectively, of earthquake related expenses. Teradyne has $10 million of earthquake insurance with a deductible of approximately $2.5 million for the location. The $5.4 million of total charges were offset by $5.4 million of property insurance
recovery. The charges and property insurance recovery were recognized in restructuring and other in the statement of operations. Teradyne has temporarily transferred some operations to other facilities in Japan and elsewhere while its Kumamoto
operations are restored.    During the three months ended October 2, 2016, Teradyne recorded an expense of $8.0 million for the increase in
the fair value of contingent consideration liability related to Universal Robots.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  During the nine months ended October 2, 2016, Teradyne recorded an expense of $10.5 million for
the increase in the fair value of contingent consideration liability, of which $9.9 million was related to Universal Robots and $0.6 million was related to AIT.  
 During the three months ended October 4, 2015, Teradyne recorded a $1.0 million gain from the decrease in the fair value of the AIT
contingent consideration liability, partially offset by $0.1 million of acquisition costs related to Universal Robots.    During the nine
months ended October 4, 2015, Teradyne recorded a $2.6 million gain from the decrease in the fair value of contingent consideration liability, of which $1.6 million was related to the ZTEC acquisition and $1.0 million was related to the AIT
acquisition, partially offset by $1.1 million of acquisition costs related to Universal Robots.      Restructuring    
 During the three months ended October 2, 2016, Teradyne recorded $4.2 million of severance charges related to headcount reductions of 72
people, of which 55 people were in Wireless Test and 17 people were in Semiconductor Test.    During the nine months ended October 2, 2016,
Teradyne recorded $5.9 million of severance charges related to headcount reductions of 146 people, of which 102 people were in Wireless Test and 44 people were in Semiconductor Test.  
 During the three and nine months ended October 4, 2015, Teradyne recorded $1.1 million and $1.4 million, respectively, of severance
charges related to headcount reductions of 18 and 22 people, respectively, primarily in System Test.     O. Retirement Plans   
 ASC 715,   Compensation Retirement Benefits   requires an employer with defined benefit plans or other postretirement
benefit plans to recognize an asset or a liability on its balance sheet for the overfunded or underfunded status of the plans. The pension asset or liability represents a difference between the fair value of the pension plan s assets and the
projected benefit obligation.      Defined Benefit Pension Plans    
 Teradyne has defined benefit pension plans covering a portion of domestic employees and employees of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. Benefits
under these plans are based on employees  years of service and compensation. Teradyne s funding policy is to make contributions to these plans in accordance with local laws and to the extent that such contributions are tax deductible. The
assets of these plans consist primarily of fixed income and equity securities. In addition, Teradyne has an unfunded supplemental executive defined benefit plan in the United States to provide retirement benefits in excess of levels allowed by the
Employment Retirement Income Security Act ( ERISA ) and the Internal Revenue Code ( IRC ), as well as unfunded foreign plans.  
 In the nine months ended October 2, 2016, Teradyne contributed $1.9 million to the U.S. Qualified Pension Plan, $1.9 million to the U.S.
supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan and $1.5 million to certain qualified plans for non-U.S. subsidiaries.    In the nine
months ended October 4, 2015, Teradyne contributed $1.9 million to the U.S. supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan and $0.6 million to certain qualified plans for non-U.S. subsidiaries.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  For the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015, Teradyne s net
periodic pension cost (income) was comprised of the following:      
     
     Postretirement Benefit Plan    
 In addition to receiving pension benefits, U.S. Teradyne employees who meet early retirement eligibility requirements as of their termination
dates may participate in Teradyne s Welfare Plan, which includes medical and dental benefits up to age 65. Death benefits provide a fixed sum to retirees  survivors and are available to all retirees. Substantially all of Teradyne s
current U.S. employees could become eligible for these benefits, and the existing benefit obligation relates primarily to those employees.  
 For the three months and nine months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015, Teradyne s net periodic postretirement income was
comprised of the following:      
 
      26  

Table of Contents  

   P. Commitments and Contingencies   
   Purchase Commitments    
 As of October 2, 2016, Teradyne had entered into purchase commitments for certain components and materials. The purchase commitments covered by
the agreements aggregate to approximately $181.4 million, of which $179.0 million is for less than one year.      Legal Claims
     Teradyne is subject to various legal proceedings and claims which have arisen in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion
of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on Teradyne s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.  
  Q. Income Taxes     The effective tax rate
for the three months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015 was (6.9)% and 18.3%, respectively. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015 was 3.7% and 20.9%, respectively.  
 The effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016 differed from the expected federal statutory rate of 35% as a
result of a non-deductible goodwill impairment charge, which reduced the benefit of the projected annual U.S. loss before income taxes, and increases in uncertain tax positions for transfer pricing, offset by the effect of lower statutory rates
applicable to income earned outside the U.S., the benefit of U.S. research and development tax credits, and discrete tax benefits.  
 Discrete tax benefits recorded in the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016 amounted to $6.4 million and $13.3 million respectively. The
$6.4 million of discrete tax benefits recorded in the three months ended October 2, 2016 included $3.1 million from out-of-period adjustments, $1.6 million related to tax credit carryforwards, $0.7 million from non-taxable foreign exchange gains and
$1.0 million of benefit from other discrete tax items. The $13.3 million of discrete tax benefits recorded in the nine months ended October 2, 2016 included $4.1 million from non-taxable foreign exchange gains, $3.1 million from out-of-period
adjustments, $2.6 million of tax reserve releases resulting from the settlement of a U.S. tax audit, $1.6 million related to tax credit carryforwards, $0.9 million related to marketable securities and $1.0 million of benefit from other discrete tax
items.    During the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016, Teradyne recorded out-of-period adjustments of approximately $3.1 million
to increase deferred tax assets and decrease income tax expense related to alternative minimum tax credits and capitalized inventory costs that should have been recognized previously. The out-of-period adjustments are not material to the current
period or the relevant prior periods.    The effective tax rate for the three months ended October 4, 2015 differed from the expected
federal statutory rate of 35% as a result of additions to the uncertain tax positions for transfer pricing, partially offset by $3.3 million of discrete tax benefits composed of $1.8 million of benefit attributable to a United States Tax Court
opinion regarding intercompany cost sharing arrangements, $0.6 million of reductions in uncertain tax positions resulting from the expiration of statutes and $0.9 million from other discrete tax benefits.  
 The effective tax rate for the nine months ended October 4, 2015 differed from the expected federal statutory rate of 35% primarily because of
the favorable effect of statutory rates applicable to income earned outside the United States. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended October 4, 2015 was increased by additions to the uncertain tax positions for transfer pricing, partially
offset by $5.0 million of discrete tax benefits composed of $1.8 million of benefit attributable to a United States Tax Court opinion regarding intercompany cost sharing arrangements, $1.3 million of reductions in uncertain tax positions resulting
from the expiration of statutes and the settlement of an audit, $0.9 million from disqualifying dispositions of incentive stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares and $1.0 million from other discrete tax benefits.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

  On a quarterly basis, Teradyne evaluates the realizability of the deferred tax assets by
jurisdiction and assesses the need for a valuation allowance. As of October 2, 2016, Teradyne believes that it will ultimately realize the deferred tax assets recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. However, should Teradyne believe
that it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets would not be realized, the tax provision would increase in the period in which Teradyne determined that the realizability was not likely. Teradyne considers the probability of future
taxable income and historical profitability, among other factors, in assessing the realizability of the deferred tax assets.    As of
October 2, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Teradyne had $34.7 million and $33.7 million, respectively, of reserves for uncertain tax positions. The $1.0 million net increase in reserves for uncertain tax positions is composed of additions related
to transfer pricing exposures, partially offset by tax reserve releases resulting from the settlement of a U.S. tax audit.    As of October
2, 2016, Teradyne estimates that it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits may decrease approximately $4.4 million in the next twelve months, as a result of a lapse of statutes of limitation. The estimated decrease is
composed primarily of reserves relating to transfer pricing.    Teradyne recognizes interest and penalties related to income tax matters in
income tax expense. As of October 2, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $0.8 million and $0.5 million, respectively, of interest and penalties were accrued for uncertain tax positions. For the nine months ended October 2, 2016, an expense of
$0.3 million was recorded for interest and penalties related to income tax items. For the nine months ended October 4, 2015, a benefit of $0.3 million was recorded for interest and penalties related to income tax items.  
 Teradyne qualifies for a tax holiday in Singapore by fulfilling the requirements of an agreement with the Singapore Economic Development Board
under which certain headcount and spending requirements must be met. The tax savings due to the tax holiday for the nine months ended October 2, 2016 was $25.2 million, or $0.12 per diluted share. The tax savings due to the tax holiday for the nine
months ended October 4, 2015 was $9.9 million, or $0.05 per diluted share. The tax holiday is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2020.     R.
Segment Information     Teradyne has four operating segments (Semiconductor Test, System Test, Wireless Test, and Industrial Automation),
which are its reportable segments. The Semiconductor Test segment includes operations related to the design, manufacturing and marketing of semiconductor test products and services. The System Test segment includes operations related to the design,
manufacturing and marketing of products and services for defense/aerospace instrumentation test, storage test and circuit-board test. The Wireless Test segment includes operations related to the design, manufacturing and marketing of wireless test
products and services. The Industrial Automation segment includes operations related to the design, manufacturing and marketing of collaborative robots. Each operating segment has a segment manager who is directly accountable to and maintains
regular contact with Teradyne s chief operating decision maker (Teradyne s chief executive officer) to discuss operating activities, financial results, forecasts, and plans for the segment.  
 Teradyne evaluates performance based on several factors, of which the primary financial measure is business segment income before income
taxes. The accounting policies of the business segments in effect are described in Note B:  Accounting Policies  in Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  Segment information for the three months and nine months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4,
2015 is as follows:      

(1) 
 Interest income, interest expense, and other (income) expense, net are included in Corporate and Eliminations.    

(2) 
 Included in the income (loss) before income taxes for each of the segments are charges related to inventory and other.    

(3) 
 Total business assets are directly attributable to each business. Corporate assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and certain other assets.    
 Included in the Semiconductor Test segment are charges in the following line items in the statements of operations:  
   
   Included in the System Test segment are charges and credits in the following line items in the statements of
operations:      
 
      29  

Table of Contents  

  Included in the Wireless Test segment are charges in the following line items in the statements
of operations:      
   Included in the Industrial Automation segment are charges in the following line items in the statements of
operations:      

(1) 
 Included in the cost of revenues for the three and nine months ended October 4, 2015 is the cost for purchase accounting inventory step-up.    
 Included in Corporate and Eliminations are charges and credits in the following line items in the statements of operations:  

30  

Table of Contents  

   S. Shareholders  Equity   
   Stock Repurchase Program    
 In January 2015, the Board of Directors authorized Teradyne to repurchase up to $500 million of common stock, of which $300 million was
repurchased in 2015. In 2016, Teradyne intends to repurchase between $100 million and $200 million of common stock. During the nine months ended October 2, 2016, Teradyne repurchased 4.3 million shares of common stock at an average price
per share of $19.69, for a total cost of $85.1 million. Cumulative repurchases as of October 2, 2016 totaled 19.9 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $385 million at an average price per share of $19.31. The total price
includes commissions and is recorded as a reduction to retained earnings.      Dividend    
 Holders of Teradyne s common stock are entitled to receive dividends when they are declared by Teradyne s Board of Directors.  
 In January 2016, May 2016, and August 2016, Teradyne s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share. Dividend
payments for the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016 were $12.1 million and $36.5 million, respectively.    In January
2015, May 2015, and August 2015, Teradyne s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share. Dividend payments for the three and nine months ended October 4, 2015 were $12.6 million and $38.4 million,
respectively.    While Teradyne declared a quarterly cash dividend and authorized a share repurchase program, it may reduce or eliminate the
cash dividend or share repurchase program in the future. Future cash dividends and stock repurchases are subject to the discretion of Teradyne s Board of Directors which will consider, among other things, Teradyne s earnings, capital
requirements and financial condition.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

Item 2:  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
 Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q which are not historical facts, so called  forward-looking statements,  are made
pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including those detailed in our filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. See also Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Readers are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect management s analysis only as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in
factors or assumptions affecting forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law.     Overview   
 We are a leading global supplier of automation equipment for test and industrial applications. We design, develop, manufacture and sell
automatic test systems used to test semiconductors, wireless products, data storage and complex electronics systems in the consumer electronics, wireless, automotive, industrial, computing, communications, and aerospace and defense industries. Our
industrial automation products include collaborative robots used by global manufacturing and light industrial customers to improve quality, increase manufacturing efficiency and decrease manufacturing costs. Our automatic test equipment and
industrial automation products and services include:      

semiconductor test ( Semiconductor Test ) systems;        

defense/aerospace ( Defense/Aerospace ) test instrumentation and systems, storage test ( Storage Test ) systems, and circuit-board test and inspection ( Production Board Test ) systems
(collectively these products represent  System Test         

wireless test ( Wireless Test ) systems; and        

industrial automation ( Industrial Automation ) products.      We have a broad customer
base which includes integrated device manufacturers ( IDMs ), outsourced semiconductor assembly and test providers ( OSATs ), wafer foundries, fabless companies that design, but contract with others for the manufacture of
integrated circuits ( ICs ), developers of wireless devices and consumer electronics, manufacturers of circuit boards, automotive suppliers, wireless product manufacturers, storage device manufacturers, aerospace and military contractors,
and distributors that sell collaborative robots.    On June 11, 2015, we acquired Universal Robots A/S ( Universal Robots )
for approximately $284 million of cash plus up to an additional $65 million of cash if certain performance targets are met extending through 2018. Universal Robots is the leading supplier of collaborative robots which are low-cost, easy-to-deploy
and simple-to-program robots that work side by side with production workers to improve quality and increase manufacturing efficiency. Universal Robots is a separate operating and reportable segment, Industrial Automation. The acquisition of
Universal Robots provides a growth engine to our business and complements our existing System Test and Wireless Test segments.    We believe
our recent acquisitions have enhanced our opportunities for growth. We intend to continue to invest in our business, grow market share in our markets and expand further our addressable markets while tightly managing our costs.  
 The sales of our products and services are dependent, to a large degree, on customers who are subject to cyclical trends in the demand for
their products. These cyclical periods have had, and will continue to have, a significant effect on our business because our customers often delay or accelerate purchases in reaction to changes in their businesses and to demand fluctuations in the
semiconductor and electronics industries. Historically, these demand fluctuations have resulted in significant variations in our results of operations. The  
      32  

Table of Contents  

sharp swings in the semiconductor and electronics industries have generally affected the semiconductor and electronics test equipment and services industries more significantly than the overall
capital equipment sector.    In recent years, this cyclical demand has become an even/odd year trend where demand has increased in even
years and decreased in odd years due principally to demand swings in the mobility market of our Semiconductor Test business. In 2015, the even/odd year trend continued, but had less of an impact on our annual revenue due to the sale in 2015 of
testers that were previously leased to customers in 2014. We expect the even/odd year demand trend in the mobility market to most likely lessen in the future due to slower smart phone unit growth, along with rising device complexity and the reduced
impact of parallel test in our Semiconductor Test business.    On April 16, 2016, an earthquake in Kumamoto, Japan damaged our main building
at that location. The building, which was used for engineering, production, and support operations, was damaged beyond repair. With respect to the location, we have $10 million of earthquake insurance with a deductible of approximately $2.5 million.
As a result, we impaired the building and recorded a charge of $4.2 million and a charge of $1.2 million for other earthquake related expenses. The $5.4 million of total charges were offset by $5.4 million of property insurance recovery. We have
temporarily transferred some operations to other facilities in Japan and elsewhere while our Kumamoto operations are restored.    In the
second quarter of 2016, the Wireless Test reporting unit (which is our Wireless Test operating and reportable segment) reduced headcount by 11% as a result of a sharp decline in projected demand attributable to an estimated smaller future wireless
test market. The decrease in projected demand was due to lower forecasted buying from our largest Wireless Test segment customer (who has contributed between 51% and 73% of annual Wireless Test sales since the LitePoint acquisition in 2011) as a
result of the customer s numerous operational efficiencies; slower smartphone growth rates; and a slowdown of new wireless technology adoption. We considered the headcount reduction and sharp decline in projected demand to be a triggering event
for an interim goodwill impairment test. Following the interim goodwill impairment test, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $255 million, with approximately $8.0 million of goodwill remaining, and $83 million for the impairment of acquired
intangible assets with approximately $5.8 million of intangible assets remaining. In the third quarter of 2016, the Wireless Test reporting unit reduced headcount by an additional 14%. We expect demand to improve in 2018, but may need to take
further cost control measures.     Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 We have identified the policies which are critical to understanding our business and our results of operations. There have been no significant
changes during the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016 to the items disclosed as our critical accounting policies and estimates in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

   SELECTED RELATIONSHIPS WITHIN THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   
  STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS       
    Results of Operations   
   Third Quarter 2016 Compared to Third Quarter 2015    
  Book to Bill Ratio     Book
to bill ratio is calculated as net bookings divided by net sales. Book to bill ratio by reportable segment was as follows:      
 
      34  

Table of Contents  

   Revenues   
 Revenues by our four reportable segments were as follows:      
   The decrease in Semiconductor Test revenues of $3.5 million, or 1.1%, was primarily due to lower service
revenue. The decrease in System Test revenue of $32.1 million, or 46.5%, was primarily due to lower sales in Storage Test of 3.5  hard disk drive testers for cloud storage. The decrease in Wireless Test revenue of $27.5 million, or 49.6%, was
driven by lower demand for connectivity and cellular test systems primarily from our largest Wireless Test segment customer. As a result of significant customer concentration in our Wireless Test segment, quarterly revenue in that segment is subject
to significant fluctuations based on our largest customer s order levels. The increase in Industrial Automation revenues of $7.4 million, or 46.0%, was primarily due to higher product volume.  
 Revenues by country as a percentage of total revenues were as follows (1):  

(1) 
 Revenues attributable to a country are based on location of customer site.    
      35  

Table of Contents  

   Gross Profit   
 Our gross profit was as follows:      
   Gross profit as a percent of revenue decreased by 0.1 points, as a result of a 0.9 point decrease related to
sales of previously leased testers in Semiconductor Test in 2015 and lower Wireless Test sales in 2016, partially offset by a 0.5 point increase due to lower freight costs and a 0.2 point increase due to lower variable compensation.  
 We assess the carrying value of our inventory on a quarterly basis by estimating future demand and comparing that demand against on-hand and
on-order inventory positions. Forecasted revenue information is obtained from the sales and marketing groups and incorporates factors such as backlog and future revenue demand. This quarterly process identifies obsolete and excess inventory.
Obsolete inventory, which represents items for which there is no demand, is fully reserved. Excess inventory, which represents inventory items that are not expected to be consumed during the next twelve quarters for our Semiconductor Test, System
Test and Industrial Automation segments and the next four quarters for our Wireless Test segment, is written-down to estimated net realizable value.  
 During the three months ended October 2, 2016, we recorded an inventory provision of $3.0 million included in cost of revenues primarily due
to downward revisions to previously forecasted demand levels. Of the $3.0 million of total excess and obsolete provisions, $2.3 million was related to Semiconductor Test, $0.6 million was related to Wireless Test, and $0.1 million was related
to System Test.    During the three months ended October 4, 2015, we recorded an inventory provision of $3.1 million included in cost
of revenues primarily due to downward revisions to previously forecasted demand levels. Of the $3.1 million of total excess and obsolete provisions, $1.7 million was related to Semiconductor Test, $0.9 million was related to Wireless Test, and $0.5
million was related to System Test.    During the three months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015, we scrapped $4.6 million and $3.6
million of inventory, respectively. During the three months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015, we sold $1.8 million and $2.0 million of previously written-down or written-off inventory, respectively. As of October 2, 2016, we had inventory
related reserves for inventory which had been written-down or written-off totaling $123.4 million. We have no pre-determined timeline to scrap the remaining inventory.  
  Engineering and Development   
 Engineering and development expenses were as follows:      
 
      36  

Table of Contents  

  The decrease of $2.6 million in engineering and development expenses was primarily due to lower
variable compensation and lower spending in Semiconductor Test and Wireless Test, partially offset by additional spending in Industrial Automation.  
  Selling and Administrative   
 Selling and administrative expenses were as follows:      
   The increase of $1.3 million in selling and administrative expenses was due primarily to additional spending
in Industrial Automation, partially offset by lower variable compensation.     Acquired Intangible Assets Amortization   
 Acquired intangible assets amortization expense was as follows:      
   Acquired intangible assets amortization expense decreased due to lower amortization expense in the Wireless
Test segment due to the impairment of intangible assets in the second quarter of 2016.     Restructuring and Other   
  Other     During the three
months ended October 2, 2016, we recorded an expense of $8.0 million for the increase in the fair value of contingent consideration liability related to Universal Robots and $0.3 million of expenses related to an April 16, 2016 earthquake in
Kumamoto, Japan, offset by $0.3 million of property insurance recovery.    During the three months ended October 4, 2015, we
recorded a $1.0 million gain from the decrease in the fair value of the AIT contingent consideration liability, partially offset by $0.1 million of acquisition costs related to Universal Robots.  
  Restructuring     During the
three months ended October 2, 2016, we recorded $4.2 million of severance charges related to headcount reductions of 72 people, of which 55 people were in Wireless Test and 17 people were in Semiconductor Test.  
 During the three months ended October 4, 2015, we recorded $1.1 million of severance charges related to headcount reductions of 18
people, primarily in System Test.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

   Interest and Other   
   
   Interest income increased by $1.2 million due primarily to higher cash and marketable securities balances in
2016. Other (income) expense, net increased primarily due to net foreign exchange gains.     Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes   

(1) 
 Included in Corporate are: contingent consideration adjustments, interest income, interest expense, other (income) expense, pension actuarial losses, expenses related to the Japan earthquake and property insurance
recovery, and net foreign exchange gains.      The decrease in income before income taxes in Semiconductor Test was primarily
due to lower service revenue. The decrease in income before income taxes in System Test was primarily due to lower sales in Storage Test of 3.5  hard disk drive testers for cloud storage. The decrease in income before income taxes in Wireless
Test was primarily due to lower revenue driven by lower connectivity and cellular test system sales.     Income Taxes   
 The effective tax rate for the three months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015 was (6.9)% and 18.3%, respectively. The change in the
effective tax rate is primarily attributable to the effect of the non-deductible goodwill impairment charge which reduced the benefit of the forecast annual loss before income taxes in the U.S. The rate for the three months ended October 2, 2016
also reflects $6.4 million of discrete tax benefits composed of $3.1 million from out-of-period adjustments, $1.6 million related to tax credit carryforwards, $0.7 million from non-taxable foreign exchange gains and $1.0 million of benefit from
other discrete tax items. The rate for the three months ended October 4, 2015 includes $3.3 million of discrete tax benefits composed of $1.8 million of benefit attributable to a United States Tax Court opinion regarding intercompany cost sharing
arrangements, $0.6 million of reductions in uncertain tax positions resulting from the expiration of statutes of limitations and $0.9 million from other discrete tax benefits.  
 During the three months ended October 2, 2016, we recorded out-of-period adjustments of approximately $3.1 million to increase deferred tax
assets and decrease income tax expense related to alternative minimum tax credits and capitalized inventory costs that should have been recognized previously. The out-of-period adjustments are not material to the current period or the relevant
prior.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

    Nine Months of 2016 Compared to Nine Months of 2015    
  Revenues     Revenues by our
four reportable segments were as follows:      
   The increase in Semiconductor Test revenues of $100.9 million, or 10.1%, was primarily due to higher product
volume in the application processor market. The decrease in System Test revenue of $12.7 million, or 8.3%, was primarily due to lower sales in Storage Test. The decrease in Wireless Test revenue of $81.6 million, or 53.6%, was driven by lower demand
for connectivity and cellular test systems primarily from our largest Wireless Test segment customer. As a result of significant customer concentration in our Wireless Test segment, quarterly revenue in that segment is subject to significant
fluctuations based on our largest customer s order levels. The acquisition of Universal Robots, which is our Industrial Automation segment, completed in June 2015, added $65.4 million of revenue in the nine months ended October 2, 2016.  
 Revenues by country as a percentage of total revenues were as follows (1):  

(1) 
 Revenues attributable to a country are based on location of customer site.    
      39  

Table of Contents  

   Gross Profit   
 Our gross profit was as follows:      
   Gross profit as a percent of revenue decreased by 2.8 points, of which a 3.6 point decrease was related to
product mix and sales of previously leased testers in Semiconductor Test in 2015 and lower Wireless Test sales in 2016, partially offset by a 0.4 point increase due to lower excess and obsolete inventory provisions and a 0.3 point increase due to
higher product volume.    We assess the carrying value of our inventory on a quarterly basis by estimating future demand and comparing that
demand against on-hand and on-order inventory positions. Forecasted revenue information is obtained from the sales and marketing groups and incorporates factors such as backlog and future revenue demand. This quarterly process identifies obsolete
and excess inventory. Obsolete inventory, which represents items for which there is no demand, is fully reserved. Excess inventory, which represents inventory items that are not expected to be consumed during the next twelve quarters for our
Semiconductor Test, System Test and Industrial Automation segments and the next four quarters for our Wireless Test segment, is written-down to estimated net realizable value.  
 During the nine months ended October 2, 2016, we recorded an inventory provision of $15.1 million included in cost of revenues primarily due
to downward revisions to previously forecasted demand levels. Of the $15.1 million of total excess and obsolete provisions, $8.3 million was related to Semiconductor Test, $6.4 million was related to Wireless Test, and $0.4 million was related to
System Test.    During the nine months ended October 4, 2015, we recorded an inventory provision of $18.9 million included in cost of
revenues primarily due to $7.7 million related to downward revisions to previously forecasted demand levels for our 2.5  hard disk drive testers in Storage Test, $6.0 million related to product transition in Semiconductor Test, and $2.1 million
related to downward revision to previously forecasted demand levels in Wireless Test. Of the $18.9 million of total excess and obsolete provisions, $8.6 million was related to Semiconductor Test, $8.2 million was related to System Test, and $2.1
million was related to Wireless Test.    During the nine months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015, we scrapped $6.8 million and $5.0
million of inventory, respectively. During the nine months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015, we sold $8.0 million and $6.4 million of previously written-down or written-off inventory, respectively. As of October 2, 2016, we had inventory
related reserves for inventory which had been written-down or written-off totaling $123.4 million. We have no pre-determined timeline to scrap the remaining inventory.  
  Engineering and Development   
 Engineering and development expenses were as follows:      
   The decrease of $0.3 million in engineering and development expenses was due primarily to lower variable
compensation, partially offset by additional costs as a result of the acquisition of Universal Robots in June 2015.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

   Selling and Administrative   
 Selling and administrative expenses were as follows:      
   The increase of $12.8 million in selling and administrative expenses was due primarily to additional costs as
a result of the acquisition of Universal Robots in June 2015, partially offset by lower variable compensation.     Acquired Intangible
Assets Amortization     Acquired intangible assets amortization expense was as follows:  
   
   Acquired intangible assets amortization expense decreased due to lower amortization expense in the Wireless
Test segment due to the impairment of intangible assets in the second quarter of 2016, partially offset by the Universal Robots acquisition in June 2015.  
  Goodwill Impairment     We
assess goodwill for impairment at least annually, in the fourth quarter, as of December 31, or on an interim basis between annual tests when events or circumstances indicate that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting
unit is less than its carrying value. In the second quarter of 2016, the Wireless Test reporting unit (which is our Wireless Test operating and reportable segment) reduced headcount by 11% as a result of a sharp decline in projected demand
attributable to an estimated smaller future wireless test market. The decrease in projected demand was due to lower forecasted buying from our largest Wireless Test segment customer (who has contributed between 51% and 73% of annual Wireless Test
sales since the LitePoint acquisition in 2011) as a result of the customer s numerous operational efficiencies; slower smartphone growth rates; and a slowdown of new wireless technology adoption. We considered the headcount reduction and sharp
decline in projected demand to be a triggering event for an interim goodwill impairment test. Following the interim goodwill impairment test, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $255 million in the second quarter of 2016.  
  Acquired Intangible Assets Impairment   
 We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets
may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. As a result of the Wireless Test segment goodwill impairment review in the second quarter of 2016, we performed an impairment test of the Wireless Test
segment s intangible and long-lived assets based on a comparison of the estimated undiscounted cash flows to the recorded value of the assets. If undiscounted cash flows for the asset are less than the carrying amount, the asset is written down
to its estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flow analysis. The cash flow estimates used to determine the impairment contain management s best estimates using appropriate assumptions and projections at that time. As a result of the
analysis, we recorded an $83.3 million impairment charge in the second quarter of 2016 in acquired intangible assets impairment on the statement of operations.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

   Restructuring and Other   
  Other     During the nine
months ended October 2, 2016, we recorded $4.2 million for an impairment of fixed assets and $1.2 million for expenses related to an earthquake in Kumamoto, Japan and $10.5 million for the increase in the fair value of contingent consideration
liability, of which $9.9 million was related to Universal Robots and $0.6 million was related to AIT, partially offset by $5.4 million of property insurance recovery related to the Japan earthquake.  
 During the nine months ended October 4, 2015, we recorded a $2.6 million gain from the decrease in the fair value of contingent
consideration liability, of which $1.6 million was related to the ZTEC acquisition and $1.0 million was related to the AIT acquisition, partially offset by $1.1 million of acquisition costs related to Universal Robots.  
  Restructuring     During the
nine months ended October 2, 2016, we recorded $5.9 million of severance charges related to headcount reductions of 146 people, of which 102 people were in Wireless Test and 44 people were in Semiconductor Test.  
 During the nine months ended October 4, 2015, we recorded $1.4 million of severance charges related to headcount reductions of 22 people,
primarily in System Test.     Interest and Other       
   Interest income increased by $1.0 million due primarily to higher cash and marketable securities balances in
2016. Interest expense increased by $0.9 million due primarily to costs related to the revolving credit facility and realized losses on sales of marketable securities in 2016. In 2015, other (income) expense, net included a $4.8 million gain
from the sale of an equity investment.     Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes   

(1) 
 Included in Corporate are: impairment of fixed assets and expenses related to the Japan earthquake, property insurance recovery, pension actuarial gains, contingent consideration adjustments, gain from the sale of an
equity investment, proceeds from life insurance, interest income and interest expense.    
      42  

Table of Contents  

  The increase in income before income taxes in Semiconductor Test was primarily due to higher
revenues in the application processor market. The increase in income before income taxes in System Test was primarily due to lower excess and obsolete inventory provisions. The increase in loss before income taxes in Wireless Test was primarily due
to goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges and lower revenue driven by lower connectivity and cellular test system sales. In June 2015, we completed the acquisition of Universal Robots, which is our Industrial Automation segment. The loss
before income taxes in Industrial Automation in the nine months ended October 2, 2016 and the nine months ended October 4, 2015 was primarily due to amortization of intangible assets.  
  Income Taxes     The
effective tax rate for the nine months ended October 2, 2016 and October 4, 2015 was 3.7% and 20.9%, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily attributable to the effect of the non-deductible goodwill impairment charge which
reduced the benefit of the forecast annual loss before income taxes in the U.S. The rate for the nine months ended October 2, 2016 includes the impact of a projected decrease in income subject to tax in the U.S. as compared to lower rate foreign
jurisdictions. The rate for the nine months ended October 2, 2016 also reflects $13.3 million of discrete tax benefits composed of $4.1 million from non-taxable foreign exchange gains, $3.1 million from out-of-period adjustments, $2.6 million of tax
reserve releases resulting from the settlement of a U.S. tax audit, $1.6 million related to tax credit carryforwards, $0.9 million related to marketable securities and $1.0 million of benefit from other discrete tax items. The effective tax rate for
the nine months ended October 4, 2015 includes $5.0 million of discrete tax benefits composed of $1.8 million of benefit attributable to a United States Tax Court opinion regarding intercompany cost sharing arrangements, $1.3 million of reductions
in uncertain tax positions resulting from the expiration of statutes and the settlement of an audit, $0.9 million from disqualifying dispositions of incentive stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares and $1.0 million from other discrete
tax benefits.    During the nine months ended October 2, 2016, we recorded out-of-period adjustments of approximately $3.1 million to
increase deferred tax assets and decrease income tax expense related to alternative minimum tax credits and capitalized inventory costs that should have been recognized previously. The out-of-period adjustments are not material to the current period
or the relevant prior periods.     Contractual Obligations   
 The following table reflects our contractual obligations as of October 2, 2016:  

(1) 
 Included in Other Long-Term Liabilities are liabilities for customer advances, extended warranty, uncertain tax positions, deferred tax liabilities and other obligations. For certain long-term obligations, we are unable
to provide a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of future payments relating to these obligations and therefore we included these amounts in the column marked  Other.     
      43  

Table of Contents  

   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances increased by $245.9 million in the nine months ended October 2, 2016 to $1,254
million.    In the nine months ended October 2, 2016, changes in operating assets and liabilities provided cash of $85.1 million. This was
due to an $81.3 million decrease in operating assets and a $3.8 million increase in operating liabilities.    The decrease in operating
assets was due to a $45.7 million decrease in accounts receivable due to increased collections and a $48.6 million decrease in inventories, partially offset by a $13.0 million increase in prepayments and other assets. The increase in operating
liabilities was due to a $53.4 million increase in deferred revenue and customer advance payments, a $16.3 million increase in other accrued liabilities and a $4.2 million increase in accrued income taxes, partially offset by a $33.4 million
decrease in accrued employee compensation due primarily to variable compensation and employee stock compensation awards  payroll tax payments, a $30.8 million decrease in accounts payable, and $5.9 million of retirement plan contributions.  
 Investing activities during the nine months ended October 2, 2016 used cash of $268.1 million, due to $875.8 million used for purchases of
marketable securities and $66.3 million used for purchases of property, plant and equipment, partially offset by $466.7 million and $202.2 million in proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities, respectively, and proceeds from
property insurance of $5.1 million related to the Japan earthquake.    Financing activities during the nine months ended October 2, 2016
used cash of $109.9 million, due to $85.1 million used for the repurchase of 4.3 million shares of common stock at an average price of $19.69 per share, $36.5 million used for dividend payments and $11.7 million used for a payment related to
the Universal Robots acquisition contingent consideration, partially offset by $20.1 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase and stock option plans and $3.4 million from the tax benefit related to employee stock
compensation awards.    In the nine months ended October 4, 2015, changes in operating assets and liabilities provided cash of $39.9
million. This was due to a $42.2 million increase in operating assets and an $82.1 million increase in operating liabilities.    The
increase in operating assets was due to a $91.1 million increase in accounts receivable due to higher sales, partially offset by a $33.4 million decrease in inventories and a $15.5 million decrease in prepayments and other assets. The increase in
operating liabilities was due to a $41.8 million increase in other accrued liabilities, a $25.9 million increase in accounts payable due to higher sales, a $25.7 million increase in accrued income taxes, and a $6.8 million increase in customer
advance payments and deferred revenue partially offset by a $15.1 million decrease in accrued employee compensation due primarily to variable compensation and employee stock compensation awards  payroll tax payments, and $3.0 million of
retirement plans contributions.    Investing activities during the nine months ended October 4, 2015 used cash of $126.5 million, due
to $957.7 million used for purchases of marketable securities, $282.7 million used for the acquisition of Universal Robots, and $66.7 million used for purchases of property, plant and equipment, partially offset by proceeds from maturities and
sales of marketable securities of $330.4 million and $843.7 million, respectively, proceeds from the sale of an equity investment of $5.4 million, and proceeds from life insurance of $1.1 million related to the cash surrender value from the
cancellation of Teradyne owned life insurance policies.    Financing activities during the nine months ended October 4, 2015 used cash
of $246.2 million, due to $226.8 million used for the repurchase of 11.9 million shares of common stock at an average price of $19.09 per share, $38.4 million used for dividend payments, and $2.3 million used for debt issuance costs related to
our  
      44  

Table of Contents  

April 2015 revolving credit facility, partially offset by $18.1 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase and stock option plans and $3.2 million from the tax
benefit related to employee stock compensation awards.    In January 2016, May 2016, and August 2016, our Board of Directors declared a
quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share. In the nine months ended October 2, 2016, dividend payments were $36.5 million.    In January
2015, May 2015, and August 2015, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share. In the nine months ended October 4, 2015, dividend payments were $38.4 million.  
 In January 2015, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $500 million of common stock of which $300 million was repurchased
in 2015. In 2016, we intend to repurchase between $100 million and $200 million. During the nine months ended October 2, 2016, we repurchased 4.3 million shares of common stock at an average price of $19.69, for a total cost of $85.1 million.
The cumulative repurchases under this program as of October 2, 2016 totaled 19.9 million shares of common stock for $385 million at an average price of $19.31 per share.  
 While we declared a quarterly cash dividend and authorized a share repurchase program, we may reduce or eliminate the cash dividend or share
repurchase program in the future. Future cash dividends and stock repurchases are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors which will consider, among other things, our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition.  
 We believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance will be sufficient to pay our quarterly dividend, execute our
authorized share repurchase program and meet our working capital and expenditure needs for at least the next twelve months. The amount of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities in the U.S. and our operations in the U.S. provide sufficient
liquidity to fund our business activities in the U.S. We have $826 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities outside the U.S. that if repatriated would incur additional taxes. Determination of the additional taxes that would be
incurred is not practicable due to uncertainty regarding the remittance structure, the mix of earnings and earnings and profit pools in the year of remittance, and overall complexity of the calculation. Inflation has not had a significant long-term
impact on earnings.     Equity Compensation Plans   
 As discussed in Note N:  Stock Based Compensation  in our 2015 Form 10-K, we have a 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and a 2006
Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive Plan (the  2006 Equity Plan ).    The purpose of the 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is
to encourage stock ownership by all eligible employees of Teradyne. The purpose of the 2006 Equity Plan is to provide equity ownership and compensation opportunities in Teradyne to our employees, officers, directors, consultants and/or advisors.
Both plans were approved by our shareholders.     Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   
 On October 24, 2016, the Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-16,
  Accounting for Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Asset Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory .    Under current Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ), the tax effects of intra-entity asset transfers are
deferred until the transferred asset is sold to a third party or otherwise recovered through use. The new guidance requires recognition of the tax expense from the sale of the asset in the seller s tax jurisdiction when the transfer occurs,
even though the pre-tax effects of that transaction are eliminated in consolidation. Any deferred tax asset that arises in the buyer s jurisdiction would also be recognized at the time of the transfer. The new guidance does not apply to
intra-entity transfers of inventory. The income tax consequences from the sale of  
      45  

Table of Contents  

inventory from one member of a consolidated entity to another will continue to be deferred until the inventory is sold to a third party. The new guidance will be effective in fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The modified retrospective approach will be required for transition to the new guidance, with a cumulative-effect adjustment recorded in retained earnings as of the beginning of the
period of adoption. We are currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on our financial position, results of operations and statement of cash flows.  
 On March 31, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting.   This ASU changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as
well as classification in the statement of cash flows. This pronouncement is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We do not expect this ASU to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations
and statement of cash flows.    In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842).   The guidance in this
ASU supersedes the lease recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Certification ( ASC ) Topic 840,   Leases.   The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record an
ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than twelve months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income
statement. The new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 with early adoption permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or
entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. We are currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on our financial position and results of operations.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities .    This ASU provides guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. The new pronouncement revises accounting related to equity investments
and the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. Among other things, it amends the presentation and disclosure requirements of equity securities that do not result in consolidation and are not
accounted for under the equity method. Changes in the fair value of these equity securities will be recognized directly in net income. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently
evaluating the impact of this ASU on our financial position and results of operations.    In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,
  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes .    ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by eliminating the separate classification of deferred income tax liabilities and
assets into current and noncurrent amounts in the balance sheet. The amendments in the update require that all deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in the balance sheet. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, and may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively to all periods presented. Early adoption is permitted. We early adopted this ASU prospectively in the first quarter of 2016.  
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,   which requires debt
issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated debt liability, consistent with the presentation for debt discount. ASU 2015-03 does not specifically address requirements for the
presentation or subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. On August 8, 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,   Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)   clarifying that debt
issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements could be presented as an asset and amortized over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. We
adopted this ASU in the first quarter of 2016. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations.      
      46  

Table of Contents  

  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements -
Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)  .   ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related
footnote disclosures. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We do not expect this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),   which will replace numerous
requirements in U.S. GAAP, including industry-specific requirements, and provide companies with a single revenue recognition model for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of the new standard is that a company should
recognize revenue to show the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, FASB issued ASU
2015-14, which deferred the effective date of the new revenue standard by one year. For Teradyne, the standard will be effective in the first quarter of 2018. Early adoption is permitted but not before the original effective date (that is, annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2016). The two permitted transition methods under the new standard are the full retrospective method, in which case the standard would be applied to each prior reporting period presented, or the modified
retrospective method, in which case the cumulative effect of applying the standard would be recognized at the date of initial application. We have not yet selected a transition method. We are currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on our
financial position and results of operations.      

Item 3:  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk       For  Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  affecting Teradyne, see Part 2 Item 7a,  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016.
There were no material changes in our exposure to market risk from those set forth in our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.      

Item 4:  
  Controls and Procedures       As of the end of the period covered by this report, our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) or Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that material information
required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, including ensuring that such material
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 During the period covered by this report, except for any changes in internal controls related to the integration of Universal Robots, acquired
on June 11, 2015, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. A control system, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1:  
  Legal Proceedings       We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, which have
arisen, in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.  

Item 1A:  
  Risk Factors       In addition to other information set forth in this Form 10-Q, you should
carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A: Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The
risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K remain applicable to our business.    The risks described in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results.
     The recent natural disaster in Japan could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our results of operations.    
 The recent earthquake in Japan has damaged our building and impacted our operations located in Kumamoto. We have temporarily transferred the
manufacturing operations to other facilities so we do not expect the damage to have a significant impact on our ability to manufacture our products or sell products to our customers. However, the situation in Kumamoto remains uncertain so the events
could have a short-term impact to our business in Japan. In addition, we may incur significant uninsured costs in order to rebuild our operations which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  

Item 2:  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       In January 2015, our Board
of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $500 million of common stock of which $300 million was repurchased in 2015. In 2016, we intend to repurchase between $100 million and $200 million. During the nine months ended October 2, 2016, we
repurchased 4.3 million shares of common stock at an average price of $19.69, for a total cost of $85.1 million. The cumulative repurchases under this program as of October 2, 2016 totaled 19.9 million shares of common stock for $385
million at an average price of $19.31 per share.    The following table includes information with respect to repurchases we made of our
common stock during the three months ended October 2, 2016 (in thousands except per share price):      

(1) 
 Includes 3.3 thousand shares at an average price of $20.56 withheld from employees for the payment of taxes.    
      48  

Table of Contents  

  We satisfy U.S. federal and state minimum withholding tax obligations due upon the vesting and
the conversion of restricted stock units into shares of our common stock, by automatically withholding from the shares being issued, a number of shares with an aggregate fair market value on the date of such vesting and conversion that would satisfy
the minimum withholding amount due.      

Item 4:  
  Mine Safety Disclosures       Not Applicable  

Item 6:  
  Exhibits         

Exhibit  
  Number   
    
    Description    

31.1 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith)  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith)  

32.1 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith)  

32.2 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith)  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  
 
      49  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.       

TERADYNE, INC.   
 
 Registrant  

/ S / G REGORY  R.
B EECHER            
 
    Gregory R. Beecher  
  Vice President,     Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer     (Duly Authorized Officer  
  and Principal Financial Officer)    

November 10, 2016   

50  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d105293dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Mark
E. Jagiela, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Teradyne, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):  
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    Date: November 10, 2016      

By: 
   
   / S / M ARK  E.
J AGIELA            

Mark E. Jagiela   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d105293dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I,
Gregory R. Beecher, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Teradyne, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):  
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    Date: November 10, 2016      

By: 
   
   / S / G REGORY  R.
B EECHER        

Gregory R. Beecher   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d105293dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Teradyne, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 2, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Mark E. Jagiela, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C (S) 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:    (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report.      

/ S / M ARK  E.
J AGIELA            
 
  Mark E. Jagiela   
 
  Chief Executive Officer   
 
  November 10, 2016   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d105293dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Teradyne, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 2, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Gregory R. Beecher, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C (S) 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:    (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report.      

/ S / G REGORY  R.
B EECHER            
 
  Gregory R. Beecher   
 
  Chief Financial Officer   
 
  November 10, 2016   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ter-20161002.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ter-20161002.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ter-20161002_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ter-20161002_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ter-20161002_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ter-20161002_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

