<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_805729_0001477932-16-013445_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2117825</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>79593</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>161271</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>478696</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>798403</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>493884</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-013445.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114145158
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-013445
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000805729
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-NURSING & PERSONAL CARE FACILITIES [8050]
		IRS NUMBER:				870429748
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25765
		FILM NUMBER:		161993911

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO.28, XI HUA SOUTH RD., HIGH-TECH ZONE
		CITY:			XIAN YANG, SHAAN XI PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			712000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011-86-29-332576

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO.28, XI HUA SOUTH RD., HIGH-TECH ZONE
		CITY:			XIAN YANG, SHAAN XI PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			712000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHINA FORESTRY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PATRIOT INVESTMENT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990413

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-013445.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 chyl_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   chyl_10q.htm     
 
     UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549         FORM 10-Q             For the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016 , or           For the transition period from ___________ to ____________      Commission File Number: 0-25765                China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation        (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                  Nevada         87-0429748       (State of Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)                No.28, Xi Hua South Rd., High-Tech Zone,    Xian Yang City, Shaanxi Province, PRC         712000       (Address of Principal Executive Offices)      (ZIP Code)           (011) (86) 29-33257666    (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):             Large accelerated filer           Accelerated filer             Non-accelerated filer           Smaller reporting company     x          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x      Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 56,000,007 as of November 11, 2016.      

TABLE OF CONTENTS                       Page                        PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION                            Item 1.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        6          Item 2.      MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS        24          Item 3.      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK        29          Item 4.      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        29                       PART II   OTHER INFORMATION                            Item 1.      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS        30          Item 1A.      RISK FACTORS        30          Item 2.      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS        30          Item 3.      DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES        30          Item 4.      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE        30          Item 5.      OTHER INFORMATION        30          Item 6.      EXHIBITS        31           Throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the "Company", "we," "us," and "our," refer to China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation, a Nevada corporation, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires.            FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS      This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains certain forward-looking statements. The statements herein which are not historical reflect our current expectations and projections about the Company's future results, performance, liquidity, financial condition, prospects and opportunities and are based upon information currently available to us and our management and our interpretation of what we believe to be significant factors affecting our business, including many assumptions about future events. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things:                   our ability to produce, market and generate sales of our products and services;                        our ability to develop and/or introduce new products and services;                        our projected future sales, profitability and other financial metrics;                        our future financing plans;                        our anticipated needs for working capital;                        the anticipated trends in our industry;                        our ability to expand our sales and marketing capability;                        acquisitions of other companies or assets that we might undertake in the future;                        competition existing today or that will likely arise in the future; and                        other factors discussed elsewhere herein.                 Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words "may," "should," "will," "plan," "could," "target," "contemplate," "predict," "potential," "continue," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "intend," "seek," or "project" or the negative of these words or other variations on these or similar words. Actual results, performance, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, prospects and opportunities could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements as a result of various risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the ability to raise sufficient capital to continue the Company's operations. These statements may be found under Part I, Item 2 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," as well as elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q generally. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, matters described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.            In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will in fact occur.     Potential investors should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws, there is no undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason.     The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q represent our views as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Such statements are presented only as a guide about future possibilities and do not represent assured events, and we anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.      This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q also contains estimates and other statistical data prepared by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other data about our industry. These estimates and data involve a number of assumptions and limitations, and potential investors are cautioned not to give undue weight to these estimates and data. We have not independently verified the statistical and other industry data generated by independent parties and contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the industries in which we operate are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk.     Potential investors should not make an investment decision based solely on our projections, estimates or expectations.           China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements     September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015     (Stated in U.S. Dollars)                                  PART I.     FINANCIAL INFORMATION        ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation  (f/k/a China Forestry, Inc.)      Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)              Content         Page                     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm          7                      Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets          8                      Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income          9                      Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows          10                      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements        11                       6       
     Table of Contents                   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM       To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of  China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation      We have reviewed the accompanying interim condensed consolidated balance sheets of China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation ( the Company ) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the related condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and condensed consolidated cash flows for the nine-month period then ended. These interim condensed consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.     We conducted our review in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion.     Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements referred to above for them to be in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.     We have previously audited, in accordance with auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation as of December 31, 2015, and the related statements of income, comprehensive income, retained earnings, and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein); and in our report dated September 30, 2016, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the balance sheet from which it has been derived.             San Mateo, California    WWC, P.C.      Nov [     ], 2016    Certified Public Accountants                           7       
     Table of Contents         China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation    Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)           See Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements and Accountant s Report                 8       
     Table of Contents         China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation    Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income   For the three-months and nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)           See Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements and Accountant s Report                   9       
     Table of Contents         China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation    Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   For the nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)            See Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements and Accountant s Report            China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   As of and for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2016  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)      1. ORGANIZATION, BASIS OF PRESENTATION, AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES                      (a)    Organization history                                China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation (the  Company ), formerly known as China Forestry, Inc., was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on January 13, 1986 under the name of Patriot Investment Corporation. The Company engaged in the business of plantation and sale of garden plants.     On July 15, 2010, the Company entered into a Share Exchange with Financial International (Hong Kong) Holdings Co. Limited ( FIHK ).     From April 1, 2010 to May 20, 2011, FIHK had a series of contractual arrangements with Hanzhong Hengtai Bio-Tech Limited ( Hengtai ), a company organized and existing under the laws of the People s Republic of China that is engaged in the plantation and sale of garden plants used for landscaping, including Chinese Yew, Aesculus, Dove Tree and Dendrobium.     On May 20, 2011, FIHK exercised its rights under the Exclusive Option Agreement to direct Xi an Qi Ying Senior Living, Inc. (formerly known as Xi an Qi Ying Bio-Tech Limited), a company organized and existing under the laws of the People s Republic of China ( Qi Ying ), the indirect wholly owned subsidiary of FIHK, to acquire all of the equity capital of Hengtai. The Exclusive Option Agreement was exercised in a manner that the shareholders of Hengtai transferred all of their equity capital in Hengtai to Qi Ying. At or about the same time, Spone Limited, a company organized and existing under the laws of the Hong Kong SAR of the People s Republic of China ( Spone ), acquired all of the capital stock of Qi Ying, so that it became a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Spone. FIHK then acquired all of the capital stock of Spone, so that it became a direct wholly owned subsidiary of FIHK. As a result, Hengtai became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of FIHK and also accordingly became the indirect wholly owned subsidiary of us.     On June 15, 2012, the Company effected a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The par value and number of authorized shares of the common stock remained unchanged. All references to number of shares and per share amounts included in these consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes have been adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split retroactively.     On September 8, 2015, the Company changed its name from China Forestry, Inc. to China Senor Living Industry International Holding Corporation.     On September 29, 2015, Qi Ying entered into a set of VIE Agreements with Shaanxi Yifuge Investments and Assets Co, Ltd ( YFG ) and YFG became the Company s affiliated operating company in China. As consideration for the entry of the VIE agreement, the Company will issue 33,600,000 shares of common stock to Jingcao Wu, a director of the Company. As a result, YFG became a variable interest entity ( VIE ) and was included in the consolidated group.     The transaction between Qi Ying and YFG has been accounted for as a recapitalization of YFG where the Company (the legal acquirer) is considered the accounting acquiree and YFG (the legal acquiree) is considered the accounting acquirer. As a result of this transaction, the Company is deemed to be a continuation of the business of YFG. Accordingly, the financial data included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for all periods prior to September 29, 2015 is that of the accounting acquirer, YFG. The historical stockholders  equity of the accounting acquirer prior to the share exchange has been retroactively restated as if the transaction occurred as of the beginning of the first period presented.                China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  As of and for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2016  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)                        On September 29, 2015, the Board of Director also approved the transfer of Qi Ying s equity ownership in Hengtai to Zhenheng Shao, Zhenzhong Shao, and Yongli Yang.     As a result, we ceased the business of plantation and sale of garden plants and became engaged in senior living and senior care business through YFG.     On December 31, 2015, YFG changed its name from Shaanxi Yifuge Investments and Assets Co., Ltd to Shaanxi Jinjiangshan Senior Living Management Co. Ltd ( JJS ).                            (b)    Basis of presentation                            The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( US GAAP ).                           This basis of accounting differs in certain material respects from that used for the preparation of the books of account of the Company s principal subsidiaries, which are prepared in accordance with the accounting principles and the relevant financial regulations applicable to enterprises with limited liabilities established in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ) or in the accounting standards used in the places of their domicile. The accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect necessary adjustments not recorded in the books of account of the Company s subsidiaries to present them in conformity with US GAAP.                          (c)    Principal activities                            The Company is engaged in rendering management services to senior homes by providing healthcare, medical staff, meal preparation, and general care for the elderly in Xianyang City, Shaanxi Province, People s Republic of China.                2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES                    (a)    Method of Accounting                             The Company maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management. Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in the presentation of financial statements, which are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.               China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  As of and for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2016  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)                   (b)    Principles of consolidation                             The accompanying consolidated financial statements which include the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries, FIHK, Spone, Qi Ying, and its variable interest entity, JJS, are compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. In accordance with FASB ASC 810, Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities, variable interest entities, or VIEs, are generally entity that lack sufficient equity to finance their activities without additional financial support from other parties or whose equity holders lack adequate decision making ability. All VIEs with which the Company is involved must be evaluated to determine the primary beneficiary of the risks and rewards of the VIE. The primary beneficiary is required to consolidate the VIE for financial reporting purposes. In connection with the adoption of this ASC 810, the Company concludes that JJS is a VIE and Qi Ying is the primary beneficiary. The financial statements of JJS are then consolidated with Qi Ying s financial statements.                            As of September 30, 2016, the detailed identities of the consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:                        Place of           Attributable           Registered          Name of Company           incorporation           equity interest %           capital                                             Financial International (Hong Kong)       Hong Kong       100%       HKD      Holdings Company Limited               10,000,000                        Spone Limited       Hong Kong       100%       HKD 1                        Xi an Qi Ying Senior Living, Inc       PRC       100%       RMB 50,000      ( Qi Ying )                                    Shaanxi Jinjiangshan Senior Living       PRC       Variable Interest Entity, with Qi       RMB      Management Co. Ltd          Ying as the primary beneficiary      3,000,000                       (c)    Use of estimates                             The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however, actual results could differ materially from those estimates.                           (d)    Cash and cash equivalents                             The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.                           (e)    Revenue recognition                             The Company records revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, services have been rendered, the sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured.                            The Company's revenue consists of management services rendered to senior homes. Service revenue is recognized when the service is performed.                China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  As of and for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2016  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)                   (f)    Cost of revenue                             The cost for providing management services is comprised of direct labor wages and purchasing cost of food for preparing meals for the seniors.                           (g)    General   administrative expenses                             General and administrative expenses include general overhead such as the office rental and utilities.                           (h)    Income taxes                             The Company accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach, deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits, or that future realization is uncertain.                       The Company has implemented ASC Topic 740,  Accounting for Income Taxes.  Income tax liabilities computed according to the People s Republic of China (PRC) tax laws are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences, which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize that tax benefit, or that future realization is uncertain.                            Effective January 1, 2008, PRC government implemented a new 25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as "two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption" hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard 25% tax rate, tax holidays terminated as of December 31, 2007. However, PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that were already participating in tax holidays before January 1, 2008, to continue enjoying the tax holidays until they had been fully utilized.                            In order to encourage enterprises to operate senior homes, PRC tax law provides a tax holiday by waiving the income tax for entities operating in this industry. According to the Minfa (2015) No. 33  Advice to Encourage Private Capital to Participate in the Development of Pension Services , jointly issued by ten ministries which include the Ministry of Civil Affairs and the Ministry of Finance of the People s Republic of China, the Company is entitled to benefit from the sales tax exemption and business tax exemption policy. As such, the Company is not subject to income tax as of September 30, 2016.                       (i)    Earnings per share                             Basic earnings per share is computed on the basis of the weighted average number of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed on the basis of the weighted average number of common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding. Dilutive securities having an anti-dilutive effect on diluted earnings per share are excluded from the calculation.                            Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method for options and warrants. Under this method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later), and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period.              China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  As of and for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2016  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)                  (j)    Statutory reserves                             Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations, which can be used to recover losses and increase capital, as approved, and are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred $- and $15,208 from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the nine-months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, respectively. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit, must appropriate, on an annual basis, an amount equal to 10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to 50% of the enterprise s PRC registered capital.                           (k)    Foreign currency translation                             The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currencies of the Company are the Renminbi (RMB) and the Hong Kong Dollars (HKD). The financial statements are translated into United States dollars from the functional currencies at year-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.                             The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted into US Dollars at the rates used in translation.                          (l)    Financial Instruments                            The Company s financial instruments, including cash and equivalents, accounts and other receivables, accounts and other payables, accrued liabilities and short-term debt, have carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825,  Financial Instruments,  defines fair value, and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:                 China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  As of and for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2016  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)                   Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.                        Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.                        Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.                        The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480,  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity,  and ASC 815.                           As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company did not identify any assets and liabilities whose carrying amounts were required to be adjusted in order to present them at fair value.                             (m)    Commitments and contingencies                             Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.                 China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  As of and for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2016  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)                   (n)    Comprehensive income                             Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures, all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Company s current component of other comprehensive income includes the foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or loss.                            The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220,  Reporting Comprehensive Income . Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders  equity, except the changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included net income and foreign currency translation adjustments.                           (o)    Subsequent Events                             The Company evaluated for subsequent events through the issuance date of the Company s financial statements.                           (p)    Unaudited Interim Financial Information                             These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for interim financial reporting and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit reduced disclosure for interim periods. Therefore, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted. In the opinion of management, all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented have been made. The results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016.                       (q)    Recent accounting pronouncements                             On January 5, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01  Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Although the ASU retains many current requirements, it significantly revises an entity s accounting related to (1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. The ASU also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments.                            The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017.                China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  As of and for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2016  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)                    On February 25, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02  Leases (Topic 842) , its new standard on accounting for leases. ASU 2016-02 introduces a lessee model that brings most leases on the balance sheet. The new standard also aligns many of the underlying principles of the new lessor model with those in ASC 606, the FASB s new revenue recognition standard (e.g., those related to evaluating when profit can be recognized).                            Furthermore, the ASU addresses other concerns related to the current leases model. For example, the ASU eliminates the requirement in current U.S. GAAP for an entity to use bright-line tests in determining lease classification. The standard also requires lessors to increase the transparency of their exposure to changes in value of their residual assets and how they manage that exposure. The new model represents a wholesale change to lease accounting. As a result, entities will face significant implementation challenges during the transition period and beyond, such as those related to:                       Applying judgment and estimating.                        Managing the complexities of data collection, storage, and maintenance.                        Enhancing information technology systems to ensure their ability to perform the calculations necessary for compliance with reporting requirements.                        Refining internal controls and other business processes related to leases.                        Determining whether debt covenants are likely to be affected and, if so, working with lenders to avoid violations.                        Addressing any income tax implications.                           The new guidance will be effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 (e.g., calendar periods beginning on January 1, 2019), and interim periods therein.                             On March 15, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07  Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting , which simplifies the equity method of accounting by eliminating the requirement to retrospectively apply the equity method to an investment that subsequently qualifies for such accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence. Consequently, when an investment qualifies for the equity method (as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence), the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee would be added to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and the equity method would be applied subsequently from the date on which the investor obtains the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee. The ASU further requires that unrealized holding gains or losses in accumulated other comprehensive income related to an available-for-sale security that becomes eligible for the equity method be recognized in earnings as of the date on which the investment qualifies for the equity method.                             The guidance in the ASU is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years; early adoption is permitted for all entities. Entities are required to apply the guidance prospectively to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence occurring after the ASU s effective date. Additional transition disclosures are not required upon adoption. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this update would have a significant effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations.               China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  As of and for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2016  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)                    On March 17, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) , which amends the principal-versus-agent implementation guidance and illustrations in the Board s new revenue standard (ASU 2014-09). The FASB issued the ASU in response to concerns identified by stakeholders, including those related to (1) determining the appropriate unit of account under the revenue standard s principal-versus-agent guidance and (2) applying the indicators of whether an entity is a principal or an agent in accordance with the revenue standard s control principle. Among other things, the ASU clarifies that an entity should evaluate whether it is the principal or the agent for each specified good or service promised in a contract with a customer. As defined in the ASU, a specified good or service is  a distinct good or service (or a distinct bundle of goods or services) to be provided to the customer.  Therefore, for contracts involving more than one specified good or service, the entity may be the principal for one or more specified goods or services and the agent for others.                             The ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard (as amended by the one-year deferral and the early adoption provisions in ASU 2015-14). In addition, entities are required to adopt the ASU by using the same transition method they used to adopt the new revenue standard.                             On March 30, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions for both public and nonpublic entities, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.                              The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those annual reporting periods. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this update would have a significant effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations.                            On August 26, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15  Statement of Cash flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, a consensus of the FASB Emerging Task Force , which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice.                            The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual reporting periods. The amendments in this update should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this update would have a significant effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations.                            On October 26, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-17  Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held through Related Parties that are under common control , which amend the consolidation guidance on how a reporting entity that is the single decision maker of a VIE should treat indirect interests in the entity held through related parties that are under common control with the reporting entity when determining whether it is the primary beneficiary of that VIE.                            Under the amendments, a single decision maker is not required to consider indirect interests held through related parties that are under common control with the single decision maker to be the equivalent of direct interests in their entirety. Instead, a single decision maker is required to include those interests on a proportionate basis consistent with indirect interests held through other related parties.                            If, after performing that assessment, a reporting entity that is the single decision maker of a VIE concludes that it does not have the characteristics of a primary beneficiary, the amendments continue to require that reporting entity to evaluate whether it and one or more of its related parties under common control, as a group, have the characteristics of a primary beneficiary. If the single decision maker and its related parties that are under common control, as a group, have the characteristics of a primary beneficiary, then the party within the related party group that is most closely associated with the VIE is the primary beneficiary.               China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  As of and for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2016  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)                    The amendments in this update improve GAAP because, in situations involving common control, a single decision maker focuses on the economics to which it is exposed when determining whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE before potentially evaluating which party is most closely associated with the VIE.                            The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those annual reporting periods. Companies are allowed to adopt the amendments early, including in an interim period. If an entity elects to adopt the amendments early in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this update would have a significant effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations.                            Unless otherwise indicated, the Company is currently evaluating the impact that the pronouncements will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements.                            As of September 30, 2016, there are no other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would or could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.          3. (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE                  China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  As of and for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2016  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)      4  . RELATED PARTY RECEIVABLES                              Related party receivable represented the following:                 1.)  Advances made by the Company to Mr. Wu, Jingmeng. Mr. Wu is the deputy general manager of the Company. The funds will be used by Mr. Wu to pay for construction of a second senior home in Xianyang City, Shaanxi Province. The Company will provide management services to this new senior home after the construction is completed. The receivable had no impact on earnings. The balance of related party receivables is unsecured, interest-free and has no fixed terms of repayment. It is neither past due nor impaired. Management believes the amounts are recoverable.                   2.)  Service fees earned that the Company has not collected as of balance sheet date in connection with the services rendered to Xianyang during the period. The balance of related party receivables is unsecured, interest-free and has no fixed terms of repayment. It is neither past due nor impaired. Management believes that the amount will be repaid in the next billing cycle. Xianyang is controlled by the management of the Company.         5  . RELATED PARTY   ADVANCES                              Related party advances represented advances received in connection with services that have not yet been rendered to Xianyang but are expected to be in the future. Xianyang is controlled by the management of the Company.              China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  As of and for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2016  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)      6  .   RELATED PARTY PAYABLE                              Mr. Liu, Shengli is the former Chairman, President, and Director of the company. Mr. Liu had paid some necessary overseas consulting and advising fees, lawyer fees, and accounting fees on behalf of the company. The loan is unsecured and have no fixed terms of repayment, and are therefore deemed payable on demand.                    Xianyang is controlled by the management of the Company. Xianyang from time to time paid some of the professional fees on behalf of the company. The loan is unsecured and have no fixed terms of repayment, and are therefore deemed payable on demand.          7  .   LEASE COMMITMENTS                  On January 4, 2013, the Company entered into an operating lease agreement with a related party leasing for office space located in Xianyang City, Shaanxi Province. The lease expires on December 31, 2045. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had commitments for future minimum lease payments under a non-cancelable operating lease as follows:                    China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  As of and for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2016  (Stated in U.S. Dollars)      8. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION                  As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had one client which represented 100% of the revenue. The client is a related party. The related party is controlled by the management of the Company:               9. CONCENTRATIONS AND RISKS                  A.  Concentration                         As of September 30, 2016, the Company had one client which represented 100% of the revenue. The client is a related party. The related party is controlled by the management of the Company.                         B.  Economic and Political Risks                         The Company s operations are mainly conducted in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations may be influenced by changes in the political, economic, and legal environments in the PRC.                         The Company s operations in the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC, and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion, remittances abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things.             10.   SEGMENT INFORMATION                  For the nine-months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, all revenues of the Company represented the provision of management services to senior homes. No financial information by business segment is presented. Furthermore, as all revenues are derived from the PRC, no geographic information by geographical segment is presented.                ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS       The following discussion of the results of our operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, which appear elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except for the historical information contained herein, the following discussion, as well as other information in this report, contain "forward-looking statements," which are based on information we have when those statements are made or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events. Actual results and the timing of the events may differ materially from those contained in these forward looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the "Forward-Looking Statements" set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.     Description of Business     The Company was incorporated in Nevada on January 13, 1986. On September 29, 2015, the Company's indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary Xian Qi Ying Senior Living, Inc (formerly known as Xi'an Qi Ying Bio-Tech Limited) ("Qi Ying") entered into a series of various interest entity ("VIE") agreements with Shanxi Yifuge Investments and Assets Co, Ltd ("Yifuge"), and accordingly, Yifuge became our affiliated operating company in China. As consideration, we issued 33,600,000 shares of common stock to Jincao Wu, who is the control person and owner of Yifuge and the Company's current chief executive officer. On September 29, 2015, our board of directors approved the transfer of Qi Ying's equity ownership in Hanzhong Hengtai Bio-Tech Limited ("Hengtai") to three individuals, Zhenheng Shao, Zhenguo Shao and Yongli Yang. Upon the completion of this equity transfer, Hengtai is no longer our indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary in China, and we ceased the business of plantation and sale of garden plants through Hengtai and became engaged in senior living and senior care business through Yifuge. On 31 December, 2015, Yifuge changed its name from Shanxi Yifuge Investments and Assets Co., Ltd to Shanxi Jinjiangshan Senior Living Management Co, Ltd.     We mainly engage in the business of operating senior living facilities in Xianyang City, a part of Xi'an Metropolitan Area in Shaanxi Province, People's Republic of China (or "China" or "PRC"), out of our single location with the ability to serve 200 residents. We offer our residents access to a full continuum of services across all sectors of the senior living industry. We generate our revenues from private customers, which limits our exposure to government reimbursement risk. In addition, we control the operating economics of our facilities through property ownership and long-term leases. We believe we operate in the attractive sectors of the senior living industry in China with significant opportunities to increase our revenues through providing a combination of housing, hospitality services and health care services.     We plan to grow our revenue and operating income through a combination of: (i) organic growth in our existing portfolio; (ii) acquisitions of additional operating companies and facilities; and (iii) the realization of economies of scale. Given the size and breadth of our basic platform, we believe that we are well positioned to invest in a broad spectrum of assets in the senior living industry.     We believe that the senior living industry is the preferred alternative to meet the growing demand for a cost-effective residential setting in which to care for the elderly who cannot, or as a lifestyle choice choose not to, live independently due to physical or cognitive frailties and who may, as a result, require assistance with some of the activities of daily living or the availability of nursing or other medical care. Housing alternatives for seniors include a broad spectrum of senior living service and care options, including independent living, assisted living, memory care and skilled nursing care. More specifically, senior living consists of a combination of housing and the availability of 24-hour a day personal support services and assistance with certain activities of daily living.            Results of Operations       Three Months Ended   September   30, 2016   Compared to   Three Months Ended   September   30, 2015      The following table summarizes the results of our operations during the three-months period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and provides information regarding the dollar and percentage increase or (decrease) from the three-months period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2015.       (All amounts, other than percentages, stated in U.S. dollar  s  )               Revenue        Net revenues . Our net revenue for the three-months period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $ 120,014, which represents a decrease of approximately $ 16,124, or 11.8 %, from the three-months period ended September 30, 2015, in which our net revenue was $ 136,138.       Cost of Revenues.  Our cost of revenue for the three-months period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $ 91,051, which represents a decrease of approximately $ 11,172, or 10.9 %, from the three-months period ended September 30, 2015, in which our cost of revenue was $ 102,223.       Gross Profit . Our gross profit for the three-months period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $ 28,963, which represents a decrease of approximately $ 4,952, or 14.6 %, from the three-months period ended September 30, 2015, in which our gross profit was $ 33,915.              Operating Expenses        Selling   and Marketing   Expenses.  There were no selling expenses incurred in three-months period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.       Genera  l   and Administrative Expenses.  We experienced an increase in general and administrative expenses of $ 26,735 from $ 9,187 to $ 35,922 for the there-months period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was mainly due to the provision of additional professional fees resulted from the change in our major business in September 2015.        Operating(Loss)/Income       Our operating loss for the three-months period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $6,954, whereas our operating income for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2015 amounted to $ 133,276, which was mainly due to the increase of general and administrative expenses and drop in other income.       Income Taxes           There were no income tax expenses incurred in for the three-months period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.        Other income           Our other income (interest income) for the three-months period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $ 5, whereas net other income in the same period of 2015 amounted to $ 108,548, which represented the waiver of unpaid interest expense.        Net     (loss)/income       Taking into account of the above mentioned, our net loss for the three-months period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $ 6,954, whereas net income amounted to $ 133,276 for the same period ended September, 30 2015.       Nine   Months Ended   September   30, 2016   Compared to   Nine   Months Ended   September   30, 2015        The following table summarizes the results of our operations during the Nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and provides information regarding the dollar and percentage increase or (decrease) from the nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine-months period ended September 30, 2015.       (All amounts, other than percentages, stated in U.S. dollar  s  )                     Revenue         Net revenues . Our net revenue for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $ 358,232, which represents a decrease of approximately $ 39,665, or 10.0 %, from the nine-months period ended September 30, 2015, in which our net revenue was $ 397,897.       Cost of Revenues.  Our cost of revenue for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $ 256,145, which represents a decrease of approximately $ 16,796, or 6.2 %, from the nine-months period ended September 30, 2015, in which our cost of revenue was $ 272,941.       Gross Profit . Our gross profit for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $ 102,087, which represents a decrease of approximately $ 22,869, or 18.3 %, from the nine-months period ended September 30, 2015, in which our gross profit was $ 124,956.        Operating Expenses         Selling   and Marketing   Expenses.  There were no selling expenses incurred in nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.       General  and Administrative Expenses.  We experienced an increase in general and administrative expense of $ 74,805 from $ 41,172 to $ 115,977 for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was mainly due to the provision of additional professional fees resulted from the change in our major business in September 2015.        Operating(Loss)/Income       Our operating loss for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $ 13,890, whereas our operating income for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2015 amounted to $ 83,784, which was mainly due to the increase of general and administrative expenses and drop in other income.       Income Taxes        There were no income tax expenses incurred in for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.        Other income/(expense)       Our other income (interest income) for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $ 24, whereas net other income in the same period of 2015 amounted to $ 88,712, which mainly represented the waiver of unpaid interest expense.        Net     (loss)/income       Taking into account of the above mentioned, our net loss for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $ 13,866, whereas net income amounted to $ 172,496 for the same period ended September, 30 2015.            Liquidity and Capital Resources General      As of September 30, 2016, our cash and cash equivalents was $ 5,687.      Based upon our present plans, we rely on our related party to provide financing in order to be solvent. However, if available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating obligations as they come due, our plans include pursuing equity financing arrangements or reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash requirements. There is no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide liquidity, if needed. Currently, the capital markets for small capitalization companies are difficult. Thus we cannot be sure of the availability or terms of any equity financing arrangements.      The following table provides detailed information about our net cash flow for all financial statement periods presented in this report.             Operating Activities       Net cash used in operating activities for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $ 143,917 and $ 87,876 respectively. The net increase of approximately $ 56,041 in net cash flows used in operating activities resulted primarily from the change of net income amounted to $ 172,496 in 2015 to net loss amounted to $ 13,866 in 2016.       Financing Activi  ties      Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $ 109,816 and $ 22,678 respectively. The net increase of approximately $87,138 in net cash flows provided by financing activities resulted from the significant surge in increase in related party payable in 2016 when compared to that in 2015.      Subsequent Events      The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the issuance of the consolidated financial statements through November 14, 2016, which is the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued.              ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.       Not applicable.       ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures      The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures as required under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company's Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.     As of September 30, 2016, the Company's management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, its chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2016. The Company does not have a chief financial officer that is familiar with the accounting and reporting requirements of a U.S. publicly-listed company, nor does it have a financial staff with accounting and financial expertise in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("US GAAP") reporting. In addition, the Company does not believe it has sufficient documentation concerning its existing financial processes, risk assessment and internal controls. There are also certain deficiencies in the design or operation of the Company's internal control over financial reporting that has adversely affected its disclosure controls that may be considered to be "material weaknesses."     We plan to designate individuals responsible for identifying reportable developments and to implement procedures designed to remediate the material weakness by focusing additional attention and resources on our internal accounting functions. However, the material weakness will not be considered remediated until the applicable remedial controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively.      Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting      There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.              PART II        OTHER INFORMATION        ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.       ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS       There have been no material changes for the risk factors disclosed in the "Risk Factors" section of our annual report on Company's Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2016 for the period ended December 31, 2015.       ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALE OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.       None.       ITEM 3. DEFAULT UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.       Not applicable.       ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE.       Not applicable.       ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.       None.             ITEM 6. EXHIBITS       The following exhibits are filed herewith:              Exhibit No.        Description                31.1        Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934        31.2        Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934        32.1        Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002        32.2        Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002       101.INS      XBRL Instance Document      101.SCH      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document      101.CAL      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document      101.DEF      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document      101.LAB      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document      101.PRE      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document                SIGNATURES      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.                China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation                   Date: November 14, 2016    By:     /s/ Jingcao Wu              Jingcao Wu             Chief Executive Officer             (Principal Executive Officer)                      By:     /s/ Liping Cui              Liping Cui             Chief Financial Officer             (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)                     

<EX-31.1>
 2
 chyl_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   chyl_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1       CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Jingcao Wu, certify that:             1.    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation;               2    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                 a.    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                   b.    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                   c.    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                   d.    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially  affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and                 5    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                   a.      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                   b.      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.                 Date: November 14,  2016     By:     /s/ Jingcao Wu                Jingcao Wu               Chief Executive Officer               (Principal Executive Officer)            

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 chyl_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   chyl_ex312.htm      EXHIBIT 31.2       CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Liping Cui, certify that:             1    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation;               2    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                 a.      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                   b.      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                   c.       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                   d.      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and                 5    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                   a.      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                   b.      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.                              Date: November 14,  2016     By:     /s/ Liping Cui                Liping Cui               Chief Financial Officer               (Principal Finance and Accounting Officer)            

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 chyl_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   chyl_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Jingcao Wu, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that:                  1.    The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation (the "Company") for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and                      2.    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.                 Date: November 14,  2016      By:     /s/ Jingcao Wu                  Jingcao Wu               Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer)           The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document.      

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 chyl_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   chyl_ex322.htm      EXHIBIT 32.2       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Liping Cui, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that:                  1.    The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of China Senior Living Industry International Holding Corporation (the "Company") for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and                      2.    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.                              Date: November 14,  2016     By:     /s/ Liping Cui                Liping Cui               Chief Financial Officer  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)           The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document.      

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 chyl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 chyl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 chyl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 chyl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 chyl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 chyl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

