<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161201_10-Q_edgar_data_744187_0000930413-16-008894_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2584259</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>77764</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>184196</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>521579</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1056491</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>682293</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>58</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000930413-16-008894.hdr.sgml : 20161201
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161201131046
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000930413-16-008894
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161201
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161201

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REX AMERICAN RESOURCES Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000744187
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				311095548
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09097
		FILM NUMBER:		162027615

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7720 PARAGON ROAD
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45459
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9372763931

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7720 PARAGON ROAD
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45459

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REX STORES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930915

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUDIO VIDEO AFFILIATES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000930413-16-008894.txt : 20161201

10-Q
 1
 c86602_10q.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

Commission File Number 001-09097  

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Delaware   
       31-1095548    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of   
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       incorporation or organization)   
       Identification Number)    

(937) 276-3931  

  (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    
No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    
No     

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See
definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
     Accelerated filer      
 
     Non-accelerated filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes     No     

At the close of business on November
30, 2016 the registrant had 6,582,029 shares of Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, outstanding. 

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX 

Page  

PART I.  
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements  

Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets  
     3  

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations  
     4  

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Equity  
     5  

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  
     6  

Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements  
     7  

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     20  

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     29  

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
     29  

PART II.    
      OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
     30  

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
     30  

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     30  

Item 3.  
      Defaults upon Senior Securities  
     30  

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     30  

Item 5.  
      Other Information  
     30  

Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
     30  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Financial Statements   

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

  Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets  

 Unaudited 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of  these unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements  .  

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

    Consolidated Condensed Statements Of Operations  

 Unaudited 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
consolidated condensed financial statements. 

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

    Consolidated Condensed Statements Of Equity  

  Unaudited  

 (In Thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
consolidated condensed financial statements. 

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

    Consolidated Condensed Statements Of Cash Flows  

  Unaudited  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of  these unaudited
consolidated condensed financial statements. 

REX AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
October 31, 2016  

Note 1.  Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements   

The consolidated condensed financial statements
included in this report have been prepared by the Company, without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and include, in the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary to state fairly the information set
forth therein. Any such adjustments were of a normal recurring nature. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included
in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have
been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations, although the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the
information presented not misleading. Financial information as of January 31, 2016 included in these financial statements has been
derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended January 31, 2016 (fiscal year 2015). It is suggested that these unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements be
read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2016. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative
of the results to be expected for the year. 

Basis of Consolidation   The consolidated
condensed financial statements in this report include the operating results and financial position of REX American Resources Corporation
and its wholly and majority owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. The Company includes
the results of operations of One Earth Energy, LLC ( One Earth ) in its Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations
on a delayed basis of one month. 

Nature of Operations   The Company
operates in one reportable segment, alternative energy, and has equity investments in three ethanol limited liability companies,
two of which are majority ownership interests. 

Note 2.  Accounting Policies   

The interim consolidated condensed financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with the accounting policies described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements
included in the Company s fiscal year 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. While management believes that the procedures followed in
the preparation of interim financial information are reasonable, the accuracy of some estimated amounts is dependent upon facts
that will exist or calculations that will be accomplished at fiscal year-end. Examples of such estimates include accrued liabilities,
such as management bonuses, and the provision for income taxes. Any adjustments pursuant to such estimates during the quarter were
of a normal recurring nature. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes sales from the production
of ethanol, distillers grains and non-food grade corn oil when title transfers to customers, generally upon shipment from the ethanol
plant or upon loading of the rail car used to transport the products. 

Cost of Sales 

Cost of sales includes direct production
costs and certain overhead costs such as depreciation, property taxes and utilities related to producing ethanol and related by-products. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

The Company includes non-production related
costs such as professional fees, selling charges and certain payroll in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Financial Instruments 

Certain of the forward grain purchase and
ethanol, distillers grains and non-food grade corn oil sale contracts are accounted for under the  normal purchases and normal
sales  scope exemption of Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 815,   Derivatives and Hedging  
because these arrangements are for purchases of grain that will be delivered in quantities expected to be used by the Company and
sales of ethanol, distillers grains and non-food grade corn oil quantities expected to be produced by the Company over a reasonable
period of time in the normal course of business. During fiscal year 2015, the Company began to carry a portion of its forward grain
purchase contracts at fair value. 

The Company uses derivative financial instruments
(exchange-traded futures contracts) to manage a portion of the risk associated with changes in commodity prices, primarily related
to corn. The Company monitors and manages this exposure as part of its overall risk management policy. As such, the Company seeks
to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on its operating results. The Company may
take hedging positions in these commodities as one way to mitigate risk. While the Company attempts to link its hedging activities
to purchase and sales activities, there are situations in which these hedging activities can themselves result in losses. The Company
does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The changes in fair value of these
derivative financial instruments are recognized in current period earnings as the Company does not use hedge accounting. 

Income Taxes 

The Company applies an effective tax rate
to interim periods that is consistent with the Company s estimated annual tax rate as adjusted for discrete items impacting
the interim periods. The Company provides for deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis
and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The Company provides for a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available
evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The Company paid income taxes of approximately $5,060,000 and $19,703,000 

during the nine months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The Company received no refunds of income taxes during the nine months ended October 31, 2016. The Company received refunds of
state income taxes of approximately $132,000 during the nine months ended October 31, 2015. 

As of October 31, 2016 and January 31, 2016,
total unrecognized tax benefits were approximately $2,029,000 and $987,000, respectively. Accrued penalties and interest were approximately
$198,000 at October 31, 2016. There were no accrued penalties and interest at January 31, 2016. If the Company were to prevail
on all unrecognized tax benefits recorded, the provision for income taxes would be reduced by approximately $1,319,000. In addition,
the impact of penalties and interest would also benefit the effective tax rate. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized
tax benefits are recorded within income tax expense. On a quarterly basis, the Company accrues for the effects of open uncertain
tax positions and the related potential penalties and interest. 

Inventories  

Inventories are carried at the lower of cost
or market on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory includes direct production costs and certain overhead costs such as depreciation,
property taxes and utilities related to producing ethanol and related by-products. Inventory is permanently written down for instances
when cost exceeds estimated net realizable value; such write-downs are based primarily upon commodity prices as the market value
of inventory is often dependent upon changes in commodity prices. There were no significant permanent write-downs of inventory
at October 31, 2016 and January 31, 2016. Fluctuations in the write-down of inventory generally relate to the levels and composition
of such inventory at a given point in time. The components of inventory are as follows as of the dates presented (amounts in thousands): 

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment is recorded at cost.
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives are 15 to 40 years for buildings and improvements,
and 2 to 20 years for fixtures and equipment. 

In accordance with ASC 360-10   Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets  , the carrying value of long-lived assets is assessed for recoverability by management
when changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable, based on an analysis of undiscounted future
expected cash flows from the use and ultimate disposition of the asset. There were no impairment charges in the first nine months
of fiscal year 2016 and approximately $125,000 of impairment charges in the first nine months of fiscal year 2015, included in
cost of sales in the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Statement of Operations. The impairment charges are related to unfavorable
changes in real estate 

conditions in local markets. Impairment charges result from
the Company s management performing cash flow analysis and represent management s estimate of the excess of net book
value over fair value. 

The Company tests for recoverability
of an asset group by comparing its carrying amount to its estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If the carrying amount of an
asset group exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, the Company recognizes an impairment charge for the amount by
which the asset group s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, if any. The Company generally determines the fair value of
the asset group using a discounted cash flow model based on market participant assumptions (for income producing asset groups)
or by obtaining appraisals based on the market approach and comparable market transactions (for non-income producing asset groups). 

Investments   

The method of accounting applied to long-term
investments, whether consolidated, equity or cost, involves an evaluation of the significant terms of each investment that explicitly
grant or suggest evidence of control or influence over the operations of the investee and also includes the identification of any
variable interests in which the Company is the primary beneficiary. The Company consolidates the results of two majority owned
subsidiaries, One Earth and NuGen. The results of One Earth are included on a delayed basis of one month lag as One Earth has a
fiscal year end of December 31. NuGen has the same fiscal year as the parent, and therefore, there is no lag in reporting the results
of NuGen. The Company accounts for investments in a limited liability company in which it has a less than 20% ownership interest,
using the equity method of accounting when the factors discussed in ASC 323,   Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures  
are met. The excess of the carrying value over the underlying equity in the net assets of equity method investees is allocated
to specific assets and liabilities. Any unallocated excess is treated as goodwill and is recorded as a component of the carrying
value of the equity method investee. Investments in businesses that the Company does not control but for which it has the ability
to exercise significant influence over operating and financial matters are accounted for using the equity method. The Company accounts
for its investment in Big River Resources, LLC ( Big River ) using the equity method of accounting and includes the results
on a delayed basis of one month as Big River has a fiscal year end of December 31. The Company accounted for its investment in
Patriot Holdings, LLC ( Patriot ) (through May 31, 2015   see Note 10 for a discussion of the sale of the Company s
equity interest in Patriot) using the equity method of accounting and included the results on a delayed basis of one month as Patriot
had a fiscal year end of December 31. 

The Company periodically evaluates its investments
for impairment due to declines in market value considered to be other than temporary. Such impairment evaluations include general
economic and company-specific evaluations. If the Company determines that a decline in market value is other than temporary, then
a charge to earnings is recorded in the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations and a new cost basis in the investment
is established. 

Comprehensive Income  

The Company has no components of other comprehensive
income, and therefore, comprehensive income equals net income. 

Accounting Changes and Recently Issued Accounting Standards

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee
share-Based Payment Accounting  . This standard simplifies the accounting treatment for excess tax benefits and deficiencies,
forfeitures, and cash flow considerations related to share-based compensation. This standard is effective for annual and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company has not determined the effect of this standard on its consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01.
  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  . This standard provides guidance
for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. This ASU is effective for annual and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. The Company has not determined the effect of this
standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
  Leases  . This standard requires that virtually all leases will be recognized by lessees on their balance sheet
as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability, including leases currently accounted for as operating leases. The
Company will be required to adopt this standard effective February 1, 2019. The Company has not determined the effect of this standard
on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  . This standard
provides guidance on eight specific cash flow issues. The cash flow issues covered by this ASU are: 1) debt prepayment or debt
extinguishment costs; 2) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are
insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; 3) contingent consideration payments made after a business
combination; 4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; 5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance
policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; 6) distributions received from equity method investees; 7) beneficial interests
in securitization transactions; and 8) separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle for distributions
received from equity method investees in the Statement of Cash Flows. The Company will be required to adopt this standard effective
February 1, 2018. The Company has not determined the effect of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures. 

Note 3.  Leases   

At October 31, 2016, the Company has lease agreements, as lessee,
for rail cars and a natural gas pipeline. All of the leases are accounted for as operating leases. The following table is a summary
of future minimum rentals on such leases (amounts in thousands): 

Note 4.  Fair Value   

The Company applies ASC 820,   Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures  , ( ASC 820 ) which provides a framework for measuring fair value under
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. This accounting standard defines fair value as the exchange
price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 

The Company determines the fair market values
of its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established by ASC 820 which requires an entity to maximize the
use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels
of inputs that may be used to measure fair values which are provided below. The Company carries certain cash equivalents, investments
and derivative instruments at fair value. 

The fair values of derivative assets and
liabilities traded in the over-the-counter market are determined using quantitative models that require the use of multiple market
inputs including interest rates, prices and indices to generate pricing and volatility factors, which are used to value the position.
The predominance of market inputs are actively quoted and can be validated through external sources, including brokers, market
transactions and third-party pricing services. Estimation risk is greater for derivative asset and liability positions that are
either option-based or have longer maturity dates where observable market inputs are less readily available or are unobservable,
in which case interest rate, price or index scenarios are extrapolated in order to determine the fair value. The fair values of
derivative assets and liabilities include adjustments for market liquidity, counterparty credit quality, the Company s own
credit standing and other specific factors, where appropriate. The fair values of property and equipment are determined by using
various models that discount future expected cash flows. 

To ensure the prudent application of estimates
and management judgement in determining the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities, investments and property and equipment,
various processes and controls have been adopted, which include: (i) model validation that requires a review and approval for 

pricing, financial statement fair value determination and risk
quantification; and (ii) periodic review and substantiation of profit and loss reporting for all derivative instruments. Financial
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at October 31, 2016 are summarized below (amounts in thousands): 

Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis at January 31, 2016 are summarized below (amounts in thousands): 

(1) Commodity futures are included in  Prepaid
expenses and other current assets  on the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. 

 (2) The investment in cooperative is included
in  Other assets  on the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. 

 (3) The forward purchase contract liability
is included in  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities  on the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Balance
Sheets. 

The Company determined the fair value of
the investment in cooperative by using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows. Inputs used in the analysis
include the face value of the allocated equity amount, the projected term for repayment based upon a historical trend, and a risk
adjusted discount rate based on the expected compensation participants would demand because of the uncertainty of the future cash
flows. The inherent risk and uncertainty associated with unobservable inputs could have a significant effect on the actual fair
value of the investment. 

There were no assets measured at fair value
on a non-recurring basis at October 31, 2016 or January 31, 2016. 

Note 5.  Property and Equipment   

The components of property and equipment
are as follows for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 

Note 6.  Other Assets   

The components of other assets are as follows for the periods
presented (amounts in thousands): 

Real estate taxes refundable
represent amounts due One Earth associated with refunds of previously paid taxes in connection with a tax increment financing arrangement
with local taxing authorities. Deposits are with utility and other vendors. 

Note 7.  Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities   

The components of accrued expenses and other
current liabilities are as follows for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 

Note 8.  Revolving Lines of Credit   

Effective April 1, 2016, One Earth and NuGen
each entered into $10.0 million revolving loan facilities that mature April 1, 2017. Any borrowings will be secured by the inventory
and accounts receivable of One Earth or NuGen, specific to which entity borrows money under these facilities. These revolving loan
facilities are recourse only to One Earth and NuGen and not to REX American Resources Corporation or any of its other subsidiaries.
Borrowings under these facilities bear interest at the one month LIBOR rate plus 250 basis points. Neither One Earth nor NuGen
had outstanding borrowings on the revolving loans during the nine months ended October
31, 2016. One Earth and NuGen are also subject to certain financial covenants under the revolving loan facilities, including working
capital requirements, should they borrow on the loans. 

Note 9.  Derivative Financial Instruments   

The Company is exposed to various market
risks, including changes in commodity prices (raw materials and finished goods). To manage risks associated with the volatility
of these natural business exposures, the Company enters into commodity agreements and forward purchase (corn) and sale (ethanol,
distillers grains and non-food grade corn oil) contracts. The Company does not purchase or sell derivative financial instruments
for trading or speculative purposes. The Company does not purchase or sell derivative financial instruments for which a lack of
marketplace quotations would require the use of fair value estimation techniques. 

The following table provides information
about the fair values of the Company s derivative financial instruments and the line items on the Consolidated Condensed
Balance Sheets in which the fair values are reflected (in thousands): 

(1) Commodity futures are included in other
prepaid expense and other current assets. These futures contracts are for approximately 0.3 million bushels at October 31, 2016. 

 (2) Forward purchase contracts are included
in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. These contracts are for purchases of approximately 4.5 million and approximately
0.7 million bushels of corn at October 31, 2016 and January 31, 2016, respectively. 

As of October 31, 2016, all of the derivative
financial instruments held by the Company were subject to enforceable master netting arrangements. The Company s accounting
policy is to offset positions amounts owed or owing with the same counterparty. As of October 31, 2016, the gross positions of
the enforceable master netting agreements are not significantly different from the net positions presented in the table above.
Depending on the amount of an unrealized loss on a derivative contract held by the Company, the counterparty may require collateral
to secure the Company s derivative contract position. As of October 31, 2016, the Company was required to maintain collateral
with the counterparty in the amount of approximately $46,000 to secure the Company s derivative liability position. 

See Note 4 which contains fair value information
related to derivative financial instruments. 

Gains of approximately $115,000 and $108,000
for the third quarters of fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively, on the Company s derivative financial instruments were
included in cost of sales on the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations. Gains of approximately $1,740,000 and $184,000
for the first nine months of fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively, on the Company s derivative financial instruments
were included in cost of sales on the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations. 

Note 10.  Investments    

The following table summarizes the equity method
investment at October 31, 2016 and January 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

The following table summarizes income recognized
from equity method investments for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 

Undistributed earnings of the equity method investee
totaled approximately $17.9 million and $18.7 million at October 31, 2016 and January 31, 2016, respectively. During the first
nine months of fiscal years 2016 and 2015, the Company received dividends from equity method investees of approximately $4.0 million
and $7.6 million, respectively. 

Summarized financial information for each of
the Company s equity method investees is presented in the following table for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 

Big River has debt agreements that limit amounts
Big River can pay in the form of dividends or advances to owners. The restricted net assets of Big River at October 31, 2016 and
January 31, 2016 are approximately $298.9 million and $306.3 million, respectively. 

On June 1, 2015, Patriot and a subsidiary of
CHS Inc. ( CHS ) completed a merger that resulted in CHS acquiring 100% of the ownership interest in Patriot. During
fiscal year 2015, the Company received a cash payment of approximately $45.5 million at the closing, representing its proportionate
share of the merger consideration for its 27% ownership interest. The total merger consideration was approximately $196 million
in cash subject to certain adjustments and certain escrow holdbacks. In connection with this transaction, the Company recognized
a gain of approximately $10.4 million during the second quarter of fiscal year 2015. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016,
the Company received proceeds of approximately $2.3 million as partial payment for certain escrow holdbacks and adjustments to
the purchase price. As a result, the Company recognized approximately $0.2 million as gain on sale of investment during the first
quarter of fiscal year 2016. At October 31, 2016, the Company has approximately $2.3 million (recognized as gain in fiscal year
2015) in accounts receivable on the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet related to estimated escrow proceeds that
were recognized as income. The Company expects that a determination of the final payment of escrowed proceeds to be received will
occur by December 1, 2016. 

Note 11 . Income Taxes   

The effective tax rate on consolidated pre-tax
income was 33.3% for the three months ended October 31, 2016, and 14.8% for the three months ended October 31, 2015.  The effective
tax rate on consolidated pre-tax income was 32.9% for the nine months ended October 31, 2016, and 28.1% for the nine months ended
October 31, 2015. The fluctuation in the effective tax rate primarily relates to the release of valuation allowances against capital
loss carryforwards, the domestic production activities deduction, a change in the apportionment of income to certain states, the
expiration of statutes for years with uncertain tax positions and a decrease in state income tax rates. These items reduced the
effective tax rate approximately 17% for the quarter ended October 31, 2015 and approximately 7% for the nine months ended October
31, 2015. The provision for uncertain tax positions increased the effective tax rate approximately 1.9% and 1.4% for the quarter
and nine months ended October 31, 2016, respectively. 

The Company files a U.S. federal income tax return
and income tax returns in various states. In general, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local income tax
examinations by tax authorities for years ended January 31, 2010 and prior. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending 

 amount of unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties,
is as follows (amounts in thousands): 

Note 12.  Commitments and Contingencies   

The Company is involved in various legal actions
arising in the normal course of business. After taking into consideration legal counsels  evaluations of such actions, management
is of the opinion that their outcome will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s Consolidated Condensed Financial
Statements.  

One Earth and NuGen have combined forward purchase
contracts for approximately 7.6 million bushels of corn, the principal raw material for their ethanol plants. They expect to take
delivery of the grain through February 2017. 

One Earth and NuGen have combined sales commitments
for approximately 29.6 million gallons of ethanol, approximately 94,000 tons of distillers grains and approximately 12.3 million
pounds of non-food grade corn oil. They expect to deliver the ethanol, distillers grains and non-food grade corn oil through January
2017. 

Note 13.  Net Sales and Revenue   

The following table summarizes sales for each
product and service group for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 

Note 14.  Related-Party Transactions   

During the third quarters of fiscal year 2016
and 2015, One Earth and NuGen purchased approximately $34.2 million and approximately $38.1 million, respectively, of corn from
minority equity 

investors and board members of those subsidiaries.
Such purchases totaled approximately $114.6 million and approximately $114.4 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

Item 2.   Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

At October 31, 2016, we had equity investments
in three ethanol limited liability companies, two of which we have a majority ownership interest in. The following table is a summary
of ethanol gallons shipped at our plants: 

Our ethanol operations are highly dependent on
commodity prices, especially prices for corn, ethanol, distillers grains, non-food grade corn oil and natural gas. As a result
of price volatility for these commodities, our operating results can fluctuate substantially. The price and availability of corn
is subject to significant fluctuations depending upon a number of factors that affect commodity prices in general, including crop
conditions, weather, federal policy and foreign trade. Because the market price of ethanol is not always directly related to corn
prices (for example, crude and other energy prices can impact ethanol prices), at times ethanol prices may lag movements in corn
prices and, in an environment of higher corn prices or lower ethanol prices, reduce the overall margin structure at the plants.
As a result, at times, we may operate our plants at negative or marginally positive operating margins. 

We expect our ethanol plants to produce approximately
2.8 gallons of denatured ethanol for each bushel of grain processed in the production cycle. We refer to the difference between
the price per gallon of ethanol and the price per bushel of grain (divided by 2.8) as the  crush spread . Should the
crush spread decline, it is possible that our ethanol plants will generate operating results that do not provide adequate cash
flows for sustained periods of time. In such cases, production at the ethanol plants may be reduced or stopped altogether in order
to minimize variable costs at individual plants. 

We attempt to manage the risk related to the
volatility of commodity prices by utilizing forward grain purchase and forward ethanol, distillers grains and corn oil sale contracts
as management deems appropriate. We attempt to match quantities of these sale contracts with an appropriate quantity of grain purchase
contracts over a given period of time when we can obtain an adequate gross margin resulting from the contracts we have executed.
However, the market for future ethanol sales contracts generally lags the 

spot market with respect to ethanol price. Consequently, we generally
execute fixed price contracts for no more than four months into the future at any given time and we may lock in our corn or ethanol
price without having a corresponding locked in ethanol or corn price for short durations of time. As a result of the relatively
short period of time our contracts cover, we generally cannot predict the future movements in the crush spread for more than four
months; thus, we are unable to predict the likelihood or amounts of future income or loss from the operations of our ethanol facilities.
We utilize derivative financial instruments, primarily exchange traded commodity future contracts, in conjunction with certain
of our grain procurement activities. 

Future Energy  

During fiscal year 2013, we entered into a joint
venture with Hytken HPGP, LLC ( Hytken ) to file and defend patents for eSteam technology relating to heavy oil and
oil sands production methods, and to commercially exploit the technology to generate license fees, royalty income and development
opportunities. The patented technology is an enhanced method of heavy oil recovery involving zero emissions downhole steam generation.
We own 60% and Hytken owns 40% of the entity named Future Energy, LLC. 

We have agreed to fund direct patent expenses
relating to patent applications and defense, annual annuity fees and maintenance on a country by country basis, with the right
to terminate funding and transfer related patent rights to Hytken. We may also fund, through loans, all costs relating to new intellectual
property, consultants, and future research and development, pilot field tests and equipment purchases for commercialization stage
of the patents. We have paid approximately $1,724,000 cumulatively, including $113,000 in fiscal year 2016 for our ownership interest,
patent and other expenses. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

During the three months ended October 31, 2016,
we did not change any of our critical accounting policies as disclosed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2016. All other accounting policies used in preparing our interim fiscal year 2016
Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements are the same as those described in our Form 10-K. 

Fiscal Year  

All references in this report to a particular
fiscal year are to REX s fiscal year ended January 31. For example,  fiscal year 2016  means the period February 1, 2016
to January 31, 2017. 

Results of Operations  

Comparison of Three and Nine Months Ended October 31,
2016 and 2015  

The following table summarizes selected data
from our consolidated operations for the periods presented: 

Net sales and revenue in the quarter ended October
31, 2016 were approximately $116.3 million compared to approximately $110.6 million in the prior year s third quarter, representing
an increase of approximately $5.7 million. Net sales and revenue in the first nine months of fiscal year 2016 were approximately
$332.2 million compared to approximately $329.3 million in the in the first nine months of fiscal year 2015, representing an increase
of approximately $2.9 million. 

The following table summarizes sales of our consolidated
operations for each major product and service group for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 

Ethanol sales increased from approximately $82.8
million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 to approximately $90.7 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, primarily
a result of an increase of 5.5 million gallons sold. Dried distillers grains sales decreased from approximately $22.5 million in
the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 to approximately $19.6 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, primarily a result
of a $24.30 decline in the price per ton sold. The decline in selling price was partially offset by a 4% increase in tons sold.
Management believes the decline in the selling price results primarily from the ongoing uncertainty of Chinese imports of domestic
dried distillers grains as the China Ministry of Commerce had announced an anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigation in
January 2016 and has imposed an anti-dumping tariff and a countervailing duty on U.S. dried distillers grains exports to China
that total approximately 45%. Non-food grade corn oil sales increased from approximately $4.0 million in the third quarter of fiscal
year 2015 to approximately $5.1 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, primarily a result of a 14% increase in pounds
sold. Modified distillers grains sales decreased from approximately $1.1 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 to approximately
$0.9 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, primarily a result of a $11.23 decline in the price per ton sold. 

Ethanol sales increased from approximately $248.3
million in the first nine months of fiscal year 2015 to approximately $259.3 million in the first nine months of fiscal year 2016,
primarily a result of an increase of 11.5 million gallons sold. The volume increase was partially offset by a $0.03 decline in
the price per gallon sold. Dried distillers grains sales decreased from approximately $64.4 million in the first nine months of
fiscal year 2015 to approximately $55.6 million in the first nine months of fiscal year 2016, primarily a result of a $25.42 decline
in the price per ton sold. The decline in selling price was partially offset by a 4% increase in tons sold. Management believes
the decline in the selling price results primarily from the ongoing uncertainty of Chinese imports of domestic dried distillers
grains discussed above. Non-food grade corn oil sales increased from approximately $12.0 million in the first nine months of fiscal
year 2015 to approximately $13.7 million in the first nine months of fiscal year 2016, primarily a result of a 13% increase in
pounds sold. Modified distillers grains sales decreased from approximately $4.1 million in the first nine months of fiscal year
2015 to approximately $3.4 million in the first nine months of fiscal year 2016 primarily a result of a $16.50 decline in the price
per ton sold. 

We expect that sales in future periods will be
based upon the following (One Earth and NuGen only): 

This expectation assumes that One Earth and NuGen
will continue to operate at or near historical production levels, which is dependent upon the crush spread realized. NuGen has
received the EPA pathway approval and has permits to increase its production levels to 150 million gallons annually. One Earth
has received the EPA pathway approval and has permits to increase its production levels to 131 million gallons annually. We are
working on debottlenecking the plants and plan to increase production levels over time dependent on industry conditions and plant
profitability. We may vary the amounts of dried and modified distillers grains production, and resulting sales, based upon market
conditions. 

Gross profit for the third quarter of fiscal
year 2016 was approximately $20.2 million (17.3% of net sales and revenue) which was approximately $5.9 million higher compared
to approximately $14.3 million of gross profit (12.9% of net sales and revenue) for the third quarter of fiscal year 2015. The
crush spread for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 was approximately $0.31 per gallon of ethanol sold compared to the third
quarter of fiscal year 2015 which was approximately $0.19 per gallon of ethanol sold. The decline of approximately $3.0 million
in sales of dried distillers grain compared to the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 negatively affected gross profit. Management
believes this decline results primarily from the continued uncertainty regarding Chinese imports of domestic distillers grains.
Grain accounted for approximately 75% ($72.5 million) of our cost of sales during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 compared
to approximately 77% ($73.6 million) during the third quarter of fiscal year 2015. Natural gas accounted for approximately 6% ($5.3
million) of our cost of sales during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 compared to approximately 5% ($4.9 million) during the
third quarter of fiscal year 2015. 

Gross profit for the first nine months of fiscal
year 2016 was approximately $45.9 million (13.8% of net sales and revenue) which was approximately $4.2 million higher compared
to approximately $41.7 million of gross profit (12.7% of net sales and revenue) for the first nine months of fiscal year 2015.
The crush spread for the first nine months of fiscal year 2016 was approximately $0.20 per gallon of ethanol sold compared to approximately
$0.18 per gallon of ethanol sold during the first nine months of fiscal year 2015. Grain accounted for approximately 77% ($221.3
million) of our cost of sales during the first nine months of fiscal year 2016 compared to approximately 76% ($218.1 million) during
the first nine months of fiscal year 2015. Natural gas accounted for approximately 5% ($14.4 million) of our cost of sales during
the first nine months of fiscal year 2016 compared to approximately 6% ($17.5 million) during the first nine months of fiscal year
2015. Given the inherent volatility in ethanol, distillers grains, non-food grade corn oil, grain and natural gas prices, we cannot
predict the likelihood that the spread between ethanol, distillers grains, non-food grade corn oil and grain prices in future periods
will be consistent compared to historical periods. 

We attempt to match quantities of ethanol, distillers
grains and non-food grade corn oil sale contracts with an appropriate quantity of grain purchase contracts over a given period
of time when we can obtain a satisfactory margin resulting from the crush spread inherent in the contracts we have executed. However,
the market for future ethanol sales contracts generally lags the spot market with respect to ethanol price. Consequently, we generally
execute fixed price sales contracts for no more than four months into the future at any given time and we may lock in our corn
or ethanol price without having a corresponding locked in ethanol or corn price for short durations of time. As a result of the
relatively short period of time our contracts cover, we generally cannot predict the future movements in the crush spread for more
than four months. Based on existing contracts at the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, approximately 2% of our forecasted
ethanol, approximately 14% of our forecasted distillers grains and approximately 17% of our forecasted non-food grade corn oil
production during the next 12 months have been sold under fixed-price contracts. The effect of a 10% adverse change in the price
of ethanol, distillers grains and non-food grade corn oil from the current pricing would result in a decrease in annual revenues
of approximately $45.4 million for the remaining forecasted sales. Similarly, approximately 1% of our estimated corn usage for
the next 12 months was subject to fixed-price contracts. The effect of a 10% adverse change in the price of corn from the current
pricing would result in an increase in annual cost of goods sold of approximately $29.1 million for the remaining forecasted grain
purchases. Approximately 3% of our estimated natural gas usage for the next 12 months was subject to fixed-price contracts. The
effect of a 10% adverse change in the price of natural gas from the current pricing would 

result in an increase in annual cost of goods sold of approximately
$2.0 million for the remaining forecasted natural gas purchases. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses
for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 were approximately $5.1 million, compared to approximately $4.7 million for the third
quarter of fiscal year 2015. The quarterly increase is primarily related to higher incentive compensation which is consistent with
the higher profitability in the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 compared to the third quarter of fiscal year 2015. Selling, general
and administrative expenses for the first nine months of fiscal year 2016 were approximately $14.3 million, compared to approximately
$15.6 million for the first nine months of fiscal year 2015. The year to date decrease is primarily related to lower incentive
compensation which is consistent with the lower profitability in the first nine months of fiscal year 2016 compared to the first
nine months of fiscal year 2015. Lower professional fees in fiscal year 2016 also contributed to the decline in year over year
expenses. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to remain consistent with fiscal year 2015 results in future periods,
with the exception of variability of incentive compensation which is based upon Company profitability. 

During the third quarters of fiscal years 2016
and 2015, we recognized income of approximately $1.8 million and $1.3 million, respectively, from our equity investment. During
the first nine months of fiscal years 2016 and 2015, we recognized income of approximately $3.3 million and $7.9 million, respectively,
from our equity investment. Effective June 1, 2015, a merger between Patriot and CHS occurred in which our ownership interest in
Patriot was sold; thus we ceased recording income from Patriot using the equity method of accounting. Big River has interests in
four ethanol production plants and has an effective ownership of ethanol gallons shipped in the trailing twelve months ended October
31, 2016 of approximately 355 million gallons. Big River s results in fiscal year 2016 have been negatively impacted from
commodity pricing and related hedging activities. Due to the inherent volatility of the crush spread, we cannot predict the likelihood
of future operating results from Big River being similar to historical results. 

During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016,
we received proceeds of approximately $2.3 million as partial payment for certain escrow holdbacks and adjustments to the purchase
price related to the merger between Patriot and CHS. As a result, we recognized approximately $0.2 million as gain on sale of investment
during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. At October 31, 2016, we have approximately $2.3 million in accounts receivable on
the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet related to estimated escrow proceeds that were previously recognized as income.
We expect that a determination of the final payment of escrowed proceeds to be received will occur by December 31, 2016. 

On June 1, 2015, Patriot and a subsidiary of
CHS completed a merger that resulted in CHS acquiring 100% of the ownership interest in Patriot. We received a cash payment of
approximately $45.5 million at the closing, representing our proportionate share of the merger proceeds. The total merger consideration
was approximately $196 million in cash subject to certain adjustments and certain escrow holdbacks. In connection with this transaction,
we recognized a gain of approximately $10.4 million during the second quarter of fiscal year 2015. 

Gain on disposal of property and equipment was
insignificant for both the third quarters and first nine months of fiscal years 2016 and 2015. We expect gain on disposal of property
and equipment to be insignificant for the remainder of fiscal year 2016. 

Interest and other income was insignificant for
both the third quarters and first nine months of fiscal years 2016 and 2015. We expect interest and other income to remain consistent
with fiscal year 2015 levels for the remainder of fiscal year 2016. 

As a result of the foregoing, income before income
taxes was approximately $17.2 million for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 versus approximately $11.1 million for the third
quarter of fiscal year 2015. Income before income taxes was approximately $35.7 million for the first nine months of fiscal year
2016 versus approximately $45.3 million for the first nine months of fiscal year 2015. 

Our effective tax rate was 33.3% and 14.8% for
the third quarters of fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 32.9% and 28.1% for the first nine months of fiscal years 2016
and 2015, respectively. The fluctuation in the effective tax rate primarily relates to the release of valuation allowances against
capital loss carryforwards, the domestic production activities deduction, a change in the apportionment of income to certain states,
the expiration of statutes for years with uncertain tax positions and a decrease in state income tax rates. These items reduced
the effective tax rate approximately 17% for the quarter ended October 31, 2015 and approximately 7% for the nine months ended
October 31, 2015. The provision for uncertain tax positions increased the effective tax rate approximately 1.9% and 1.4% for the
quarter and nine months ended October 31, 2016, respectively. We expect our effective tax rate to approximate 30-35% (gross of
noncontrolling interests) in future periods. 

As a result of the foregoing, net income was
approximately $11.5 million for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 versus approximately $9.4 million for the third quarter of
fiscal year 2015. Net income was approximately $24.0 million for the nine months of fiscal year 2016 versus approximately $32.6
million for the first nine months of fiscal year 2015. 

Income related to noncontrolling interests was
approximately $2.5 million and approximately $2.0 million during the third quarters of fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and was approximately $4.0 million and approximately $4.8 million during the first nine months of fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively.
These amounts represent the owners  (other than us) share of the income or loss of NuGen, One Earth and Future Energy. 

As a result of the foregoing, net income attributable
to REX common shareholders for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 was approximately $8.9 million, an increase of approximately
$1.4 million from approximately $7.5 million for the third quarter of fiscal year 2015. Net income attributable to REX common shareholders
for the first nine months of fiscal year 2016 was approximately $20.0 million, a decrease of approximately $7.8 million from approximately
$27.8 million for the first nine months of fiscal year 2015. The decrease from the year to date fiscal year 2015 period primarily
relates to the sale of Patriot in fiscal year 2015 and the inclusion of five months of income in fiscal year 2015 using the equity
method of accounting for our investment in Patriot. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Net cash provided by operating activities was
approximately $41.4 million for the first nine months of fiscal year 2016, compared to approximately $21.8 million for the first
nine months of fiscal year 2015. For the first nine months of fiscal year 2016, cash was provided by net income of approximately
$24.0 million, adjusted for non-cash items of approximately $9.7 million, which consisted of depreciation and amortization, income
from equity method investments, gain on disposal of real estate and property and equipment, net, gain on sale of investment and
the deferred income tax provision. We received dividends from Big River of approximately $4.0 million during the first nine months
of fiscal year 2016. An increase in the balance of accounts receivable used cash of approximately $1.7 million, which was primarily
a result of the timing of customer shipments and payments. An increase in the balance of inventories used cash of approximately
$2.3 million, which was primarily a result of the timing of receipt of raw materials as we took advantage of purchasing opportunities
that existed during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016. A decrease in the balance of other assets provided cash of approximately
$2.8 million, as prior year overpayments of income taxes were used to reduce estimates of our current year liabilities. An increase
in the balance of accounts payable provided cash of approximately $1.7 million, which was primarily a result of the timing of inventory
receipts and vendor payments. An increase in the balance of other current liabilities provided cash of approximately $3.2 million
which was primarily a result of higher accruals for our income tax provision. 

Net cash provided by operating activities was
approximately $21.8 million for the first nine months of fiscal year 2015. For the first nine months of fiscal year 2015, cash
was provided by net income of approximately $32.6 million, adjusted for non-cash items of approximately ($12.6) million, which
consisted of depreciation, impairment charges and amortization, income from equity method investments, gain on sale of investment
and gain on disposal of real estate and property and equipment and the deferred income tax provision. Dividends received from our
equity method investees were approximately $7.6 million in the first nine months of fiscal year 2015. An increase in the balance
of accounts receivable used cash of approximately $2.3 million, which was primarily a result of the timing of customer shipments
and payments. An increase in the balance of inventories used cash of approximately $5.5 million, which was primarily a result of
the timing of receipt of raw materials. An increase in the balance of accounts payable provided cash of approximately $4.9 million,
which was primarily a result of the timing of inventory receipts and vendor payments. Other liabilities decreased approximately
$2.8 million, which was primarily a result of the payments of accrued payroll and incentive compensation balances. 

At October 31, 2016, working capital was approximately
$183.9 million, compared to approximately $159.7 million at January 31, 2016. The ratio of current assets to current liabilities
was 9.4 to 1 at October 31, 2016 and 9.1 to 1 at January 31, 2016. 

Cash of approximately $7.6 million was used in
investing activities for the first nine months of fiscal year 2016, compared to cash provided of approximately $37.8 million during
the first nine months of fiscal year 2015. During the first nine months of fiscal year 2016, we had capital expenditures of approximately
$11.8 million, primarily related to improvements at the One Earth and NuGen ethanol plants. We expect to spend between $2.0 million
and $3.0 million during the remainder of fiscal year 2016 on various capital projects. During the first nine months of fiscal year
2016, we received approximately $2.3 million as partial payment for certain escrow holdbacks and adjustments to the purchase price
related 

to the sale of our equity investment in Patriot. We received approximately
$1.5 million of proceeds from the sale of three real estate properties during the first nine months of fiscal year 2016. 

Cash of approximately $37.8 million was provided
by investing activities for the first nine months of fiscal year 2015. During the first nine months of fiscal year 2015, we had
capital expenditures of approximately $9.9 million, primarily related to improvements at the One Earth and NuGen ethanol plants.
The sale of our equity investment in Patriot provided cash of approximately $45.5 million during the first nine months of fiscal
year 2015. During the first nine months of fiscal year 2015, we sold three real estate properties that generated approximately
$1.9 million of proceeds. 

Cash used in financing activities totaled approximately
$6.8 million for the first nine months of fiscal year 2016 compared to approximately $60.7 million for the first nine months of
fiscal year 2015. During the first nine months of fiscal year 2016, we used cash of approximately $4.7 million to purchase approximately
95,000 shares of our common stock in open market transactions. During the first nine months of fiscal year 2016, we used cash of
approximately $2.1 million to purchase shares from and pay dividends to noncontrolling members of One Earth and NuGen. We expect
additional such payments of approximately $1.7 million for the remainder of fiscal year 2016. During the first nine months of fiscal
year 2015, we used cash of approximately $60.1 million to purchase approximately 1,045,000 shares of our common stock in open market
transactions. During the first nine months of fiscal year 2015, we used cash of approximately $0.6 million to purchase shares from
noncontrolling members of One Earth. 

We are investigating various uses of our excess
cash. We have a stock buyback program, and given our current authorization level, can repurchase a total of approximately 155,000
shares. We also plan to seek and evaluate other investment opportunities including organic plant expansion, other energy related,
agricultural or other ventures we believe fit our investment criteria. 

Effective April 1, 2016, One Earth and NuGen
each entered into $10.0 million revolving loan facilities that mature April 1, 2017. Any borrowings will be secured by assets of
One Earth or NuGen. These revolving loan facilities are recourse only to One Earth and NuGen and not to REX American Resources
Corporation or any of its other subsidiaries. Borrowings under these facilities bear interest at the one month LIBOR rate plus
250 basis points. Neither One Earth nor NuGen had outstanding borrowings on the revolving loans as of October 31, 2016. One Earth
and NuGen are also subject to certain financial covenants under the revolving loan facilities, including working capital requirements,
should they borrow on the loans. The specific covenant requirements, descriptions and calculated ratios and amounts at October
31, 2016 are as follows: 

Maintain working capital of at least $5 million.    

 At October 31, 2016, working capital at One Earth and NuGen
was approximately $70.4 million and $51.7 million, respectively. 

One Earth and NuGen were in compliance with all
covenants, as applicable, at October 31, 2016. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

This Form 10-Q contains or may contain forward-looking
statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements can be identified by use of forward-looking 

terminology such as  may,   expect,   believe, 
 estimate,   anticipate  or  continue  or the negative thereof or other variations thereon
or comparable terminology. Readers are cautioned that there are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results
to differ materially from those referred to in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include the risk
factors set forth from time to time in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and include among
other things: the impact of legislative changes, the price volatility and availability of corn, distillers grains, ethanol, non-food
grade corn oil, gasoline, natural gas, ethanol plants operating efficiently and according to forecasts and projections, changes
in the national or regional economies, weather and the effects of terrorism or acts of war. The Company does not intend to update
publicly any forward-looking statements except as required by law. Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended January 31, 2016 (File No. 001-09097). 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk   

We are exposed to the impact of market fluctuations
associated with commodity prices as discussed below. 

We manage a portion of our risk with respect
to the volatility of commodity prices inherent in the ethanol industry by using forward purchase and sale contracts. At October
31, 2016, One Earth and NuGen combined have forward purchase contracts for approximately 7.6 million bushels of corn, the principal
raw material for their ethanol plants. One Earth and NuGen expect to take delivery of the corn through February 2017. At October
31, 2016, One Earth and NuGen have combined sales commitments for approximately 29.6 million gallons of ethanol, approximately
94,000 tons of distillers grains and approximately 12.3 million pounds of non-food grade corn oil. One Earth and NuGen expect to
deliver the ethanol, distillers grains and non-food grade corn oil through January 2017. Approximately 2% of our forecasted ethanol
sales during the next 12 months have been sold under fixed-price contracts. As a result, the effect of a 10% adverse move in the
price of ethanol from the current pricing would result in a decrease in annual revenues of approximately $37.4 million. Approximately
14% of our forecasted distillers grains sales during the next 12 months have been sold under fixed-price contracts. As a result,
the effect of a 10% adverse move in the price of distillers grains from the current pricing would result in a decrease in annual
revenues of approximately $6.4 million. Approximately 17% of our forecasted non-food grade corn oil sales during the next 12 months
have been sold under fixed-price contracts. As a result, the effect of a 10% adverse move in the price of non-food grade corn oil
from the current pricing would result in a decrease in annual revenues of approximately $1.7 million. Similarly, approximately
1% of our estimated corn usage for the next 12 months was subject to fixed-price contracts. As a result, the effect of a 10% adverse
move in the price of corn from the current pricing would result in an increase in annual cost of goods sold of approximately $29.1
million. Approximately 3% of our estimated natural gas usage for the next 12 months was subject to fixed-price contracts. As a
result, the effect of a 10% adverse move in the price of natural gas from the current pricing would result in an increase in annual
cost of goods sold of approximately $2.0 million.    

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures   

Our management evaluated, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as of
the end of the period 

covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings   

We are not party to any legal proceedings that
we believe would, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors    

During the quarter ended October 31, 2016, there
have been no material changes to the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2016. 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds   

Dividend Policy  

REX did not pay dividends in the current
or prior years. We currently have no restrictions on the payment of dividends. Our consolidated and unconsolidated ethanol
subsidiaries have certain restrictions on their ability to pay dividends to us. During the first nine months of fiscal year
2016, One Earth and NuGen paid dividends to REX of approximately $5.1 million and $5.8 million, respectively. 

Item 3.  Defaults upon Senior Securities   

None 

Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures   

None 

Item 5.   Other Information   

None 

Item 6.   Exhibits   

The following exhibits are filed with this report: 

101  The following information from REX American Resources Corporation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended October 31, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Condensed
Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Condensed Statements of Equity, (iv) Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
and (v) Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

REX American Resources Corporation 

 Registrant 

Signature  
       
      Title  
       
      Date   

/s/
    Zafar Rizvi 
       
     Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Zafar
    Rizvi) 
       
     (Chief Executive Officer) 
       
     December 1, 2016  

/s/
    Douglas L. Bruggeman 
       
     Vice President, Finance and Treasurer 

(Douglas
    L. Bruggeman) 
       
     (Chief Financial Officer) 
       
     December 1, 2016  

<EX-31>
 2
 c86602_ex31.htm

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Zafar Rizvi, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q of REX American Resources Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: December 1, 2016  

/s/ Zafar Rizvi  

Zafar Rizvi  

Chief Executive Officer and President   

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Douglas L. Bruggeman, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of REX American Resources Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: December 1, 2016  

/s/ Douglas L. Bruggeman  

Douglas L. Bruggeman  

Vice President, Finance, Treasurer and   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 c86602_ex32.htm

Exhibit
32  

REX American Resources Corporation  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED BY SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

The undersigned officers of REX American Resources
Corporation (the  Company ) hereby certify, to their knowledge, that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the period ended October 31, 2016 which this certificate accompanies, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained therein fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained
by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Zafar Rizvi 

 Zafar Rizvi 

  Chief Executive Officer and President  

/s/ Douglas L. Bruggeman 

 Douglas L. Bruggeman 

  Vice President, Finance, Treasurer and  

  Chief Financial Officer  

Date: December 1, 2016 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 rex-20161031.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 rex-20161031.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 rex-20161031_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 rex-20161031_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 rex-20161031_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 rex-20161031_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

