<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1571329_0001144204-16-132452_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2500544</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>186371</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1932205</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>147</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132452.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108164233
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132452
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Capitala Finance Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001571329
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01022
		FILM NUMBER:		161981766

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4201 CONGRESS STREET, SUITE 360
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28209
		BUSINESS PHONE:		704-376-5502

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4201 CONGRESS STREET, SUITE 360
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28209

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132452.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 v452324_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

x      Quarterly
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016  

Transition
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Capitala Finance Corp.  
      Yes    x    
      No         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

Capitala Finance Corp.  
      Yes        
      No         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (check one): 

Capitala Finance Corp.  
      Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  
      x   

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Capitala Finance Corp.  
      Yes       
      No    x    

The number of shares of Capitala Finance
Corp. s common stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding as of November 7, 2016 was 15,850,778. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements  

Capitala Finance Corp.  

Consolidated Statements of Assets and
Liabilities  

  (in thousands, except share and per share
data)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

Capitala Finance Corp.  

Consolidated Statements of Operations  

  (in thousands, except share and per share
data)  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

Capitala Finance Corp.  

Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Net Assets  

  (in thousands, except share data)  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

Capitala Finance Corp.  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  (in thousands)  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

Capitala Finance Corp.  

Consolidated Schedule of Investments  

  (in thousands, except for units/shares)  

  September 30, 2016  

  (unaudited)  

(1) The maturity date of the original investment has been extended. 

 (2) Non-accrual investment. 

 (3) The cash rate equals the approximate current yield on our
last-out portion of the unitranche facility. 

 (4) All debt investments are income producing, unless otherwise
noted. Equity and warrant investments are non-income producing, unless otherwise noted. 

 (5) Percentages are based on net assets of $248,377 as of September
30, 2016. 

 (6) The equity investment is income producing, based on rate
disclosed. 

 (7) The equity investment has an exercisable put option. 

 (8) Indicates assets that the Company believes do not
represent  qualifying assets  under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Qualifying assets must represent at least 70% of the Company's total assets at the time of acquisition of any
additional non-qualifying assets. As of September 30, 2016, 8.2% of the Company's total assets were non-qualifying
assets. 

 (9) Interest rate was amended to zero. The Company is entitled
to receive earn-out payments of up to $2.4 million in satisfaction of the debt. 

 (10) In addition to the stated rate, the investment is paying
3% default interest. 

 (11) The Company has written a call option that enables
CapitalSouth Partners Florida Sidecar Fund II, L.P. to purchase up to 31.25% of the Company's interest at a strike price of
$1.5 million. As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of the written call option is approximately $0.9 million. See Note 4
to the consolidated financial statements for further detail on the written call option transaction. 

 (12) The investment has been exited. The residual value reflects
estimated escrow to be settled post-closing. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Capitala Finance Corp.  

Consolidated Schedule of Investments  

  (in thousands, except for units/shares)  

  December 31, 2015  

(1) The maturity date of the original investment has been extended. 

 (2) Non-accrual investment. 

 (3) The cash rate equals the approximate current yield on our
last-out portion of the unitranche facility. 

 (4) All debt investments are income producing, unless otherwise
noted. Equity and warrant investments are non-income producing, unless otherwise noted. 

 (5) Percentages are based on net assets of $268,802 as of December
31, 2015. 

 (6) The equity investment is income producing, based on rate
disclosed. 

 (7) The equity investment has an exercisable put option. 

 (8) Indicates assets that the Company believes do not represent
 qualifying assets  under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Qualifying assets must represent
at least 70% of the Company's total assets at the time of acquisition of any additional non-qualifying assets. As of December 31,
2015, 7.3% of the Company's total assets were non-qualifying assets. 

 (9) The investment has a $0.6 million unfunded commitment. 

 (10) The investment has a $1.0 million unfunded commitment. 

 (11) The investment has a $2.8 million unfunded commitment. 

 (12) Interest rate amended to 15% PIK through February 15, 2016. 

 (13) Interest rate amended to 15% through June 30, 2016 

 (14) Interest rate was amended to zero. The Company is entitled
to receive earn-out payments of up to $2.4 million in satisfaction of the debt. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

CAPITALA FINANCE CORP.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

September 30, 2016  

(unaudited)  

Note 1. Organization  

Capitala Finance Corp. (the  Company ,
 we ,  us , and  our ) is an externally managed non-diversified closed-end management investment
company incorporated in Maryland that has elected to be regulated as a business development company ( BDC ) under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ). The Company is an  emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ), and as such, is subject to
reduced public company reporting requirements. The Company commenced operations on May 24, 2013 and completed its initial
public offering ( IPO ) on September 30, 2013. The Company is managed by Capitala Investment Advisors, LLC (the
 Investment Advisor ), an investment adviser that is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers
Act of 1940, as amended (the  Advisers Act ), and Capitala Advisors Corp. (the  Administrator ) provides
the administrative services necessary for the Company to operate. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company has elected
to be treated, and intends to comply with the requirements to continue to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company ( RIC ),
under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ). 

The Company was formed for the purpose of:
(i) acquiring, through a series of transactions, an investment portfolio from the following entities: CapitalSouth Partners
Fund I Limited Partnership ( Fund I ); CapitalSouth Partners Fund II Limited Partnership ( Fund II ); CapitalSouth
Partners Fund III, L.P. ( Fund III Parent ); CapitalSouth Partners SBIC Fund III, L.P. ( Fund III ) and
CapitalSouth Partners Florida Sidecar Fund I, L.P. ( Florida Sidecar  and, collectively with Fund I, Fund II, Fund
III and Fund III Parent, the  Legacy Funds ); (ii) raising capital in the IPO; and (iii) continuing and expanding
the business of the Legacy Funds by making additional debt and equity investments in lower middle-market and middle-market companies. 

The Company s investment objective
is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. Both directly and through our
subsidiaries that are licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration ( SBA ) under the Small Business Investment
Company ( SBIC ) Act, the Company offers customized financing to business owners, management teams and financial sponsors
for change of ownership transactions, recapitalizations, strategic acquisitions, business expansion and other growth initiatives.
The Company invests primarily in traditional mezzanine, senior subordinated and unitranche debt, as well as senior and second-lien
loans and, to a lesser extent, equity securities issued by lower middle-market and middle-market companies. 

On September 24, 2013, the Company
acquired 100% of the limited partnership interests in Fund II, Fund III and Florida Sidecar and each of their respective general
partners, as well as certain assets from Fund I and Fund III Parent, in exchange for an aggregate of 8,974,420 shares of the Company s
common stock (the  Formation Transactions ). Fund II, Fund III and Florida Sidecar became the Company s wholly-owned
subsidiaries. Fund II and Fund III retained their SBIC licenses, continued to hold their existing investments and continue to make
new investments. The IPO consisted of the sale of 4,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of $20.00 per
share resulting in net proceeds to the Company of $74.25 million, after deducting underwriting fees and commissions totaling $4.0
million and offering expenses totaling $1.75 million. The other costs of the IPO were borne by the limited partners of the Legacy
Funds. 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in conformity with United States generally accepted
accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and pursuant to the requirements for reporting
on Form 10-Q and Article 6 and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, certain disclosures accompanying the annual consolidated
financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been omitted. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting
solely of normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of financial statements for the interim periods, have
been reflected in the unaudited consolidated financial statements. The current period s results of operations are not necessarily
indicative of results that ultimately may be achieved for the year. Additionally, the unaudited consolidated financial statements
and notes should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) on March 8, 2016. 

The Company s financial statements
as of September 30, 2016 are presented on a consolidated basis. The effects of all intercompany transactions between the Company
and its consolidated subsidiaries (Fund II, Fund III, and the Florida Sidecar) have been eliminated in consolidation. All financial
data and information included in these consolidated financial statements have been presented on the basis described above. In the
opinion of management, the consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments that are necessary for the fair presentation
of financial results as of and for the periods presented. 

The Company is considered an investment
company as defined in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 946    Financial Services   Investment
Companies  ( ASC Topic 946 ). Accordingly, the required disclosures as outlined in the ASC Topic 946 are included
in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements  

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported
in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates under different
assumptions and conditions. The most significant estimates in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are investment
valuation, revenue recognition, and income taxes. 

Consolidation  

As provided under Regulation S-X and ASC
Topic 946, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a substantially wholly owned investment
company subsidiary or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. Accordingly,
the Company consolidated the results of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries in its consolidated financial statements.
The Company does not consolidate its interests in Capitala Senior Liquid Loan Fund I, LLC ( CSLLF ) because the investment
is not considered a substantially wholly owned investment company subsidiary. Further, CSLLF is a joint venture for which shared
power exists relating to the decisions that most significantly impact the economic performance of the entity. See Note 4 for a
description of the Company s investment in CSLLF. 

Segments  

In accordance with ASC Topic 280  
 Segment Reporting  ( ASC Topic 280 ), the Company has determined that it has a single reporting segment and operating
unit structure. While the Company invests in several industries and geographic locations, all investments share similar business
and economic risks. As such, all investment activities have been aggregated into a single segment. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers cash equivalents to
be highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase. The Company deposits its
cash in financial institutions and, at times, such balances may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC )
insurance limits. 

Investment Classification  

In accordance with the provisions of the
1940 Act, the Company classifies its investments by level of control. As defined in the 1940 Act,  Control Investments 
are investments in those companies that the Company is deemed to  Control.   Affiliate Investments  are
investments in those companies that are  Affiliated Companies  of the Company, as defined in the 1940 Act, other than
Control Investments.  Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments  are investments that are neither Control Investments nor
Affiliate Investments. Generally under the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to control a company in which it has invested if the
Company owns more than 25% of the voting securities of such company and/or has greater than 50% representation on its board or
has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. The Company is deemed to be an affiliate
of a company in which the Company has invested if it owns between 5% and 25% of the voting securities of such company. 

Valuation of Investments  

The Company applies fair value accounting
to all of its financial instruments in accordance with the 1940 Act and ASC Topic 820 -  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures 
( ASC 820 ). ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework used to measure fair value and requires disclosures
for fair value measurements. In accordance with ASC 820, the Company has categorized its financial instruments carried at fair
value, based on the priority of the valuation technique, into a three-level fair value hierarchy as discussed in Note 4. 

In determining fair value, the Company s
board of directors (the  Board ) uses various valuation approaches, and engages a third-party valuation firm, which
provides an independent valuation of certain investments. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, a fair value hierarchy for inputs is used
in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that
the most observable inputs be used when available. 

Observable inputs are those that market
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Board. Unobservable
inputs reflect the Board s assumptions about the inputs market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed
based upon the best information available in the circumstances. 

The availability of valuation techniques
and observable inputs can vary from security to security and is affected by a wide variety of factors including the type of security,
whether the security is new and not yet established in the marketplace, and other characteristics particular to the transaction.
To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination
of fair value requires more judgment. Those estimated values do not necessarily represent the amounts that may be ultimately realized
due to the occurrence of future circumstances that cannot be reasonably determined. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation,
those estimated values may be materially higher or lower than the values that would have been used had a market for the securities
existed. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Board in determining fair value is greatest for securities categorized
in Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy.
In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety
falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Fair value is a market-based measure considered
from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions are
not readily available, the Company s own assumptions are set to reflect those that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability at the measurement date. The Company uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date,
including periods of market dislocation. In periods of market dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced
for many securities. This condition could cause a security to be reclassified to a lower level within the fair value hierarchy. 

In estimating the fair value of portfolio
investments, the Company starts with the cost basis of the investment, which includes original issue discount or premium and payment-in-kind
( PIK ) income, if any. The transaction price is typically the best estimate of fair value at inception. When evidence
supports a subsequent change to the carrying value from the original transaction price, adjustments are made to reflect the expected
fair values. 

As a practical expedient, the Company uses
net asset value ( NAV ) as the basis for the fair value of its investment in CSLLF. CSLLF records its underlying investments
at fair value on a daily basis utilizing pricing information from third-party sources. Management may perform model-based analytical
valuations in instances where an investment is considered illiquid or for which pricing is not available from third-party sources. 

The following valuation methodologies are
utilized by the Company in estimating fair value and are summarized as follows: 

Enterprise Value Waterfall Approach  

The enterprise value waterfall approach
determines an enterprise value based on earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) multiples
of publicly traded companies that are considered similar to the subject portfolio company. The Company considers a variety of items
in determining a reasonable pricing multiple, including, but not limited to, operating results, budgeted projections, growth, size,
risk, profitability, leverage, management depth, diversification, market position, supplier or customer dependence, asset utilization,
liquidity metrics, and access to capital markets. EBITDA of the portfolio company is adjusted for non-recurring items in order
to reflect a normalized level of earnings that is representative of future earnings. In certain instances, the Company may also
utilize revenue multiples to determine enterprise value. When available, the Company may assign a pricing multiple or value its
equity investments based on the value of recent investment transactions in the subject portfolio company or offers to purchase
the portfolio company. The enterprise value is adjusted for financial instruments with seniority to the Company s ownership
and for the effect of any instrument which may dilute the Company s investment in the portfolio company. The adjusted enterprise
value is then apportioned based on the seniority and privileges of the Company s investments within the portfolio company. 

The enterprise value waterfall approach
is primarily utilized to value the Company s equity securities, including warrants. However, the Company may utilize the
enterprise value waterfall approach to value certain debt securities. 

Income Approach  

The income approach utilizes a discounted
cash flow methodology in which the Company estimates fair value based on the present value of expected cash flows discounted at
a market rate of interest. The determination of a discount rate, or required rate of return, takes into account the portfolio company s
fundamentals and perceived credit risk.  Because the majority of the Company s portfolio companies do not have a public
credit rating, determining a discount rate often involves assigning an implied credit rating based on the portfolio company s
operating metrics compared to average metrics of similar publicly rated debt. Operating metrics include, but are not limited to,
EBITDA interest coverage, leverage ratio, return on capital, and debt to equity ratios. The implied credit rating is used to assign
a base discount rate range based on publicly available yields on similarly rated debt securities. The Company may apply a premium
to the discount rate utilized in determining fair value when performance metrics and other qualitative information indicate that
there is an additional level of uncertainty about collectability of cash flows. 

Asset Approach  

The asset approach values an investment
based on the value of the underlying collateral securing the investment. This approach is used when the Company has reason to believe
that it will not collect all principal and interest in accordance with the contractual terms of the debt agreement. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company s revenue recognition
policies are as follows: 

Interest income and paid-in-kind interest
income:  Interest income is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. The
Company has loans in the portfolio that contain a PIK provision. The PIK interest, which represents contractually deferred interest
added to the loan balance that is generally due at maturity, is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are
expected to be collected. PIK interest is not accrued if the Company does not expect the issuer to be able to pay all principal
and interest when due. 

Non-accrual investments:  Generally,
when interest and/or principal payments on a loan become 90 days or more past due, or if the Company otherwise does not expect
the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, the Company will place the loan on non-accrual status, and will
generally cease recognizing interest income and PIK interest on that loan for financial reporting purposes. Interest payments received
on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. The Company
writes off any previously accrued and uncollected interest when it is determined that interest is no longer considered collectible.
The Company may elect to cease accruing PIK and continue accruing interest income in cases where a loan is currently paying its
interest income but, in management s judgment, there is a reasonable likelihood of principal loss on the loan. Non-accrual
loans are returned to accrual status when the borrower s financial condition improves such that management believes current
interest and principal payments are expected to be collected. 

Gains and losses on investment sales
and paydowns:  Realized gains and losses on investments are recognized using the specific identification method. 

Dividend income and paid-in-kind dividends: 
Dividend income is recognized on the date dividends are declared. Dividend income may be reversed in the event that a previously
declared dividend is no longer expected to be paid by the portfolio company. The Company holds preferred equity investments in
the portfolio that contain a payment-in-kind dividend ( PIK dividends ) provision. PIK dividends, which represent contractually
deferred dividends added to the equity balance, are recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected
to be collected. The Company will typically cease accrual of PIK dividends when the fair value of the equity investment is less
than the cost basis of the investment or when it is otherwise determined by management that PIK dividends are unlikely to be collected.
If management determines that a decline in fair value is temporary in nature and the PIK dividends are more likely than not to
be collected, management may elect to continue accruing PIK dividends. 

Original issue discount/premiums: 
Discounts/premiums received to par on loans purchased are capitalized and accreted or amortized into income over the life of the
loan. Any remaining discount/premium is accreted or amortized into income upon prepayment of the loan. 

Other income:  Origination fees (to
the extent services are performed to earn such income), amendment fees, consent fees, and other fees associated with investments
in portfolio companies are recognized as income when the investment transaction closes. Prepayment penalties received by the Company
for debt instruments repaid prior to maturity date are recorded as income upon receipt. 

General and Administrative Expenses  

General and administrative expenses are
accrued as incurred. The Company s administrative expenses include personnel and overhead expenses allocable to the Company
paid by and reimbursed to the Administrator under an administration agreement between the Company and the Administrator (the  Administration
Agreement ). Other operating expenses such as legal and audit fees, director fees, and director and officer insurance are
generally paid directly by the Company. 

Deferred Financing Fees  

Costs incurred to issue the Company s
debt obligations are capitalized and are amortized over the term of the debt agreements under the effective interest method. 

Commitments and Contingencies  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had outstanding unfunded commitments related to debt investments in existing portfolio companies of $0.0 million
and $4.4 million, respectively. 

In the ordinary course of its business,
the Company may enter into contracts or agreements that contain indemnifications or warranties. Future events could occur that
can lead to the execution of these provisions against the Company. Based on its history and experience, management believes that
the likelihood of such an event is remote. 

In the ordinary course of business, the
Company may directly or indirectly be a defendant or plaintiff in legal actions with respect to bankruptcy, insolvency or other
types of proceedings. Such lawsuits may involve claims that could adversely affect the value of certain financial instruments owned
by the Company or result in direct losses to the Company. In management s opinion, no direct losses with respect to litigation
contingencies were probable as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Management is of the opinion that the ultimate resolution
of such claims will not materially affect the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
Furthermore, in management s opinion, it is not possible to estimate a range of reasonably possible losses with respect to
other litigation contingencies. 

Income Taxes  

The Company has elected to be treated for
U.S. federal income tax purposes, and intends to comply with the requirements to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter M
of the Code and, among other things, intends to make the requisite distributions to its stockholders which will relieve the Company
from U.S. federal income taxes. Therefore, no provision has been recorded for U.S. federal income taxes. 

In order to qualify as a RIC, among other
requirements, the Company is required to timely distribute to its stockholders at least 90.0% of its investment company taxable
income, as defined by the Code, for each fiscal tax year. The Company will be subject to a nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax
of 4.0% on undistributed income if it does not distribute at least 98.0% of its ordinary income in any calendar year and 98.2%
of its capital gain net income for each one-year period ending on October 31. 

Depending on the level of taxable income
earned in an excise tax year, the Company may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year dividend distributions
into the next excise tax year and pay a 4.0% excise tax on such income, as required. To the extent that the Company determines
that its estimated current year annual taxable income will be in excess of estimated current year dividend distributions for excise
tax purposes, the Company accrues excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned. Since the
Company s IPO, the Company has not accrued or paid excise tax. 

In accordance with certain applicable U.S.
Treasury regulations and private letter rulings issued by the Internal Revenue Service, a RIC may treat a distribution of its own
stock as fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive his or her entire distribution in
either cash or stock of the RIC, subject to a limitation on the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders,
which limitation must be at least 20.0% of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash,
each stockholder electing to receive cash will receive a pro rata amount of cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in
stock). In no event will any stockholder, electing to receive cash, receive less than 20.0% of his or her entire distribution in
cash. If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in
stock will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of stock. For income tax purposes, the Company
has paid distributions on its common stock from ordinary income in the amount of $25.1 million during the tax year ended August
31, 2015. 

ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes  ( ASC
740 ), provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented and disclosed in the financial
statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company s
tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are  more-likely-than-not  to be sustained by the applicable tax
authority. Tax positions deemed to meet a  more-likely-than-not  threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense
in the current period. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax
expense in the consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no uncertain
tax positions. 

The Company is required to determine whether
a tax position of the Company is more likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including
resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit to be
recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate
settlement. De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized could result in the Company recording a tax liability that could
negatively impact the Company s net assets. 

U.S. GAAP provides guidance on thresholds,
measurement, de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition
that is intended to provide better financial statement comparability among different entities. 

The Company s activities since commencement
of operations remain subject to examination by U.S. federal, state, and local tax authorities. No interest expense or penalties
have been assessed for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. If the Company were required
to recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits this would be recognized as income tax expense
in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Dividends  

Dividends to common stockholders are recorded
as payable on the declaration date. The amount to be paid out as a dividend is determined by the Board. Net capital gains, if any,
are generally distributed at least annually, although we may decide to retain such capital gains for reinvestment. 

The Company has adopted an  opt out 
dividend reinvestment plan ( DRIP ) for common stockholders. As a result, if the Company declares a cash dividend or
other distribution, each stockholder that has not  opted out  of the DRIP will have its dividends automatically reinvested
in additional shares of the Company s common stock rather than receiving cash dividends. Stockholders who receive distributions
in the form of shares of common stock will be subject to the same federal, state and local tax consequences as if they received
cash distributions. 

Company Investment Risk, Concentration of Credit Risk, and
Liquidity Risk  

The Investment Advisor has broad discretion
in making investments for the Company. Investments will generally consist of debt and equity instruments that may be affected by
business, financial market or legal uncertainties. Prices of investments may be volatile, and a variety of factors that are inherently
difficult to predict, such as domestic or international economic and political developments, may significantly affect the results
of the Company s activities and the value of its investments. In addition, the value of the Company s portfolio may
fluctuate as the general level of interest rates fluctuate. 

The value of the Company s investments
may be detrimentally affected to the extent, among other things, that a borrower defaults on its obligations, there is insufficient
collateral and/or there are extensive legal and other costs incurred in collecting on a defaulted loan, observable secondary or
primary market yields for similar instruments issued by comparable companies increase materially or risk premiums required in the
market between smaller companies, such as our borrowers, and those for which market yields are observable increase materially. 

The Investment Advisor may attempt to minimize
this risk by maintaining low debt-to-liquidation values with each debt investment and the collateral underlying the debt investment. 

The Company s assets may, at any time,
include securities and other financial instruments or obligations that are illiquid or thinly traded, making purchase or sale of
such securities and financial instruments at desired prices or in desired quantities difficult. Furthermore, the sale of any such
investments may be possible only at substantial discounts, and it may be extremely difficult to value any such investments accurately. 

Note 3. Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In April 2015, Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation of Interest
(Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs ( ASU 2015-03 ) . ASU 2015-03 requires that
debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities
as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement
guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this ASU. ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years that
begin after December 15, 2015. Management elected to early adopt this standard as of October 1, 2015 and the required disclosures
are presented in the consolidated financial statements. The adoption of the provisions of ASU 2015-03 did not materially impact
the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

In May 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-07,
 Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820)   Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset
Value per Share.  ASU 2015-07 permits a reporting entity, as a practical expedient, to measure the fair value of certain investments
using the net asset value per share of the investment and provides guidance on required disclosures for such investments. The standard
is effective for interim and annual reporting periods in fiscal years that begin after December 15, 2015. The adoption of the provisions
of ASU 2015-07 did not materially impact the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

In January 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
 Financial Instruments   Overall  (Subtopic 825-10):  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-01 ). ASU 2016-01 retains many current requirements for the classification and measurement
of financial instruments; however, it significantly revises an entity s accounting related to (1) the classification and
measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities
measured at fair value. ASU 2016-01 also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments.
This guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted
for public business entities. Management is currently evaluating the impact these changes will have on the Company s consolidated
financial position or results of operations. 

Note 4. Investments and Fair Value Measurements  

The Company s investment objective
is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. Both directly and through our
subsidiaries that are licensed by the SBA under the SBIC Act, we offer customized financing to business owners, management teams
and financial sponsors for change of ownership transactions, recapitalizations, strategic acquisitions, business expansion and
other growth initiatives. We invest primarily in traditional mezzanine, senior subordinated and unitranche debt, as well as senior
and second-lien loans and, to a lesser extent, equity securities issued by lower middle-market and middle-market companies. As
of September 30, 2016, our portfolio consisted of investments in 51 portfolio companies with a fair value of approximately $503.8
million. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, the Company made approximately $26.0 million of investments and had approximately $111.9 million in repayments and sales
of investments resulting in net repayments/sales of approximately $85.9 million for the period. During the three months ended September
30, 2015, the Company made approximately $55.6 million of investments and had approximately $34.7 million in repayments and sales
of investments resulting in net investments of approximately $20.9 million for the period. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company made approximately $53.9 million of investments and had approximately $128.6 million in repayments and sales
of investments resulting in net repayments/sales of approximately $74.7 million for the period. During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, the Company made approximately $225.6 million of investments and had approximately $126.6 million in repayments and sales
of investments resulting in net investments of approximately $99.0 million for the period. 

On August 31, 2016, the Company sold a
portion of 14 securities across 10 portfolio companies to CapitalSouth Partners Florida Sidecar Fund II, L.P. ( FSC
II ), including granting an option to acquire the Company s equity investment in Eastport Holdings, LLC (the
 Written Call Option ), in exchange for 100% of the partnership interests in FSC II. Concurrent with the sale of these assets to FSC II, the Company received cash consideration of $47.6 million
from an affiliated third-party purchaser in exchange for 100% of the partnership interests of FSC II. These assets were sold to
FSC II at their June 30, 2016 fair market values, resulting in a net realized gain of $0.1 million. The proceeds from the redemption
of partnership interests in FSC II are included in gross repayments and sales of investments received for the period. The Company s
Board of Directors pre-approved this transaction pursuant to Section 57(f) of the 1940 Act. 

The Written Call Option granted the purchaser
the right to purchase up to 31.25% of the Company s equity investment in Eastport Holdings, LLC. The Written Call Option
has a strike price of $1.5 million and a termination date of August 31, 2018. The fair value of the Written Call Option, which
has been treated as a derivative liability and is recorded in the financial statement line item written call option at fair value
in our consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, was approximately $0.9 million as of September 30, 2016. For purposes
of determining the fair value of the Written Call Option, the Company calculated the difference in the fair value of the underlying
equity investment in Eastport Holdings, LLC and the strike price of the Written Call Option, or intrinsic value. The time value
of the Written Call Option as of September 30, 2016 was determined to be insignificant. The Written Call Option is classified as
a Level 3 financial instrument. The Written Call Option was the only option contract granted by the Company during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, and the Written Call Option remains outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company funded $0.0 million and $2.8 million, respectively, of previously committed capital to existing portfolio
companies. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company funded $26.0 million and $51.1 million, respectively,
of investments in portfolio companies for which it was not previously committed to fund. During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the Company funded $10.8 million and $52.4 million, respectively, of previously committed capital to existing
portfolio companies. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company funded $44.8 million and $173.2 million,
respectively, of investments in portfolio companies for which it was not previously committed to fund. In addition to investing
directly in portfolio companies, the Company may assist portfolio companies in securing financing from other sources by introducing
portfolio companies to sponsors or by leading a syndicate of investors to provide the portfolio companies with financing. During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not lead any syndicates and did not assist any portfolio companies
in obtaining indirect financing. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company assisted one company in
securing financing from other sources as part of a unitranche loan syndication. 

The composition of our investments as of September
30, 2016, at amortized cost and fair value were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

The composition of our investments as of December 31,
2015, at amortized cost and fair value were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

As noted above, the Company values all investments
in accordance with ASC 820. ASC 820 requires enhanced disclosures about assets and liabilities that are measured and reported at
fair value. As defined in ASC 820, fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

ASC 820 establishes a hierarchal disclosure
framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability of inputs used in measuring investments at fair value.
Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of investment and the characteristics specific
to the investment. Investments with readily available active quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively
quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring
fair value. 

Based on the observability of the inputs used
in the valuation techniques, the Company is required to provide disclosures on fair value measurements according to the fair value
hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy ranks the observability of the inputs used to determine fair values. Investments carried at
fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 

Level 1   Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
Company has the ability to access.   

Level 2   Valuations based on inputs other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly
or indirectly observable.   

Level 3   Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement.   

In addition to using the above inputs in investment
valuations, the Company continues to employ the valuation policy approved by the Board that is consistent with ASC 820 (see Note
2). Consistent with the Company s valuation policy, we evaluate the source of inputs, including any markets in which our
investments are trading, in determining fair value. 

In estimating fair value of portfolio investments,
the Company starts with the cost basis of the investment, which includes amortized original issue discount and PIK income, if any.
The transaction price is typically the best estimate of fair value at inception. When evidence supports a subsequent change to
the carrying value from the original transaction price, adjustments are made to reflect the expected fair values. 

The following table presents the fair value
measurements of investments, by major class, as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands), according to the fair value hierarchy: 

(1)  Excludes our $20.4 million investment in CSLLF, measured at NAV.   

The following table presents fair value measurements
of the Written Call Option as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands), according to the fair value hierarchy: 

The following table presents fair value measurements
of investments, by major class, as of December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands), according to the fair value hierarchy: 

(1)  Excludes our $17.9 million investment in CSLLF, measured at NAV.   

The following table provides a reconciliation
of the beginning and ending balances for investments that use Level 3 inputs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
(dollars in thousands): 

(1)  Excludes our $20.4 million investment in CSLLF, measured at NAV.   

The following table provides a reconciliation
of the beginning and ending balances for the Written Call Option that use Level 3 inputs for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

The following table provides a reconciliation
of the beginning and ending balances for investments that use Level 3 inputs for the nine months ended September 30, 2015
(dollars in thousands): 

(1)  Excludes our $19.6 million investment in CSLLF, measured at NAV.   

The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
on investments held as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, was $(1.7) million and $8.7 million, respectively, and is
included in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the consolidated statements of operations. 

The valuation techniques and significant unobservable
inputs used in recurring Level 3 fair value measurements of assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

(1)  $4.6 million in senior notes were valued using the asset approach.   

(2)  Excludes our $20.4 million investment in CSLLF, measured at NAV.   

The valuation techniques and significant unobservable
inputs used in recurring Level 3 fair value measurements of assets as of December 31, 2015 were as follows: 

(1)  $7.5 million in subordinated notes and $5.0 million in senior notes were valued using the asset approach.   

(2)  Excludes our $17.9 million investment in CSLLF, measured at NAV.   

The significant unobservable inputs used in
the valuation of the Company s investments are required rate of return, adjusted EBITDA, EBITDA multiples, revenue, revenue
multiples, and leverage ratios. Changes in any of these unobservable inputs could have a significant impact on the Company s
estimate of fair value. An increase (decrease) in the required rate of return or leverage will result in a lower (higher) estimate
of fair value while an increase (decrease) in adjusted EBITDA, EBITDA multiples, revenue, or revenue multiples will result in a
higher (lower) estimate of fair value. 

Capitala Senior Liquid Loan Fund I, LLC   

On March 24, 2015, the Company and Trinity Universal
Insurance Company ( Trinity ), a subsidiary of Kemper Corporation ( Kemper ), entered into a limited liability
company agreement to co-manage CSLLF. The purpose and design of the joint venture is to invest primarily in broadly syndicated
senior secured loans to middle-market companies, which will be purchased on the secondary market. Capitala and Trinity have committed
to provide $25.0 million of equity to CSLLF, with Capitala providing $20.0 million and Trinity providing $5.0 million, resulting
in an 80%/20% economic ownership between the two parties. The board of directors and investment committee of CSLLF are split 50/50
between Trinity and Capitala, resulting in equal voting power between the two entities. In September 2016, the Company and Trinity
elected to wind-down operations of CSLLF, which is expected to be completed prior to December 31, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, $20.0 million and
$5.0 million in capital had been contributed by Capitala and Trinity, respectively. The Company s investment in CSLLF is
not redeemable. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company received $0.5 million and $0.4
million, respectively, in dividend income from its equity interest in CSLLF. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015, the Company received $1.6 million and $0.4 million, respectively, in dividend income from its equity interest in CSLLF. 

On March 27, 2015, CSLLF entered into a total
return swap ( TRS ) with Bank of America, N.A. ( Bank of America ) that is indexed to a basket of senior
secured loans purchased by CSLLF. CSLLF will obtain the economic benefit of the loans underlying the TRS, including the net interest
spread between the interest income generated by the underlying loans and the interest expense type payment under the TRS, the realized
gain/(loss) on liquidated loans, and the unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on the underlying loans. 

The terms of the TRS are governed by an
ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, the Schedule thereto and Credit Support Annex to such Schedule, and the confirmation exchanged
thereunder, between CSLLF and Bank of America, which collectively establish the TRS, and are collectively referred to herein
as the  TRS Agreement.  Pursuant to the terms of the TRS Agreement, CSLLF may select a portfolio of loans with a
maximum market value (determined at the time each such loan becomes subject to the TRS) of $100.0 million, which is also referred to
as the maximum notional amount of the TRS. Each individual loan, and the portfolio of loans taken as a whole, must meet
criteria described in the TRS Agreement. CSLLF receives from Bank of America a periodic payment on set dates that is based
upon any coupons, both earned and accrued, generated by the loans underlying the TRS, subject to limitations described in the
TRS Agreement as well as any fees associated with the loans included in the portfolio. CSLLF pays to Bank of America interest
at a rate equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus 1.25% per annum; the LIBOR option paid by
CSLLF is determined on an asset by asset basis such that the tenor of the LIBOR option (1 month, 3 month, etc.) matches the
tenor of the underlying reference asset. In addition, upon the termination of any loan subject to the TRS or any repayment of
the underlying reference asset, CSLLF either receives from Bank of America the appreciation in the value of such loan, or
pays to Bank of America any depreciation in the value of such loan. 

CSLLF is required to pay an unused
facility fee of 1.25% on any amount of unused facility under the minimum facility amount of $70.0 million as outlined in the
TRS agreement. Such unused facility fee will not apply during the first 4 months and last 60 days of the term of the TRS.
CSLLF will also pay Bank of America customary fees and expenses in connection with the establishment and maintenance of the
TRS. 

CSLLF is required to initially cash collateralize
a specified percentage of each loan (generally 20% to 35% of the market value of senior secured loans) included under the TRS in
accordance with margin requirements described in the TRS Agreement. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, CSLLF has posted
$20.5 million and $19.1 million, respectively, in collateral to Bank of America in relation to the TRS, which is recorded on CSLLF s
statements of assets and liabilities as cash held as collateral on total return swap. CSLLF may be required to post additional
collateral as a result of a decline in the mark-to-market value of the portfolio of loans subject to the TRS. The cash collateral
represents CSLLF s maximum credit exposure as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

In connection with the TRS, CSLLF has made customary
representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements
for similar transactions governed by an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement. As of September 30, 2016, CSLLF is in compliance with regards
to any covenants or requirements of the TRS. 

CSLLF s receivable due on the TRS represents
realized amounts from payments on underlying loans in the total return swap portfolio. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the receivable due on TRS was $0.9 million and $0.5 million, respectively, and is recorded on CSLLF s statements of assets
and liabilities below. CSLLF does not offset collateral posted in relation to the TRS with any unrealized appreciation or depreciation
outstanding in the statements of assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Transactions in TRS contracts during the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted in $1.4 million and $2.8 million, respectively, in realized gains and $0.8 million
and $2.4 million, respectively, in unrealized appreciation, which is recorded on CSLLF s statements of operations below.
Transactions in TRS contracts during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 resulted in $0.6 million and $0.7 million,
respectively, in realized gains and $(0.7) million and $(0.6) million, respectively, in unrealized depreciation, which is recorded
on CSLLF s statements of operations below. 

CSLLF only held one derivative position as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The derivative held is subject to a netting arrangement. The following table represents
CSLLF s gross and net amounts after offset under Master Agreements of the derivative assets and liabilities presented by
the derivative type, net of the related collateral pledged by the CSLLF as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars
in thousands): 

(1)  Cash was posted for initial margin requirements for the total return swap as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and
is reported on CSLLF s statements of assets and liabilities as cash collateral on total return swap.   

The following represents
the volume of the CSLLF s derivative transactions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

The following represents
the volume of the CSLLF s derivative transactions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

Below is a summary
of CSLLF's portfolio of TRS reference assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

(1)  Based on principal amount outstanding at period end.   

The following is a summary of the TRS reference
assets as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

(1)  Represents the fair value determined in accordance with ASC Topic 820. The determination of fair value is outside the scope
of the Board's valuation process described herein.   

(2)  All interest is payable in cash.   

(3)  All referenced assets are senior secured loans.   

(4)  The interest rate discloses reflects the interest rate as of the last day of the period. The borrower has the election to change
the tenor of LIBOR utilizes at each maturity; as such, the tenor reflected herein may change in future periods.   

The following is a summary of the TRS reference
assets as of December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands):  

(1)  Represents the fair value determined in accordance with ASC Topic 820. The determination of fair value is outside the scope
of the Board's valuation process described herein.   

(2)  All interest is payable in cash.   

(4)  All referenced assets are senior secured loans.   

(5)  The referenced asset has an unfunded commitment of $0.3 million.   

(6)  The interest rate discloses reflects the interest rate as of the last day of the period. The borrower has the election to change
the tenor of LIBOR utilized at each maturity; as such, the tenor reflected herein may change in future periods.   

Below is certain summarized financial information for CSLLF as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (dollars
in thousands): 

Selected Statements of Assets and Liabilities (unaudited):  

Selected Statements of Operations Information (unaudited):  

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

Financial Instruments Disclosed, But Not Carried, At Fair Value  

The following table presents the carrying
value and fair value of the Company s financial liabilities disclosed, but not carried, at fair value as of September 30,
2016, and the level of each financial liability within the fair value hierarchy (dollars in thousands): 

The following table presents the carrying
value and fair value of the Company s financial liabilities disclosed, but not carried, at fair value as of December 31,
2015, and the level of each financial liability within the fair value hierarchy (dollars in thousands): 

The estimated fair value of the Company s
SBA debentures was based on future contractual cash payments discounted at market interest rates to borrow from the SBA as of the
measurement date. 

On June 16, 2014, the Company issued $113.4
million in aggregate principal amount of 7.125% fixed-rate notes due 2021 (the  Notes ). The estimated fair value of
the Notes was based on the closing price as of the measurement date as the Notes are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under
the ticker  CLA.  

The estimated fair value of the Company s
Credit Facility was based on future contractual cash payments discounted at estimated market interest rates for similar debt. 

Note 6. Agreements  

On September 24, 2013, the Company entered
into an investment advisory agreement (the  Investment Advisory Agreement ) with our Investment Advisor, which was
initially approved by the Board on June 10, 2013. Unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms, the Investment Advisory
Agreement will remain in effect if approved annually by the Board or by a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including,
in either case, by a majority of our non-interested directors. The Investment Advisory Agreement was re-approved by the Board,
including by a majority of our non-interested directors, at an in-person meeting, on August 4, 2016. Subject to the overall supervision
of the Board, the Investment Advisor manages our day-to-day operations, and provides investment advisory and management services
to us. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Investment Advisor: 

determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing
such changes;   

identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on our prospective
portfolio companies);   

closes and monitors the investments we make; and   

provides the Company with other investment advisory, research and related services as we may from time to time require.   

The Investment Advisor s services under
the Investment Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its
services to us are not impaired. 

The Investment Advisory Agreement provides
that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard
of its duties and obligations, the Investment Advisor and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons,
members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from the Company, for any damages, liabilities,
costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering
of our Investment Advisor s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as Investment Advisor for the Company. 

Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement,
the Company has agreed to pay the Investment Advisor a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components   a
base management fee and an incentive fee. 

The base management fee is calculated at an
annual rate of 1.75% of the gross assets, which are the total assets reflected on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities
and includes any borrowings for investment purposes. Although the Company does not anticipate making significant investments in
derivative financial instruments, the fair value of any such investments, which will not necessarily equal their notional value,
will be included in the calculation of gross assets. For services rendered under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the base management
fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee was initially calculated based on the value of the gross assets at
the end of the first calendar quarter subsequent to the IPO, and thereafter based on the average value of the gross assets at the
end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during
the current calendar quarter. For the first twelve months following the IPO, the Investment Advisor waived the portion of the base
management fee payable on cash and cash equivalents held at the Company level, excluding cash and cash equivalents held by the
Legacy Funds that were acquired by the Company in connection with the Formation Transactions. 

The incentive fee consists of the following
two parts: 

The first part of the incentive fee is calculated
and payable quarterly in arrears based on the pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter.
For this purpose, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including
any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and
consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating
expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement to our Administrator,
and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive
fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount,
debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive
fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, computed net of all realized capital losses or unrealized
capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our
net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a hurdle of 2.0% per quarter (8.0% annualized).
The net investment income used to calculate this part of the incentive fee is also included in the amount of the gross assets used
to calculate the 1.75% base management fee. The Company pays the Investment Advisor an incentive fee with respect to the pre-incentive
fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 

no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which the pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle of
2.0%;   

100% of the pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income,
if any, that exceeds the hurdle but is less than 2.5% in any calendar quarter (10.0% annualized). The Company refers to this portion
of the pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle but is less than 2.5%) as the  catch-up. 
The  catch-up  is meant to provide the Investment Advisor with 20% of the pre-incentive fee net investment income as
if a hurdle did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 2.5% in any calendar quarter; and   

20% of the amount of the pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.5% in any calendar quarter (10.0%
annualized) is payable to the Investment Advisor (once the hurdle is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 20% of all pre-incentive
fee investment income thereafter is allocated to the Investment Advisor).   

As announced on January 4, 2016, the Investment
Advisor has voluntarily agreed to waive all or such portion of the quarterly incentive fees earned by the Investment Advisor that
would otherwise cause the Company s quarterly net investment income to be less than the distribution payments declared by
the Board. Quarterly incentive fees are earned by the Investment Advisor pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. Incentive
fees subject to the waiver cannot exceed the amount of incentive fees earned during the period, as calculated on a quarterly basis.
The Investment Advisor will not be entitled to recoup any amount of incentive fees that it waives. This waiver was effective for
the fourth quarter of 2015 and will continue for 2016, unless otherwise publicly disclosed by the Company. 

The second part of the incentive fee is determined
and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the
termination date), and will equal 20% of our realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end
of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less
the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees with respect to each of the investments in our portfolio. 

The Company will defer cash payment of the
portion of any incentive fee otherwise earned by the Investment Advisor that would, when taken together with all other incentive
fees paid to the Investment Advisor during the most recent 12 full calendar month period ending on or prior to the date such payment
is to be made, exceed 20% of the sum of (a) the pre-incentive fee net investment income during such period, (b) the net unrealized
appreciation or depreciation during such period and (c) the net realized capital gains or losses during such period. Any deferred
incentive fees will be carried over for payment in subsequent calculation periods to the extent such payment is payable under the
Investment Advisory Agreement. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Company incurred $2.6 million and $2.8 million in base management fees, respectively. The Company incurred $1.8 million
and $1.9 million in incentive fees related to pre-incentive fee net investment income for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Investment Advisor waived incentive fees of $0.3
million. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Investment Advisor did not waive any incentive fees. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Company incurred $8.0 million and $7.8 million in base management fees, respectively. The Company incurred $5.2 million
and $4.5 million in incentive fees related to pre-incentive fee net investment income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Investment Advisor waived incentive fees of $1.7 million.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Investment Advisor did not waive any incentive fees. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had incentive fees payable to the Investment Advisor of $4.7 million and $1.7 million, respectively. 

On September 24, 2013, the Company entered
into the Administration Agreement pursuant to which the Administrator has agreed to furnish the Company with office facilities,
equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities. The Administrator also performs, or oversees the
performance of, the required administrative services, which include, among other things, being responsible for the financial records
that the Company is required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders. In addition, the Administrator assists in determining
and publishing the net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of the tax returns and the printing and dissemination of
reports to the stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of the expenses and the performance of administrative and professional
services rendered to the Company by others. 

Payments under the Administration Agreement
are equal to an amount based upon the allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under
the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and the allocable
portion of the compensation of the chief financial officer, chief compliance officer and their respective administrative support
staff. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator will also provide on the Company s behalf, managerial assistance
to those portfolio companies that request such assistance. Unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms, the Administration
Agreement will remain in effect if approved annually by the Company s Board. On August 4, 2016, the Board approved the renewal
of the Administration Agreement. To the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions, the Company will pay the
fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without any incremental profit to our Administrator. Stockholder approval
is not required to amend the Administration Agreement. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company paid the Administrator $0.3 million and $0.8 million, respectively, for the Company s allocable portion
of the Administrator s overhead. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company paid the Administrator
$0.3 million and $0.8 million, respectively, for the Company s allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead. 

The Administration Agreement provides that,
absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of
its duties and obligations, our Administrator and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members
and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from the Company for any damages, liabilities,
costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering
of our Administrator s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as Administrator for the Company. 

Note 7. Related Party Transactions  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had the following receivables from (payables to) related parties relating to certain capital contributions, management
fees, incentive fees, and reimbursable expenses (dollars in thousands): 

These amounts are reflected in the accompanying
consolidated statements of assets and liabilities under the captions,  Due from related parties ,  Management
and incentive fee payable  and  Due to related parties.  

On August 31, 2016, the Company
sold assets to FSC II in exchange for 100% of the partnership interests in FSC II. Concurrent with the sale of these assets
to FSC II, the Company received cash consideration of $47.6 million from an affiliated third-party purchaser in exchange for
100% of the partnership interests of FSC II. The Company s Board of Directors pre-approved this
transaction pursuant to Section 57(f) of the 1940 Act. Capitala Advisors Corp., the Company s administrator,
also serves as the administrator to FSC II. See Note 4 for a further description of this transaction. 

Note 8. Borrowings  

SBA Debentures   

The Company, through its two wholly-owned
subsidiaries, uses debenture leverage provided through the SBA to fund a portion of its investment portfolio. As of September 30,
2016, the Company has $170.7 million of SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. The Company has issued all SBA-guaranteed debentures
that were permitted under each of the Legacy Funds  respective SBIC licenses (as applicable), and there are no unused SBA
debenture commitments remaining. SBA-guaranteed debentures are secured by a lien on all assets of Fund II and Fund III. As of September
30, 2016, Fund II and Fund III had total assets of approximately $333.4 million. On June 10, 2014, the Company received an exemptive
order from the SEC exempting the Company, Fund II, and Fund III from certain provisions of the 1940 Act (including an exemptive
order granting relief from the asset coverage requirements for certain indebtedness issued by Fund II and Fund III as SBICs) and
from certain reporting requirements mandated by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to Fund II and Fund
III. The Company intends to comply with the conditions of the order. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company recorded $1.7 million and $5.3 million, respectively, in interest expense and annual charges and $0.2 million
and $0.5 million, respectively, of amortization of deferred financing costs related to SBA-guaranteed debentures. For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded $1.9 million and $5.7 million, respectively, in interest expense
and annual charges and $0.2 million and $0.5 million, respectively, of amortization of deferred financing costs on SBA-guaranteed
debentures. The weighted average interest rate for all SBA-guaranteed debentures as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
was 3.29% and 3.45%, respectively. In addition to the stated interest rate, the SBA also charges an annual fee on all SBA-guaranteed
debentures issued, which is included in the Company s interest expense. The weighted average annual fee for all SBA-guaranteed
debentures as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was 0.43% and 0.46%, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company s issued and outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures mature as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Notes   

On June 16, 2014, the Company issued $113.4
million in aggregate principal amount of 7.125% fixed-rate notes due 2021 (the  Notes ). The Notes will mature on June
16, 2021, and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option on or after June
16, 2017 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the outstanding principal, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Interest was payable
quarterly beginning September 16, 2014. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company recorded $2.0 million and $6.1 million, respectively, of interest expense and $0.1 million and $0.4 million,
respectively, of amortization of deferred financing costs related to the Notes. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, the Company recorded $2.0 million and $6.1 million, respectively, of interest expense and $0.1 million and $0.4 million,
respectively, of amortization of deferred financing costs related to the Notes. 

Credit Facility   

On October 17, 2014, the Company entered into
a senior secured revolving credit agreement (the  Credit Facility ) with ING Capital, LLC, as administrative agent,
arranger, and bookrunner, and the lender party thereto. The Credit Facility currently provides for borrowings up to $120.0 million
and may be increased up to $150.0 million pursuant to its  accordion  feature. The Credit Facility matures on October
17, 2018. 

Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear
interest, at the Company s election, at a rate per annum equal to (i) the one, two, three or six month LIBOR as applicable,
plus 3.00% or (ii) 2.00% plus the highest of (A) a prime rate, (B) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.5% and (C) three month LIBOR plus
1.0%. The Company s ability to elect LIBOR indices with various tenors (e.g., one, two, three or six month LIBOR) on which
the interest rates for borrowings under the Credit Facility are based, provides the Company with increased flexibility to manage
interest rate risks as compared to a borrowing arrangement that does not provide for such optionality. Once a particular LIBOR
rate has been selected, the interest rate on the applicable amount borrowed will reset after the applicable tenor period and be
based on the then applicable selected LIBOR rate (e.g., borrowings for which the Company has elected the one month LIBOR rate will
reset on the one month anniversary of the period based on the then selected LIBOR rate). For any given borrowing under the Credit
Facility, the Company intends to elect what it believes to be an appropriate LIBOR rate taking into account the Company s
needs at the time as well as the Company s view of future interest rate movements. The Company will also pay an unused commitment
fee at a rate of 2.50% per annum on the amount (if positive) by which 40% of the aggregate commitments under the Credit Facility
exceeds the outstanding amount of loans under the Credit Facility and 0.50% per annum on any remaining unused portion of the Credit
Facility. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had $38.0 million and $70.0 million, respectively, outstanding under the Credit Facility. For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $0.6 million and $1.8 million, respectively, of interest expense, $0.2 million
and $0.7 million, respectively, of amortization of deferred financing costs, and $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, of
unused commitment fees related to the Credit Facility. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded
$0.3 million and $0.3 million, respectively, of interest expense, $0.2 million and $0.6 million, respectively, of amortization
of deferred financing costs, and $0.1 million and $0.6 million, respectively, of unused commitment fees related to the Credit Facility. 

The Credit Facility is secured by investments
and cash held by Capitala Finance Corp., exclusive of assets held at our two SBIC subsidiaries. Assets pledged to secure the Credit
Facility were $236.6 million at September 30, 2016. As part of the terms of the Credit Facility, the Company may not make cash
distributions with respect to any taxable year that exceed 110% (125% if the Company is not in default and our covered debt does
not exceed 85% of the borrowing base) of the amounts required to be distributed to maintain eligibility as a RIC and to reduce
our tax liability to zero for taxes imposed on our investment company taxable income and net capital gains. 

Note 9. Directors Fees  

Our independent directors receive an annual
fee of $50,000. They also receive $5,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending
each board meeting, and also receive $5,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
attending each committee meeting. In addition, the chairman of the audit committee receives an annual fee of $10,000 and each chairman
of any other committee receives an annual fee of $5,000 for their additional services, if any, in these capacities. For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized directors fee expense of $0.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized director fee expense of $0.1 million and $0.3 million,
respectively. No compensation is expected to be paid to directors who are  interested persons  of the Company, as such
term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 

Note 10. Summarized Financial Information
of Our Unconsolidated Subsidiaries  

The Company holds a control interest, as defined
by the 1940 Act, in six portfolio companies that are considered significant subsidiaries under the guidance in Regulation S-X,
but are not consolidated in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Below is a brief description of each portfolio
company, along with summarized financial information as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

Print Direction, Inc.   

Print Direction, Inc., incorporated in Georgia
on May 11, 2006, is a professional printing services firm serving customers, particularly fast food, retail, and other similar
chains, throughout the United States. Print Direction, Inc. also provides warehousing and distribution services for these customers.
The income (loss) the Company generated from Print Direction, Inc., which includes all interest, dividends, PIK interest and dividends,
fees, and unrealized appreciation (depreciation), was $0.5 million and $(0.8) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Navis Holdings, Inc.   

Navis Holdings, Inc., incorporated in Delaware
on December 21, 2010, designs and manufactures leading machinery for the global knit and woven finishing textile industries. The
income the Company generated from Navis Holdings, Inc., which includes all interest, dividends, PIK interest and dividends, fees,
and unrealized appreciation, was $2.1 million and $3.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015,
respectively. 

On-Site Fuel Service, Inc.   

On-Site Fuel Service, Inc. is a 100% owned
subsidiary of On-Site Fuel Holdings, Inc., which was incorporated in Delaware on December 19, 2011. On-Site Fuel Service, Inc.
provides fueling services for commercial and government vehicle fleets throughout the southeast United States. The income (loss)
the Company generated from On-Site Fuel Service, Inc., which includes all interest, dividends, PIK interest and dividends, fees,
and unrealized appreciation (depreciation), was $1.9 million and $(0.7) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015, respectively. 

CableOrganizer Holdings, LLC   

CableOrganizer Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company that began operations on April 23, 2013, is a leading online provider of cable and wire management products.
The income the Company generated from CableOrganizer Holdings, LLC, which includes all interest, dividends, PIK interest and dividends,
fees, and unrealized appreciation (depreciation), was $1.4 million and $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Micro Precision, LLC   

Micro Precision, LLC, formed on August 5,
2011 as a Delaware LLC, is a prime contractor supplying critical parts and mechanical assemblies to the United States Department
of Defense as well as designer and manufacturer of locomotive air horns. The income the Company generated from Micro Precision,
LLC, which includes all interest, dividends, PIK interest and dividends, fees, and unrealized appreciation (depreciation), was
$0.7 million and $0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Eastport Holdings, LLC   

Eastport Holdings, LLC, an Ohio limited liability
company organized on November 1, 2011, is a holding company consisting of 11 marketing and advertising companies located across
the United States.  The income the Company generated from Eastport Holdings, LLC, which includes all interest, dividends,
PIK interest and dividends, fees, and unrealized appreciation (depreciation), was $11.0 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016.  The Company invested in the portfolio company in January 2016.  As such, comparative financial information
for the prior periods is not presented. 

The summarized financial information of
our unconsolidated subsidiaries was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Note 11. Earnings Per Share  

In accordance with the provisions of ASC 260,
 Earnings per Share  ( ASC 260 ), basic earnings per share is computed by dividing earnings available to common
shareholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Other potentially dilutive common shares,
and the related impact to earnings, are considered when calculating earnings per share on a diluted basis. As of September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, there were no dilutive shares. 

The following information sets forth the computation
of the weighted average basic and diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets per share from operations for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data): 

Note 12. Distributions  

The Company s dividends and distributions
are recorded as payable on the declaration date. Shareholders have the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, shares
of common stock, or a combination of cash and common stock. 

The following table summarizes the Company s
distributions declared and distributed for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands, except share and per
share data): 

The following table summarizes the Company s
dividend and distribution declarations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 (dollars in thousands, except share and per
share data): 

(1)  On February 26, 2015, the Company s Board of
Directors declared a special distribution of $0.50 per share of the Company s common stock, which was paid monthly over
the remainder of 2015. 

Note 13. Share Repurchase Program  

On February 26, 2015, the Company s
Board authorized a program for the purpose of repurchasing up to $12.0 million worth of its common stock. Under the repurchase
program, the Company could have, but was not obligated to, repurchase its outstanding common stock in the open market from time
to time provided that the Company complied with the prohibitions under its Insider Trading Policies and Procedures and the guidelines
specified in Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including certain price, market volume and timing
constraints. The repurchase program was in place until the earlier of March 31, 2016 or until $12.0 million of the Company s
outstanding shares of common stock had been repurchased. As of September 30, 2016, the repurchase program has expired and has not
been extended by the Board. 

During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, no shares were repurchased under the repurchase program. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the
Company repurchased 399,448 shares and 624,050 shares, respectively, of common stock in open market transactions for an aggregate
cost (including transaction costs) of $6.0 million and $9.9 million, respectively. Since the approval of the repurchase program,
the Company repurchased 774,858 shares of common stock in open market transactions for an aggregate cost (including transaction
costs) of $12.0 million, utilizing the maximum amount available under the repurchase program. The Company is incorporated in Maryland
and under the law of the state, shares repurchased are considered retired (repurchased shares become authorized but unissued shares)
rather than treasury stock. As a result, the cost of the stock repurchased is recorded as a reduction to capital in excess of par
value on the consolidated statements of changes in net assets. 

Note 14. Financial Highlights  

The following is a schedule of financial highlights
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data): 

(1)  Based on daily weighted average balance of shares outstanding during the period.   

(2)  Total investment return is calculated assuming a purchase of common shares at the current market value on the first day and
a sale at the current market value on the last day of the period reported. Dividends and distributions, if any, are assumed for
purposes of this calculation to be reinvested at prices obtained under the Company s DRIP. Total investment return does not
reflect brokerage commissions. Total investment returns covering less than a full period are not annualized.   

(3)  Portfolio turnover rate is calculated using the lesser of year-to-date sales or year-to-date purchases over the average of
the invested assets at fair value. Portfolio turnover rates that cover less than a full period are not annualized.   

(4)  Based on daily weighted average balance of debt outstanding during the period.   

(5)  Asset coverage per unit is the ratio of the carrying value of our total consolidated assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness
not represented by senior securities, to the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness. We have excluded
our SBA-guaranteed debentures from the asset coverage calculation as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 pursuant to the
exemptive relief granted by the SEC in June 2014 that permits us to exclude such debentures from the definition of senior securities
in the 200% asset coverage ratio we are required to maintain under the 1940 Act. Asset coverage per unit is expressed in terms
of dollar amounts per $1,000 of indebtedness.   

(7)  Includes the impact of different share amounts used in calculating per share data as a result of calculating certain per share
data based on weighted average shares outstanding during the period and certain per share data based on shares outstanding as of
a period end or transaction date.   

(8)  Ratios are annualized.   

(9)  Ratios are annualized. Incentive fees included within the ratio are not annualized.   

(10)  Ratio is not annualized.   

Note 15. Subsequent Events  

Management has evaluated subsequent events
through the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements included herein. There have been no subsequent events that
occurred during such period that would be required to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements as of September 30,
2016. 

Distributions   

On September 22,
2016, the Company s Board of Directors declared normal monthly distributions for October, November, and December of 2016
as set forth below: 

Portfolio Activity   

On November 3, 2016, the Company invested $22.5
million in the senior secured debt of Vintage Stock, Inc. The senior secured debt has a cash rate of LIBOR + 12.5%, with a 0.5%
floor and a PIK rate of 3.0%. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Except as otherwise specified, references
to  we,   us,   our  or the  Company , refer to Capitala Finance Corp. 

This Quarterly Report, including Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial
risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations,
estimates and projections about the Company, our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs, and
our assumptions. Words such as  anticipates,   expects,   intends,   plans,   will, 
 may,   continue,   believes,   seeks,   estimates,   would, 
 could,   should,   targets,   projects,  and variations of these words and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 

Some of the statements in the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events on our performance or financial condition. The
forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q involve risks and uncertainties, including statements
as to: 

our future operating results;   

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies;   

the impact of investments that we expect to make;   

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties;   

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest;   

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives;   

our expected financings and investments;   

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; and   

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies.   

These statements are not guarantees of future
performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict
and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including
without limitation: 

an economic downturn could impair our portfolio companies  ability to continue to operate or repay their borrowings,
which could lead to the loss of some or all of our investments in such portfolio companies;   

a contraction of available credit and/or an inability to access the equity markets could impair our lending and investment
activities;   

interest rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly if we use leverage as part of our investment strategy;
and   

the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q.   

Although we believe that the assumptions on
which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as
a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. Important assumptions include our
ability to originate new loans and investments, certain margins and levels of profitability and the availability of additional
capital. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These
risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.
You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, unless required by law or U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rule or regulation. 

OVERVIEW  

We are a Maryland corporation that has elected
to be regulated as a business development company ( BDC ) under the Investment Company Act of 1940 as amended (the
 1940 Act ). We are an  emerging growth company  within the meaning of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ), and as such, are subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Our investment
objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. We are managed by Capitala
Investment Advisors, LLC (the  Investment Advisor ), and Capitala Advisors Corp. (the  Administrator )
provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate. 

We provide capital to lower and traditional
middle-market companies in the United States, with a non-exclusive emphasis on the Southeast, Southwest and Mid-Atlantic regions.
We invest primarily in companies with a history of earnings growth and positive cash flow, proven management teams, product or
service with competitive advantages and industry-appropriate margins. We primarily invest in companies with between $5 million
and $30 million in trailing twelve month earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization ( EBITDA ). 

We invest in mezzanine and senior debt investments
that are secured by subordinated liens on all of our borrowers  assets and, to a lesser extent, in senior, cash flow-based
 unitranche  securities. Many of our debt investments are coupled with equity interests, whether in the form of detachable
 penny  warrants or equity co-investments made pari-passu with our borrowers  financial sponsors. 

As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain
regulatory requirements. For instance, we generally have to invest at least 70% of our total assets in  qualifying assets, 
including securities of private or thinly traded public U.S. companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and
high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. In addition, we are only allowed to borrow money such that our asset
coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 200% after such borrowing, with certain limited exceptions. To maintain our
regulated investment company ( RIC ) status, we must meet specified source-of-income and asset diversification requirements.
To maintain our RIC tax treatment under subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code )
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must distribute at least 90% of our net ordinary income and realized net short-term capital
gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, for the taxable year. 

Corporate History  

We commenced operations on May 24, 2013 and
completed our initial public offering ( IPO ) on September 30, 2013. The Company was formed for the purpose of (i)
acquiring, through a series of transactions, an investment portfolio from the following entities: CapitalSouth Partners Fund I
Limited Partnership ( Fund I ); CapitalSouth Partners Fund II Limited Partnership ( Fund II ); CapitalSouth
Partners Fund III, L.P. ( Fund III Parent ); CapitalSouth Partners SBIC Fund III, L.P. ( Fund III ) and
CapitalSouth Partners Florida Sidecar Fund I, L.P. ( Florida Sidecar  and, collectively with Fund I, Fund II, Fund
III and Fund III Parent, the  Legacy Funds ); (ii) raising capital in the IPO and (iii) continuing and expanding the
business of the Legacy Funds by making additional debt and equity investments in lower middle-market and middle-market companies. 

On September 24, 2013, the Company acquired
100% of the limited partnership interests in Fund II, Fund III and Florida Sidecar and each of their respective general partners,
as well as certain assets from Fund I and Fund III Parent, in exchange for an aggregate of 8,974,420 shares of the Company s
common stock (the  Formation Transactions ). Fund II, Fund III and Florida Sidecar became the Fund s wholly-owned
subsidiaries. Fund II and Fund III retained their SBIC licenses, and continued to hold their existing investments at the time of
IPO and have continued to make new investments after the IPO. The IPO consisted of the sale of 4,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock at a price of $20.00 per share resulting in net proceeds to the Company of $74.25 million, after deducting underwriting
fees and commissions totaling $4.0 million and offering expenses totaling $1.75 million. The other costs of the IPO were borne
by the limited partners of the Legacy Funds. 

At the time of the Formation Transactions,
our portfolio consisted of: (1) approximately $326.3 million in investments; (2) an aggregate of approximately $67.1 million in
cash, interest receivable and other assets; and (3) liabilities of approximately $202.2 million of SBA-guaranteed debt payable.
We have two SBIC-licensed subsidiaries that have elected to be regulated as BDCs under the 1940 Act. 

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting
principles ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-Q
and Article 6 and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, certain disclosures accompanying our annual consolidated financial
statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been omitted. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting solely
of normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of financial statements for the interim periods, have been
reflected in the unaudited consolidated financial statements. The current period s results of operations are not necessarily
indicative of results that ultimately may be achieved for the year. Additionally, the unaudited consolidated financial statements
and notes should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 8, 2016. 

The Company s financial statements as
of September 30, 2016 are presented on a consolidated basis. The effects of all intercompany transactions between the Company and
its subsidiaries (Fund II, Fund III, and the Florida Sidecar) have been eliminated in consolidation. All financial data and information
included in these consolidated financial statements have been presented on the basis described above. In the opinion of management,
the consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments that are necessary for the fair presentation of financial results
as of and for the periods presented. 

The Company is considered an investment company
as defined in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 946    Financial Services   Investment
Companies  ( ASC Topic 946 ). Accordingly, the required disclosures as outlined in ASC Topic 946 are included in
the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Consolidation  

As provided under Regulation S-X and ASC Topic
946, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than an investment company subsidiary or a controlled
operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. Accordingly, the Company consolidated the results
of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries in its consolidated financial statements. The Company does not consolidate its
interest in Capitala Senior Liquid Loan Fund I, LLC ( CSLLF ) because the investment is not considered a substantially
wholly owned investment company subsidiary. Further, CSLLF is a joint venture for which shared power exists relating to the decisions
that most significantly impact the economic performance of the entity. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for
a description of the Company s investment in CSLLF. 

Revenues  

We generate revenue primarily from the periodic
cash interest we collect on our debt investments. In addition, most of our debt investments offer the opportunity to participate
in a borrower s equity performance through warrant participation, direct equity ownership or otherwise, which we expect to
result in revenue in the form of dividends and/or capital gains. Further, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination,
amendment, structuring or diligence fees, monitoring fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and possibly consulting fees
and performance-based fees. These fees will be recognized as they are earned. 

Expenses  

Our primary operating expenses include the
payment of investment advisory fees to our Investment Advisor, our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by
our Administrator in performing its obligations under an administration agreement between us and the Administrator (the  Administration
Agreement ) and other operating expenses as detailed below. Our investment advisory fee will compensate our Investment Advisor
for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing, monitoring and servicing our investments. We will bear all other
expenses of our operations and transactions, including (without limitation): 

the cost of our organization;   

the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services;   

the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of our shares and other securities;   

interest payable on debt, if any, to finance our investments;   

fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments (such as legal, accounting, and travel expenses
incurred in connection with making investments), including fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence reviews of
prospective investments and advisory fees;   

transfer agent and custodial fees;   

fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts;   

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, other applicable federal and state securities laws and ongoing stock exchange listing fees;   

federal, state and local taxes;   

independent directors  fees and expenses;   

brokerage commissions;   

costs of proxy statements, stockholders  reports and other communications with stockholders;   

fidelity bond, directors  and officers  liability insurance, errors and omissions liability insurance and other
insurance premiums;   

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, telephone and staff;   

fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs; and   

all other expenses incurred by either our Administrator or us in connection with administering our business, including payments
under the Administration Agreement that will be based upon our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by our
Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated
with performing compliance functions, and our allocable portion of any costs of compensation and related expenses of our chief
compliance officer and our chief financial officer and their respective administrative support staff.   

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates  

In the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures, we have adopted various accounting policies that govern the application of U.S. GAAP. Our significant
accounting policies are described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. While all of these policies are important
to understanding our financial statements, certain accounting policies and estimates are considered critical due to their impact
on the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses for the periods covered by such financial statements. We have identified investment valuation, revenue recognition,
and income taxes as our most critical accounting estimates. We continuously evaluate our estimates, including those related to
the matters described below. Because of the nature of the judgment and assumptions we make, actual results could materially differ
from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. A discussion of our critical accounting policies follows. 

Valuation of Investments   

The Company applies fair value accounting
to all of its financial instruments in accordance with the 1940 Act and ASC Topic 820     Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ). ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework used to measure fair value and
requires disclosures for fair value measurements. In accordance with ASC 820, the Company has categorized its financial instruments
carried at fair value, based on the priority of the valuation technique, into a three-level fair value hierarchy as discussed in
Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements. 

In determining fair value, our board of directors
(the  Board ) uses various valuation approaches, and engages a third-party independent valuation firm, which provides
positive assurance on the investments it reviews. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, a fair value hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring
fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most
observable inputs be used when available. 

Observable inputs are those that market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Board. Unobservable inputs
reflect the Board s assumptions about the inputs market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed
based upon the best information available in the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based
on the inputs as follows: 

Level 1    Valuations based
on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Valuation
adjustments and block discounts are not applied to Level 1 securities. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily
and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these securities does not entail a significant degree of judgment. 

Level 2    Valuations based
on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3    Valuations based
on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

The availability of valuation techniques and
observable inputs can vary from security to security and is affected by a wide variety of factors including the type of security,
whether the security is new and not yet established in the marketplace, and other characteristics particular to the transaction.
To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination
of fair value requires more judgment. Those estimated values do not necessarily represent the amounts that may be ultimately realized
due to the occurrence of future circumstances that cannot be reasonably determined. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation,
those estimated values may be materially higher or lower than the values that would have been used had a market for the securities
existed. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is greatest for securities categorized
in Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy.
In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety
falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Fair value is a market-based measure considered
from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions are
not readily available, the Company s own assumptions are set to reflect those that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability at the measurement date. We use prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including
periods of market dislocation. In periods of market dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many
securities. This condition could cause a security to be reclassified to a lower level within the fair value hierarchy. 

As a practical expedient, the Company
uses net asset value ( NAV ) as the basis for the fair value of its investment in CSLLF. CSLLF records its underlying
investments at fair value on a daily basis utilizing pricing information from third-party sources. In the event pricing is not
available or an investment is considered illiquid, management may perform model-based analytical valuations in instances where
an investment is considered illiquid or for which pricing is not available from third-party sources. 

Valuation Techniques   

Enterprise Value Waterfall Approach  

The enterprise value waterfall approach determines
an enterprise value based on EBITDA multiples of publicly traded companies that are considered similar to the subject portfolio
company. The Company considers a variety of items in determining a reasonable pricing multiple, including, but not limited to,
operating results, budgeted projections, growth, size, risk, profitability, leverage, management depth, diversification, market
position, supplier or customer dependence, asset utilization, liquidity metrics, and access to capital markets. EBITDA of the portfolio
company is adjusted for non-recurring items in order to reflect a normalized level of earnings that is representative of future
earnings. In certain instances, the Company may also utilize revenue multiples to determine enterprise value. When available, the
Company may assign a pricing multiple or value its equity investments based on the value of recent investment transactions in the
subject portfolio company or offers to purchase the portfolio company. The enterprise value is adjusted for financial instruments
with seniority to the Company s ownership and for the effect of any instrument which may dilute the Company s investment
in the portfolio company. The adjusted enterprise value is then apportioned based on the seniority and privileges of the Company s
investments within the portfolio company. 

The enterprise value waterfall approach is
primarily utilized to value the Company s equity securities, including warrants. However, the Company may utilize the enterprise
value waterfall approach to value certain debt securities. 

Income Approach  

The income approach utilizes a discounted
cash flow methodology in which the Company estimates fair value based on the present value of expected cash flows discounted at
a market rate of interest. The determination of a discount rate, or required rate of return, takes into account the portfolio company s
fundamentals and perceived credit risk. Because the majority of the Company s portfolio companies do not have a public credit
rating, determining a discount rate often involves assigning an implied credit rating based on the portfolio company s operating
metrics compared to average metrics of similar publicly rated debt. Operating metrics include, but are not limited to, EBITDA,
interest coverage, leverage ratio, return on capital, and debt to equity ratios. The implied credit rating is used to assign a
base discount rate range based on publicly available yields on similarly rated debt securities. The Company may apply a premium
to the discount rate utilized in determining fair value when performance metrics and other qualitative information indicate that
there is an additional level of uncertainty about collectability of cash flows. 

Asset Approach  

The asset approach values an investment based
on the value of the underlying collateral securing the investment. This approach is used when the Company has reason to believe
that it will not collect all principal and interest in accordance with the contractual terms of the debt agreement. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company s revenue recognition policies
are as follows: 

Interest income and paid-in-kind interest
income:  Interest income is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. The
Company has loans in the portfolio that contain a payment-in-kind ( PIK ) provision. The PIK interest, which represents
contractually deferred interest added to the loan balance that is generally due at maturity, is recorded on the accrual basis to
the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. PIK interest is not accrued if the Company does not expect the issuer
to be able to pay all principal and interest when due. 

Non-accrual investments:  Generally,
when interest and/or principal payments on a loan become 90 days or more past due, or if the Company otherwise does not expect
the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, the Company will place the loan on non-accrual status, and will
generally cease recognizing interest income and PIK on that loan for financial reporting purposes. Interest payments received on
non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. The Company writes
off any previously accrued and uncollected cash interest when it is determined that interest is no longer considered collectible.
The Company may elect to cease accruing PIK and continue accruing interest income in cases where a loan is currently paying its
interest income but, in management s judgment, there is a reasonable likelihood of principal loss on the loan. Non-accrual
loans are returned to accrual status when the borrower s financial condition improves such that management believes current
interest and principal payments are expected to be collected. 

Gains and losses on investment sales and
paydowns:  Realized gains and losses on investments are recognized using the specific identification method. 

Dividend income and paid-in-kind dividends: 
Dividend income is recognized on the date dividends are declared. Dividend income may be reversed in the event that a previously
declared dividend is no longer expected to be paid by the portfolio company. The Company holds preferred equity investments in
the portfolio that contain a payment-in-kind dividend ( PIK dividends ) provision. PIK dividends, which represent contractually
deferred dividends added to the equity balance, are recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected
to be collected. The Company will typically cease accrual of PIK dividends when the fair value of the equity investment is less
than the cost basis of the investment or when it is otherwise determined by management that PIK dividends are unlikely to be collected.
If management determines that a decline in fair value is temporary in nature and the PIK dividends are more likely than not to
be collected, management may elect to continue accruing PIK dividends. 

Original issue discount/premiums:  Discounts/premiums
received to par on loans purchased are capitalized and accreted or amortized into income over the life of the loan. Any remaining
discount/premium is accreted or amortized into income upon prepayment of the loan. 

Other income:  Origination fees (to
the extent services are performed to earn such income), amendment fees, consent fees, and other fees associated with investments
in portfolio companies are recognized as income when the investment transaction closes. Prepayment penalties received by the Company
for debt instruments repaid prior to maturity date are recorded as income upon receipt. 

Income Taxes  

Prior to the Formation Transactions, the Legacy
Funds were treated as partnerships for U.S. federal, state and local income tax purposes and, therefore, no provision has been
made in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for federal, state or local income taxes. In accordance with the partnership
tax law requirements, each partner would include their respective components of the Legacy Funds  taxable profits or losses,
as shown on their Schedule K-1 in their respective tax or information returns. The Legacy Funds are disregarded entities for tax
purposes prior to and post the Formation Transactions. 

The Company has elected to be treated for
U.S. federal income tax purposes, and intends to comply with the requirements to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter
M of the Code and, among other things, intends to make the requisite distributions to its stockholders which will relieve the Company
from U.S. federal income taxes. Therefore, no provision has been recorded for U.S. federal income taxes. 

In order to qualify as a RIC, among other
requirements, the Company is required to timely distribute to its stockholders at least 90.0% of its investment company taxable
income, as defined by the Code, for each fiscal tax year. The Company will be subject to a nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax
of 4.0% on undistributed income if it does not distribute at least 98.0% of its ordinary income in any calendar year and 98.2%
of its capital gain net income for each one-year period ending on October 31. 

Depending on the level of taxable income earned
in an excise tax year, the Company may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year dividend distributions
into the next excise tax year and pay a 4.0% excise tax on such income, as required. To the extent that the Company determines
that its estimated current year annual taxable income will be in excess of estimated current year dividend distributions for excise
tax purposes, the Company accrues excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned. Since the
Company s IPO, the Company has not accrued or paid excise tax. 

In accordance with certain applicable treasury
regulations and private letter rulings issued by the Internal Revenue Service, a RIC may treat a distribution of its own stock
as fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive his or her entire distribution in either
cash or stock of the RIC, subject to a limitation on the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders, which
limitation must be at least 20.0% of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash, each
stockholder electing to receive cash will receive a pro rata amount of cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock).
In no event will any stockholder, electing to receive cash, receive less than 20.0% of his or her entire distribution in cash.
If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in stock
will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of stock. 

ASC Topic 740     Income
Taxes  ( ASC 740 ), provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented
and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be
taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are  more-likely-than-not 
to sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions deemed to meet a  more-likely-than-not  threshold would
be recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current period. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to
unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, there were no uncertain tax positions. 

The Company is required to determine whether
a tax position of the Company is more likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including
resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit to be
recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate
settlement. De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized could result in the Company recording a tax liability that could
negatively impact the Company s net assets. 

U.S. GAAP provides guidance on thresholds,
measurement, de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition
that is intended to provide better financial statement comparability among different entities. 

The Company has concluded that it was not
necessary to record a liability for any such tax positions as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. However, the Company s
conclusions regarding this policy may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not limited
to, ongoing analyses of, and changes to, tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. 

The Company s activities from commencement
of operations remain subject to examination by U.S. federal, state, and local tax authorities. No interest expense or penalties
have been assessed as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. If the Company were required to recognize interest and penalties,
if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits this would be recognized as income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Portfolio and Investment Activity  

As of September 30, 2016, our portfolio consisted
of investments in 51 portfolio companies with a fair value of approximately $503.8 million. 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2016, we made approximately $26.0 million of investments and had approximately $111.9 million in repayments and
sales resulting in net repayments/sales of approximately $85.9 million for the period. During the three months ended
September 30, 2015, we made approximately $55.6 million of investments and had approximately $34.7 million in repayments and
sales resulting in net investments of approximately $20.9 million for the period. 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, we made approximately $53.9 million of investments and had approximately $128.6 million in repayments and
sales resulting in net repayments/sales of approximately $74.7 million for the period. During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, we made approximately $225.6 million of investments and had approximately $126.6 million in repayments and sales
resulting in net investments of approximately $99.0 million for the period. 

On August 31, 2016, the Company sold a portion
of 14 securities across 10 portfolio companies to CapitalSouth Partners Florida Sidecar Fund II, L.P. ( FSC II ),
including granting an option to acquire the Company s equity investment in Eastport Holdings, LLC (the  Written Call
Option ), in exchange for 100% of the partnership interests in FSC II. Concurrent with the sale of these assets to FSC II
, the Company received cash consideration of $47.6 million from an affiliated third-party purchaser in exchange for 100% of the
partnership interests of FSC II. These assets were sold to FSC II at their June 30, 2016 fair market values, resulting in net
realized gain of $0.1 million. The proceeds from the redemption of partnership interests in FSC II are included in gross repayments
and sales of investments received for the period. The Company s Board of Directors pre-approved this transaction pursuant
to Section 57(f) of the 1940 Act. 

The Written Call Option granted the purchaser
the right to purchase up to 31.25% of our equity investment in Eastport Holdings, LLC. The Written Call Option has a strike price
of $1.5 million and a termination date of August 31, 2018. The fair value of the Written Call Option, which has been treated as
a derivative liability and is recorded in the financial statement line item written call option at fair value in our consolidated
statements of assets and liabilities, was approximately $0.9 million as of September 30, 2016. For purposes of determining the
fair value of the Written Call Option, we calculated the difference in the fair value of the underlying equity investment in Eastport
Holdings, LLC and the strike price of the Written Call Option, or intrinsic value. The time value of the Written Call Option as
of September 30, 2016 was determined to be insignificant. The Written Call Option is classified as a Level 3 financial instrument.
The Written Call Option was the only option contract granted by the Company during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, and the Written Call Option remains outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, our average
portfolio company investment and our largest portfolio company investment at amortized cost and fair value was approximately $9.4
million and $9.9 million, and $21.6 million and $24.1 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately
$60.6 million of cash and cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2015, our average portfolio company investment and our largest portfolio
company investment at amortized cost and fair value was approximately $10.0 million and $10.4 million, and $28.3 million and $28.3
million, respectively. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had approximately $34.1 million of cash and cash equivalents. 

As of September 30, 2016, our debt investment
portfolio, which represented 79.6% of our total portfolio, had a weighted average annualized yield of approximately 12.7%, exclusive
of the impact of our non-accrual debt investments. As of September 30, 2016, 60.3% of our debt investment portfolio was bearing
a fixed rate of interest. As of December 31, 2015, our debt investment portfolio, which represented 80.2% of our total portfolio,
had a weighted average annualized yield of approximately 12.3%, exclusive of the impact of our non-accrual debt investments. As
of December 31, 2015, 65.5% of our debt investment portfolio was bearing a fixed rate of interest. 

The following table summarizes the amortized
cost and the fair value of investments and cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

The following table summarizes the amortized
cost and the fair value of investments and cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

The following table shows the portfolio composition
by industry grouping at fair value (dollars in thousands): 

With the exception of the international investment
holdings noted below, all investments made by the Company as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were made in portfolio
companies located in the United States. The geographic composition is determined by the location of the corporate headquarters
of the portfolio company, which may not be indicative of the primary source of the portfolio company s business. The following
table shows the portfolio composition by geographic region at fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars
in thousands): 

In addition to various risk management tools,
our Investment Advisor also uses an investment rating system to characterize and monitor our expected level of return on each investment
in our portfolio. 

As part of our valuation procedures, we risk
rate all of our investments. In general, our investment rating system uses a scale of 1 to 5, with 1 being the lowest probability
of default and principal loss. Our internal rating is not an exact system, but it is used internally to estimate the probability
of: (i) default on our debt securities and (ii) loss of our debt principal, in the event of a default. In general, our internal
rating system may also assist our valuation team in its determination of the estimated fair value of equity securities or equity-like
securities. Our internal risk rating system generally encompasses both qualitative and quantitative aspects of our portfolio companies. 

Our internal investment rating system incorporates
the following five categories: 

Investment   
  Rating   
       
       Definition    
 
      1  
       
      In general, the investment may be performing above our internal expectations. Full return of principal and interest is expected. Capital gain is expected.   

2  
       
      In general, the investment may be performing within our internal expectations, and potential risks to the applicable investment are considered to be neutral or favorable compared to any potential risks at the time of the original investment. All new investments are initially given this rating.   

3  
       
      In general, the investment may be performing below our internal expectations and therefore, investments in this category may require closer internal monitoring; however, the valuation team believes that no loss of investment return (interest and/or dividends) or principal is expected. The investment also may be out of compliance with certain financial covenants.   

4  
       
      In general, the investment may be performing below internal expectations and quantitative or qualitative risks may have increased substantially since the original investment. Loss of some or all principal is expected.   

5  
       
      In general, the investment may be performing substantially below our internal expectations and a number of quantitative or qualitative risks may have increased substantially since the original investment. Loss of some or all principal is expected.   

Our Investment Advisor will monitor and, when
appropriate, change the investment ratings assigned to each investment in our portfolio. In connection with our valuation process,
our Investment Advisor will review these investment ratings on a quarterly basis, and our Board will affirm such ratings. The investment
rating of a particular investment should not, however, be deemed to be a guarantee of the investment s future performance. 

The following table shows the distribution
of our investments on the 1 to 5 investment performance rating scale at fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
(dollars in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016, we had debt investments
in two portfolio companies on non-accrual status with an amortized cost of $13.3 million and a fair value of $9.5 million, which
represented 2.8% and 1.9% of the investment portfolio, respectively. As of December 31, 2015, we had debt investments in five portfolio
companies on non-accrual status with amortized cost of $47.1 million and a fair value of $28.0 million, which represented 8.3%
and 4.7% of the investment portfolio, respectively. 

Capitala Senior Liquid Loan Fund
I, LLC   

On March 24, 2015, the Company and Trinity
Universal Insurance Company ( Trinity ), a subsidiary of Kemper Corporation ( Kemper ), entered into a
limited liability company agreement to co-manage CSLLF. The purpose and design of the joint venture is to invest primarily in broadly
syndicated senior secured loans to middle-market companies, which will be purchased on the secondary market. Capitala and Trinity
have committed to provide $25.0 million of equity to CSLLF, with Capitala providing $20.0 million and Trinity providing $5.0 million,
resulting in an 80%/20% economic ownership between the two parties. The board of directors and investment committee of CSLLF are
split 50/50 between Trinity and Capitala, resulting in equal voting power between the two entities. In September 2016, the Company
and Trinity elected to wind-down operations of CSLLF, which is expected to be completed prior to December 31, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, $20.0 million and
$5.0 million in capital had been contributed by Capitala and Trinity, respectively. Our investment in CSLLF is not redeemable.
For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, we received $0.5 million and $0.4 million, respectively,
in dividend income from our equity interest in CSLLF. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, we received
$1.6 million and $0.4 million, respectively, in dividend income from our equity interest in CSLLF. 

On March 27, 2015, CSLLF entered into a total
return swap ( TRS ) with Bank of America, N.A. ( Bank of America ) that is indexed to a basket of senior
secured loans purchased by CSLLF. CSLLF will obtain the economic benefit of the loans underlying the TRS, including the net interest
spread between the interest income generated by the underlying loans and the interest expense type payment under the TRS, the realized
gain/(loss) on liquidated loans, and the unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on the underlying loans. 

The terms of the TRS are governed by an ISDA
2002 Master Agreement, the Schedule thereto and Credit Support Annex to such Schedule, and the confirmation exchanged thereunder,
between CSLLF and Bank of America, which collectively establish the TRS, and are collectively referred to herein as the  TRS
Agreement.  Pursuant to the terms of the TRS Agreement, CSLLF may select a portfolio of loans with a maximum market value
(determined at the time each such loan becomes subject to the TRS) of $100.0 million, which is also referred to as the maximum
notional amount of the TRS. Each individual loan, and the portfolio of loans taken as a whole, must meet criteria described in
the TRS Agreement. CSLLF receives from Bank of America, a periodic payment on set dates that is based upon any coupons, both earned
and accrued, generated by the loans underlying the TRS, subject to limitations described in the TRS Agreement as well as any fees
associated with the loans included in the portfolio. CSLLF pays to Bank of America interest at a rate equal to the London Interbank
Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus 1.25% per annum; the LIBOR option paid by CSLLF is determined on an asset by asset basis
such that the tenor of the LIBOR option (1 month, 3 month, etc.) matches the tenor of the underlying reference asset. In addition,
upon the termination of any loan subject to the TRS or any repayment of the underlying reference asset, CSLLF either receives from
Bank of America, the appreciation in the value of such loan, or pays to Bank of America any depreciation in the value of such loan. 

CSLLF is required to pay an unused facility
fee of 1.25% on any amount of unused facility under the minimum facility amount of $70.0 million as outlined in the TRS agreement.
Such unused facility fee will not apply during the first 4 months and last 60 days of the term of the TRS. CSLLF will also pay
Bank of America customary fees and expenses in connection with the establishment and maintenance of the TRS. 

CSLLF is required to initially cash collateralize
a specified percentage of each loan (generally 20% to 35% of the market value of senior secured loans) included under the TRS in
accordance with margin requirements described in the TRS Agreement. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, CSLLF has posted
$20.5 million and $19.1 million, respectively, in collateral to Bank of America in relation to the TRS which is recorded on CSLLF s
statements of assets and liabilities as cash held as collateral on total return swap. CSLLF may be required to post additional
collateral as a result of a decline in the mark-to-market value of the portfolio of loans subject to the TRS. The cash collateral
represents CSLLF s maximum credit exposure as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

In connection with the TRS, CSLLF has made
customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary
requirements for similar transactions governed by an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement. As of September 30, 2016, CSLLF is in compliance
with regards to any covenants or requirements of the TRS. 

CSLLF s receivable due on the TRS represents
realized amounts from payments on underlying loans in the total return swap portfolio. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the receivable due on TRS was $0.9 million and $0.5 million, respectively, and is recorded on CSLLF s statements of assets
and liabilities below. CSLLF does not offset collateral posted in relation to the TRS with any unrealized appreciation or depreciation
outstanding in the statements of assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Transactions in TRS contracts during the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted in $1.4 million and $2.8 million, respectively, in realized gains and $0.8 million
and $2.4 million, respectively, in unrealized appreciation, which is recorded on CSLLF s statements of operations below.
Transactions in TRS contracts during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 resulted in $0.6 million and $0.7 million,
respectively, in realized gains and $(0.7) million and $(0.6) million, respectively, in unrealized depreciation, which is recorded
on CSLLF s statements of operations below. 

CSLLF only held one derivative position as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The derivative held is subject to a netting arrangement. The following table represents
CSLLF s gross and net amounts after offset under Master Agreements of the derivative assets and liabilities presented by
the derivative type, net of the related collateral pledged by the CSLLF as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars
in thousands): 

(1)  Cash was posted for initial margin requirements for the total return swap as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and
is reported on CSLLF s statements of assets and liabilities as cash collateral on total return swap.   

The following represents
the volume of the CSLLF s derivative transactions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

The following represents
the volume of the CSLLF s derivative transactions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

Below is a summary
of CSLLF's portfolio of TRS reference assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

(1)  Based on principal amount outstanding at period end.   

The following is a summary of the TRS reference
assets as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

(1)  Represents the fair value determined in accordance with ASC Topic 820. The determination of fair value is outside the scope
of the Board's valuation process described herein.   

(2)  All interest is payable in cash.   

(3)  All referenced assets are senior secured loans.   

(4)  The interest rate discloses reflects the interest rate as of the last day of the period. The borrower has the election to change
the tenor of LIBOR utilizes at each maturity; as such, the tenor reflected herein may change in future periods.   

The following is a summary of the TRS reference
assets as of December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands):  

(1)  Represents the fair value determined in accordance with ASC Topic 820. The determination of fair value is outside the scope
of the Board's valuation process described herein.   

(2)  All interest is payable in cash.   

(4)  All referenced assets are senior secured loans.   

(5)  The referenced asset has an unfunded commitment of $0.3 million.   

(6)  The interest rate discloses reflects the interest rate as of the last day of the period. The borrower has the election to change
the tenor of LIBOR utilized at each maturity; as such, the tenor reflected herein may change in future periods.   

Below is certain
summarized financial information for CSLLF as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

Selected Statements of Assets and Liabilities (unaudited):  

Selected Statements of Operations Information (unaudited):  

Results of Operations  

Operating results for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Investment income   

The composition of our investment income for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

The income reported as interest income and
PIK interest and dividend income is generally based on the stated rates as disclosed in our consolidated schedule of investments.
Accretion/(amortization) of discounts and premiums paid for purchased loans are included in interest income as an adjustment to
yield. As a general rule, our interest income and payment-in-kind interest and dividend income is recurring in nature. 

We also generate fee income primarily through
origination fees charged for new investments, and secondarily via amendment fees, consent fees, prepayment penalties, and other
fees. While the fee income is typically non-recurring for each investment, most of our new investments include an origination fee;
as such, fee income is dependent upon our volume of directly originated investments and the fee structure associated with those
investments. 

We earn dividends on certain equity investments
within our investment portfolio. As noted in our consolidated schedule of investments, some investments are scheduled to pay a
periodic dividend, though these recurring dividends do not make up a significant portion of our total investment income. We may
and have received more substantial one-time dividends from our equity investments as part of dividend recapitalizations. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
total investment income decreased $0.9 million, or 5.2%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease from
the prior period relates primarily to lower fee income. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we did not generate any
origination fees from new deployments but did generate $0.6 million in non-origination fees. Comparatively, for the three months
ended September 30, 2015, we generated $0.9 million in origination fees from new deployments and $0.9 million in non-origination
fees. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
total investment income increased $4.4 million, or 9.2%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase from
the prior period relates primarily to higher interest and PIK income generated from a larger average investment portfolio. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we generated $0.7 million in origination fees from new deployments and $1.6 million in
non-origination fees. Comparatively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we generated $3.1 million in origination fees
from new deployments and $1.8 million in non-origination fees. Dividend income increased from $1.4 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, to $2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The increase in dividend income was driven
by $1.6 million in dividend income from CSLLF during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0.4 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Operating expenses   

The composition of our expenses for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
total expenses decreased $0.6 million, or 5.7%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease from the prior
period was driven primarily from a $0.5 million decline in incentive fee due to the fee waiver implemented by the Investment Advisor
for 2016. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, total expenses remained relatively the same compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase in interest and financing expenses was due to a larger balance outstanding under our Credit
Facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Management fees increased over the prior period due to growth in assets
under management. The increase in interest and financing expenses and management fees was offset in part by a $1.0 million decline
in incentive fees due to the fee waiver implemented by the Investment Advisor for 2016. 

Net realized gains (losses) on sales of investments   

During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we recognized $(17.0) million and $(24.9) million, respectively, of net realized losses on our portfolio investments.
During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized $(16.0) million and $9.1 million, respectively, of net
realized gains (losses) on our portfolio investments. 

Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments
and on Written Call Option   

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
on investments reflects the net change in the fair value of our investment portfolio. For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, we had net unrealized appreciation on investments of $8.5 million and $16.2 million, respectively. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments of $4.6 million and
$(4.3) million, respectively. 

Appreciation on investments for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was partially offset by depreciation of $(0.9) million related to the Written Call Option.
As previously noted, unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on the Written Call Option is based on the change in fair value of
the underlying equity investment in Eastport Holdings, LLC less the strike price of the Written Call Option. 

Changes in net assets resulting from operations   

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we recorded a net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations of $(2.0) million and $1.1 million, respectively.
Based on the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, our per
share net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations was $(0.13) and $0.07, respectively. For the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of $8.0 million and $22.8
million, respectively. Based on the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, our per share net increase in net assets resulting from operations was $0.49 and $1.52, respectively. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We use and intend to use existing cash primarily
to originate investments in new and existing portfolio companies, pay distributions to our shareholders, and repay indebtedness. 

On September 30, 2013, we issued 4,000,000
shares at $20.00 per share in our IPO, yielding net proceeds of $74.25 million. 

On June 16, 2014, we issued $113.4 million
in aggregate principal amount of 7.125% fixed-rate notes (the  Notes ), yielding net proceeds of $109.1 million after
underwriting costs. The Notes will mature on June 16, 2021, and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to
time at our option on or after June 17, 2017 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the outstanding principal, plus accrued and
unpaid interest. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 7.125% per year payable quarterly on March 16, June 16, September 16, and
December 16 of each year, beginning September 16, 2014. The Notes are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol
 CLA  with a par value $25.00 per share. 

On October 17, 2014, we entered into a senior
secured revolving credit agreement (the  Credit Facility ) with ING Capital, LLC, as administrative agent, arranger,
and bookrunner, and the lenders party thereto. The Credit Facility currently provides for borrowings up to $120.0 million and may
be increased up to $150.0 million pursuant to its  accordion  feature. The Credit Facility matures on October 17, 2018.
As of September 30, 2016, we had $38.0 million outstanding and $82.0 million available under the Credit Facility. 

On April 13, 2015, we completed an underwritten
offering of 3,500,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $18.32 per share. The total proceeds received in
the offering net of underwriting discounts and offering costs were approximately $61.7 million. 

Including the net proceeds from our IPO on
September 30, 2013, we have raised approximately $245.0 million in net proceeds from debt and equity offerings and obtained credit
availability through our Credit Facility of $120.0 million through September 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, Fund II had $26.2
million in regulatory capital and $20.7 million in SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding and Fund III had $75.0 million in regulatory
capital and $150.0 million in SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. In addition to our existing SBA-guaranteed debentures, we
may, if permitted by regulation, seek to issue additional SBA-guaranteed debentures as well as other forms of leverage and borrow
funds to make investments. On June 10, 2014, we received an exemptive order from the SEC exempting us, Fund II and Fund III from
certain provisions of the 1940 Act (including an exemptive order granting relief from the asset coverage requirements for certain
indebtedness issued by Fund II and Fund III as SBICs) and from certain reporting requirements mandated by the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to Fund II and Fund III. We intend to comply with the conditions of the order. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had $60.6 million
in cash and cash equivalents, and our net assets totaled $248.4 million. 

Contractual obligations  

We have entered into two contracts under which
we have material future commitments: the Investment Advisory Agreement, pursuant to which the Investment Advisor serves as our
investment adviser, and the Administration Agreement, pursuant to which our Administrator agrees to furnish us with certain administrative
services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. Payments under the Investment Advisory Agreement in future periods will
be equal to: (1) a percentage of the value of our gross assets; and (2) an incentive fee based on our performance. Payments under
the Administration Agreement will occur on an ongoing basis as expenses are incurred on our behalf by our Administrator. 

The Investment Advisory Agreement and the
Administration Agreement are each terminable by either party without penalty upon 60 days  written notice to the other. If
either of these agreements is terminated, the costs we incur under new agreements may increase. In addition, we will likely incur
significant time and expense in locating alternative parties to provide the services we expect to receive under both our Investment
Advisory Agreement and our Administration Agreement. Any new Investment Advisory Agreement would also be subject to approval by
our stockholders. 

A summary of our significant contractual payment
obligations as of September 30, 2016 are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Distributions  

In order to qualify as a RIC and to avoid
corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on the income we distribute to our stockholders, we are required to distribute at least
90% of our net ordinary income and our net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders
on an annual basis. Additionally, we must distribute an amount at least equal to the sum of 98% of our net ordinary income (during
the calendar year) plus 98.2% of our net capital gain income (during each 12-month period ending on October 31) plus any net ordinary
income and capital gain net income for preceding years that were not distributed during such years and on which we paid no U.S.
federal income tax to avoid a U.S. federal excise tax. We made quarterly distributions to our stockholders for the first four full
quarters subsequent to our IPO. To the extent we have income available, we have made and intend to make monthly distributions thereafter.
Our monthly stockholder distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board on a quarterly basis. Any distribution to our stockholders
will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. 

We may not be able to achieve operating results
that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of our distributions from time to time.
In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage requirements applicable to us as
a BDC under the 1940 Act. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences,
including the possible loss of our qualification as a RIC. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions. 

To the extent our taxable earnings fall below
the total amount of our distributions for that fiscal year, a portion of those distributions may be deemed a return of capital
to our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, the source of a distribution to our stockholders may be the original
capital invested by the stockholder rather than our income or gains. Stockholders should read any written disclosure accompanying
any stockholder distribution carefully and should not assume that the source of any distribution is our ordinary income or capital
gains. 

We have adopted an  opt out  dividend
reinvestment plan ( DRIP ) for our common stockholders. As a result, if we declare a distribution, then stockholders 
cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock unless a stockholder specifically
 opts out  of our DRIP. If a stockholder opts out, that stockholder will receive cash distributions. Although distributions
paid in the form of additional shares of our common stock will generally be subject to U.S. federal, state and local taxes in the
same manner as cash distributions, stockholders participating in our DRIP will not receive any corresponding cash distributions
with which to pay any such applicable taxes. 

The following tables summarize our distributions
declared and distributed since the IPO through September 30, 2016: 

(1)  On February 26, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors declared a special distribution of $0.50 per share of the Company s
common stock, which was paid monthly over the remainder of 2015.   

Related Parties  

We have entered into the Investment Advisory
Agreement with the Investment Advisor. Mr. Alala, our chief executive officer, president and chairman of our Board, is the managing
partner and chief investment officer of the Investment Advisor, and Mr. Broyhill, a member of our Board, has an indirect controlling
interest in the Investment Advisor. 

In addition, an affiliate of the Investment
Advisor also manages CapitalSouth Partners SBIC Fund IV, L.P. ( Fund IV ); a private investment limited partnership
providing financing solutions to smaller and lower middle-market companies that had its first closing in March 2013 and obtained
SBA approval for its SBIC license in April 2013. In addition to Fund IV, affiliates of the Investment Advisor may manage several
affiliated funds whereby institutional limited partners in Fund IV have the opportunity to co-invest with Fund IV in portfolio
investments. An affiliate of the Investment Advisor also manages Capitala Private Credit Fund V, L.P. ( Fund V ); a
private investment limited partnership providing financing solutions to the lower middle-market and traditional middle-market.
The Investment Advisor and its affiliates may also manage other funds in the future that may have investment mandates that are
similar, in whole and in part, with ours. To the extent permitted by the 1940 Act and interpretation of the SEC staff, the Investment
Advisor and its affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other funds. In
such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, the Investment Advisor or its affiliates
may determine that we should invest side-by-side with one or more other funds. Any such investments will be made only to the extent
permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, and consistent with the Investment Advisor s
allocation procedures. We do not expect to make co-investments, or otherwise compete for investment opportunities, with Fund IV
because its focus and investment strategy differ from our own. However, we do expect to make co-investments with Fund V given its
similar investment strategy. 

On September 10, 2015, we, Fund II, Fund III,
Fund V, and the Investment Advisor filed an application for exemptive relief with the SEC to permit an investment fund and one
or more other affiliated investment funds, including future affiliated investment funds, to participate in the same investment
opportunities through a proposed co-investment program where such participation would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act.
On June 1, 2016, the SEC issued an order permitting this relief. This exemptive relief is subject to certain conditions designed
to ensure that the participation by one investment fund in a co-investment transaction would not be on a basis different from or
less advantageous than that of other affiliated investment funds. 

On August 31, 2016, the Company
sold assets to FSC II in exchange for 100% of the partnership interests in FSC II. Concurrent with the sale of these assets
to FSC II, the Company received cash consideration of $47.6 million from an affiliated third-party purchaser in exchange for
100% of the partnership interests of FSC II. The Company s Board of Directors pre-approved this transaction pursuant to
Section 57(f) of the 1940 Act. Capitala Advisors Corp., the Company s administrator, also serves as the administrator
to FSC II.  

We have entered into a license agreement with
the Investment Advisor, pursuant to which the Investment Advisor has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to
use the name  Capitala.  

We have entered into the Administration Agreement
with our Administrator. Pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement, our Administrator provides us with the office facilities
and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. Mr. Alala, our chief executive officer, president and
chairman of our Board, is the chief executive officer, president and a director of our Administrator. 

Off-balance sheet arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had outstanding unfunded commitments related to debt investments in existing portfolio companies of $0.0 million
and $4.4 million, respectively. 

We have no other off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Recent Developments  

Distributions   

On September 22,
2016, the Company s Board of Directors declared normal monthly distributions for October, November, and December of 2016
as set forth below: 

Portfolio Activity   

On November 3, 2016, we invested $22.5 million
in the senior secured debt of Vintage Stock, Inc. The senior secured debt has a cash rate of LIBOR + 12.5%, with a 0.5% floor and
a PIK rate of 3.0%. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk  

We are subject to financial market risks,
including changes in interest rates. Changes in interest rates may affect both our cost of funding and our interest income from
portfolio investments and cash and cash equivalents. Our investment income will generally not be affected by changes in various
interest rates, including the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ), as assets and liabilities are fixed as of September
30, 2016. We may hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward
contracts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not engage in hedging
activities. 

As of September 30, 2016, we held 19 securities
bearing a variable rate of interest. Our variable rate investments represent approximately 39.7% of the fair value of total interest
earning investments. All variable rate securities are LIBOR based and are subject to interest rate floors. As of September 30,
2016, all variable rate securities were yielding interest at a rate equal to the established interest rate floor, with the exception
of a $16.5 million investment that is yielding above its existing floor. As of September 30, 2016, we had $38.0 million outstanding
on our Credit Facility, which has a variable rate of interest at LIBOR + 300 basis points. As of September 30, 2016, all of our
other interest paying liabilities, consisting of $170.7 million in SBA-guaranteed debentures and $113.4 million in notes payable,
were bearing interest at a fixed rate. 

Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change
in earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings,
our net investment income is affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As
a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect
on our net investment income. 

Based on our September 30, 2016 consolidated
statements of assets and liabilities, the following table shows the annual impact on net income (excluding the potential related
incentive fee impact) of base rate changes in interest rates (considering interest rate floors for variable rate securities) assuming
no changes in our investment and borrowing structure (dollars in thousands): 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

(a)      Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures     

As of September 30, 2016 (the end of the period
covered by this report), we, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of
the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended). Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required
to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However,
in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well
designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily
was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such possible controls and procedures. 

(b)      Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting     

Management has not identified any change in
the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the third quarter of 2016 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

None of us, our Investment Advisor or Administrator
or any of the Legacy Funds, are currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal
proceeding threatened against us, or against our Investment Advisor or Administrator. From time to time, we, our Investment Advisor
or Administrator, or any of the Legacy Funds may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including
proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these
legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon
our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

In addition to the other information set forth
in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which could materially affect our business, financial condition
and/or operating results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks we face. Additional risks
and uncertainties are not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition and/or operating results. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there have been no
material changes from the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
of Proceeds  

During the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
we issued 21,523 shares of common stock under our dividend reinvestment plan. The issuances were not subject to the registration
requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The cash paid for shares of common stock issued under our dividend reinvestment
plan during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $0.3 million. Other than the shares issued under our dividend
reinvestment plan during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we did not sell any unregistered equity securities. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

The following exhibits are filed as part of
this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

Exhibit   

Number   
       
       Description of Document    
 
      3.1  
       
      Articles of Amendment and Restatement  (1)    

3.2  
       
      Certificate of Limited Partnership of CapitalSouth Partners Fund II Limited Partnership  (2)    

3.3  
       
      Certificate of Limited Partnership of CapitalSouth Partners SBIC Fund III, L.P.  (2)    

3.4  
       
      Bylaws  (1)    

3.5  
       
      Form of Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of CapitalSouth Partners Fund II Limited Partnership  (3)    

3.6  
       
      Form of Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of CapitalSouth Partners SBIC Fund III, L.P.  (3)    

4.1  
       
      Form of Common Stock Certificate  (1)    

4.2  
       
      Form of Base Indenture  (4)    

4.3  
       
      Form of First Supplemental Indenture  (4)    

4.4  
       
      Form of Global Note (included as Exhibit A to the Form of First Supplemental Indenture)  (4)    

10.1  
       
      Form of Dividend Reinvestment Plan  (1)    

10.2  
       
      Form of Investment Advisory Agreement by and between Registrant and Capitala Investment Advisors, LLC  (1)    

10.3  
       
      Form of Custodian Agreement  (1)    

10.4  
       
      Form of Administration Agreement by and between Registrant and Capitala Advisors Corp.  (1)    

10.5  
       
      Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Registrant and each of its directors  (1)    

10.6  
       
      Form of Trademark License Agreement by and between Registrant and Capitala Investment Advisors, LLC  (1)    

10.7  
       
      Form of Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated October 17, 2014, among Capitala Finance Corp., as Borrower, the lenders party thereto, and ING Capital LLC, as Administrative Agent, Arranger and Bookrunner  (5)    

10.8  
       
       Form of Guarantee, Pledge and Security Agreement dated October 17, 2014, among Capitala Finance Corp., as Borrower, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, ING Capital LLC, as Revolving Administrative Agent for the Revolving Lenders and as Collateral Agent, and each Financing Agent and Designated Indebtedness Holder party thereto  (5)    

10.9  
       
      Form of Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated January 6, 2015, relating to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2014, among Capitala Finance Corp., as borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent, arranger and bookrunner  (6)    

10.10  
       
      First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Capitala Senior Liquid Loan Fund I, LLC, dated March 24, 2015  (7)    

10.11  
       
      Form of Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated August 19, 2015, relating to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2014, among Capitala Finance Corp., as borrower, the lenders from time party thereto, and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent, arranger, and bookrunner  (8)    

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

Date: November 8, 2016  
      By  
      /s/ Joseph B. Alala III    

Joseph B. Alala III   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)    

Capitala Finance Corp.   

Date: November 8, 2016  
      By  
      /s/ Stephen A. Arnall   

Stephen A. Arnall   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

Capitala Finance Corp.   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452324_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

   Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14 of the securities exchange act of 1934, as adopted   

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Joseph B. Alala III, certify
that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Capitala Finance Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation;   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Joseph B. Alala III   

Joseph B. Alala III   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)    

Capitala Finance Corp.   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452324_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

   Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14 of the securities exchange act of 1934, as adopted   

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Stephen A. Arnall, certify
that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Capitala Finance Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation;   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Stephen A. Arnall   

Stephen A. Arnall   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

Capitala Finance Corp.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452324_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Joseph B. Alala III, Chief Executive Officer,
in connection with the Quarterly Report of Capitala Finance Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Quarterly
Report ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; and   

2.  The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Joseph B. Alala III   

Joseph B. Alala III   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)    

Capitala Finance Corp.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452324_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Stephen A. Arnall, Chief Financial Officer,
in connection with the Quarterly Report of Capitala Finance Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Quarterly Report ),
certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; and   

2.  The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Stephen A. Arnall   

Stephen A. Arnall   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

Capitala Finance Corp.   

</EX-32.2>

