<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_69633_0001144204-16-132116_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4043718</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76670</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>229766</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>998572</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1908608</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>760627</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>41</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132116.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107165643
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132116
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NAPCO SECURITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000069633
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669]
		IRS NUMBER:				112277818
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10004
		FILM NUMBER:		161978798

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 BAYVIEW AVE
		CITY:			AMITYVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		631-842-9400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 BAYVIEW AVE
		STREET 2:		XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
		CITY:			AMITYVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NAPCO SECURITY SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132116.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 v451540_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT
                                         PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION
                                         PERIOD FROM                 
                                          TO                  .   

NAPCO
    SECURITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  
       
      11-2277818   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (IRS Employer Identification   
 
      incorporation of organization)  
       
      Number)   

333 Bayview Avenue  

Amityville,
    New York  
         
      11701   
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

(631) 842-9400  

(Registrant s telephone number including area code)  

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year if  

changed from last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days:  

  Yes   x     No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files).   

  Yes    x    No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of
 large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act: 

Large Accelerated Filer        
      Accelerated Filer  
         
      Non-Accelerated Filer        
      Smaller reporting company   x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): 

Yes  
         
      No  
      x  

Number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of:    November 4, 2016 

COMMON STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE PER SHARE         18,798,838 

NAPCO SECURITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Page   
 
       PART I:   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
       Financial Statements (unaudited, except where noted)   

NAPCO SECURITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                                    AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 (audited)   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      5   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      6   

ITEM 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      17   

ITEM 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      20   

ITEM 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      21   

PART II:   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      21   

ITEM 6.  
       Exhibits   
      21   

SIGNATURE PAGE   
      22   

PART I:      FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.     Financial Statements 

NAPCO SECURITY TECHNOLOGIES,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

NAPCO SECURITY TECHNOLOGIES,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF INCOME (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

NAPCO SECURITY TECHNOLOGIES,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

NAPCO SECURITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

Nature of Business : 

Napco Security Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the  Company )
is a diversified manufacturer of security products, encompassing access control systems, door-locking products, intrusion and
fire alarm systems and video surveillance products for commercial and residential use. These products are used for commercial,
residential, institutional, industrial and governmental applications, and are sold worldwide principally to independent distributors,
dealers and installers of security equipment. 

The Company's fiscal year begins on July
1 and ends on June 30. Historically, the end users of the Company's products want to install its products prior to the summer;
therefore sales of its products historically peak in the period April 1 through June 30, the Company's fiscal fourth quarter,
and are reduced in the period July 1 through September 30, the Company's fiscal first quarter. In addition, demand is affected
by the housing and construction markets. 

Significant Accounting Policies : 

Principles of Consolidation 

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of
the Company, including these notes, have been prepared by the Company in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
( GAAP ) for interim financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Accordingly, certain information and disclosures normally included in financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted or condensed. However, in the opinion of management, all adjustments
(consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. These unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements
for the year ended June 30, 2016 and the notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
SEC on September 8, 2016. Results of consolidated operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of a full year s
operating results. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements herein include the accounts of the Company and its
wholly owned subsidiaries. All material inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent gains and losses at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Critical estimates
include management's judgments associated with reserves for sales returns and allowances, concentration of credit risk, inventory
reserves, intangible assets and income taxes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The methods and assumptions used to estimate
the fair value of the following classes of financial instruments were: Current Assets and Current Liabilities - The carrying amount
of cash, certificates of deposits, current receivables and payables and certain other short-term financial instruments approximate
their fair value as of September 30, 2016 due to their short-term maturities; Long-Term Debt - The carrying amount of the Company s
long-term debt, including the current portion, at September 30, 2016 in the amount of $3,925,000 approximates fair value. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents include approximately
$460,000 of short-term time deposits at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. The Company considers all highly liquid investments
with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company has cash balances in banks in excess of the
maximum amount insured by the FDIC and other international agencies as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. The Company has
historically not experienced any credit losses with balances in excess of FDIC limits 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable is stated net of the
reserves for doubtful accounts of $140,000 and $145,000 and for returns and other allowances of $1,186,000 and $1,255,000 as of
September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively. Our reserves for doubtful accounts and for returns and other allowances are
subjective critical estimates that have a direct impact on reported net earnings. These reserves are based upon the evaluation
of our accounts receivable aging, specific exposures, sales levels and historical trends. 

Inventories 

Inventories are valued at the lower of
cost or fair market value, with cost being determined on the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. The reported net value of inventory
includes finished saleable products, work-in-process and raw materials that will be sold or used in future periods. Inventory
costs include raw materials, direct labor and overhead. The Company s overhead expenses are applied based, in part, upon
estimates of the proportion of those expenses that are related to procuring and storing raw materials as compared to the manufacture
and assembly of finished products. These proportions, the method of their application, and the resulting overhead included in
ending inventory, are based in part on subjective estimates and actual results could differ from those estimates. 

In addition, the Company records an inventory
obsolescence reserve, which represents any excess of the cost of the inventory over its estimated market value, based on various
product sales projections. This reserve is calculated using an estimated obsolescence percentage applied to the inventory based
on age, historical trends, requirements to support forecasted sales, and the ability to find alternate applications of its raw
materials and to convert finished product into alternate versions of the same product to better match customer demand. In addition,
and as necessary, the Company may establish specific reserves for future known or anticipated events. There is inherent professional
judgment and subjectivity made by both production and engineering members of management in determining the estimated obsolescence
percentage. 

The Company also regularly reviews the
period over which its inventories will be converted to sales. Any inventories expected to convert to sales beyond 12 months
from the balance sheet date are classified as non-current. 

Property, Plant, and Equipment 

Property, plant, and equipment are carried
at cost less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred; costs of major
renewals and improvements are capitalized. At the time property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and
accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the asset and accumulated depreciation accounts and the profit or loss on such disposition
is reflected in income. 

Depreciation is recorded over the estimated
service lives of the related assets using primarily the straight-line method. Amortization of leasehold improvements is calculated
by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset or lease term, whichever is shorter. 

Intangible Assets 

Intangible assets determined to have indefinite
lives are not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually. Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over
their useful lives. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually at the Company s fiscal year end of
June 30 or more often whenever there is an indication that the carrying amount may not be recovered. 

The Company s acquisition of substantially
all of the assets and certain liabilities of G. Marks Hardware, Inc. ( Marks ) in August 2008 included intangible
assets recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition. The intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives
of twenty years (customer relationships) and seven years (non-compete agreement). The Marks trade name was deemed to have an indefinite
life. 

Changes in intangible assets are as follows
(in thousands): 

Amortization expense for intangible assets
subject to amortization was approximately $110,000 and $137,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Amortization expense for each of the next five fiscal years is estimated to be as follows: 2017 - $441,000; 2018 - $371,000; 2019
- $313,000 and 2020 - $264,000 and 2021 - $223,000. The weighted average amortization period for intangible assets was 11.9 years
and 12.9 years at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets in question may not be recoverable.
Impairment would be recorded in circumstances where undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by an asset are less than
the carrying value of that asset. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue when the
following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an agreement exists, (ii) there is a fixed and determinable price for the
Company's product or service, (iii) shipment and passage of title occurs or service has been provided, and (iv) collectability
is reasonably assured. Revenues from product sales are recorded at the time the product is shipped or delivered to the customer
pursuant to the terms of the sale. Revenues for services are recorded at the time the service is provided to the customer pursuant
to the terms of sale. The Company reports its sales on a net sales basis, with net sales being computed by deducting from gross
sales the amount of actual sales returns and other allowances and the amount of reserves established for anticipated sales returns
and other allowances. 

Sales Returns and Other Allowances 

The Company analyzes sales returns and
is able to make reasonable and reliable estimates of product returns based on the Company s past history. Estimates for
sales returns are based on several factors including actual returns and based on expected return data communicated to it by its
customers. Accordingly, the Company believes that its historical returns analysis is an accurate basis for its allowance for sales
returns. Actual results could differ from those estimates. As a percentage of gross sales, sales returns, rebates and allowances
were 9% and 7% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Advertising and Promotional Costs 

Advertising and promotional costs are
included in  Selling, General and Administrative  expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and are expensed
as incurred. Advertising expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $674,000 and $558,000, respectively. 

Research and Development Costs 

Research and development costs incurred
by the Company are charged to expense as incurred and are included in  Cost of Sales  in the consolidated statements
of operations. Company-sponsored research and development expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,628,000
and $1,489,000, respectively. 

Income Taxes 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. Deferred income tax expense represents the change during the period in the deferred tax assets and
deferred tax liabilities. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified as current and
non-current based on their characteristics. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management,
it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company measures and
recognizes the tax implications of positions taken or expected to be taken in its tax returns on an ongoing basis. 

Net Income Per Share 

Basic net income per common share (Basic
EPS) is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net income per common
share (Diluted EPS) is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common share
equivalents and convertible securities then outstanding. 

The following provides a reconciliation
of information used in calculating the per share amounts for the three months ended September 30 (in thousands, except per share
data): 

Options to purchase 0 and 170,000 shares of common stock for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were not included in the computation of Diluted EPS because
their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. These options were still outstanding at the end of the respective periods. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company has established two share
incentive programs as discussed in Note 7. 

Stock-based compensation cost is measured
at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting
period. Determining the fair value of share-based awards at the grant date requires assumptions and judgments about expected volatility
and forfeiture rates, among other factors. 

Stock-based compensation costs of $33,000
and $32,000 was recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The effect on both Basic and Diluted
Earnings per share was $0.00 for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Foreign Currency 

All assets and liabilities of foreign
subsidiaries are translated into U.S. Dollars at fiscal period-end exchange rates. Income and expense items are translated at
average exchange rates prevailing during the fiscal year. The realized and unrealized gains and losses associated with foreign
currency translation, as well as related other comprehensive income, were not material for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015. 

Comprehensive Income 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company's operations did not give rise to material items includable in comprehensive income, which were not
already included in net income. Accordingly, the Company's comprehensive income approximates its net income for all periods presented. 

Segment Reporting 

The Company s reportable operating
segments are determined based on the Company's management approach. The management approach is based on the way that the chief
operating decision maker organizes the segments within an enterprise for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
The Company's results of operations are reviewed by the chief operating decision maker on a consolidated basis and the Company
operates in only one segment. The Company has presented required geographical data in Note 11, and no additional segment data
has been presented. 

Shipping and Handling Revenues and Costs 

The Company records the amount billed to
customers for shipping and handling in net sales ($139,000 and $131,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively) and classifies the costs associated with these revenues in cost of sales ($216,000 in each of the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015). 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued authoritative guidance that changes the way companies account for certain aspects of share-based payments
to employees. The most significant impact relates to the accounting for income tax effects of share-based compensation awards. 
This new guidance is part of the FASB s simplification initiative and requires that all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies
be recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement. In addition, companies are required to treat the tax effects
of exercised or vested awards as discrete items in the period that they occur.  Other updates include changing the threshold
on tax withholding requirements.  Under this guidance, an employer can withhold up to the maximum statutory withholding rates
in a jurisdiction without tainting the award classification.  Additionally, this guidance allows companies to elect a forfeiture
recognition method whereby they account for forfeitures as they occur (actual) or they estimate the number of awards expected
to be forfeited (current GAAP).  Lastly, as it relates to public entities, this guidance also provides requirements for the
cash flow classification of cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax-withholding purposes and excess
tax benefits.  This guidance becomes effective for the Company s fiscal 2018 first quarter, with early adoption permitted,
and the guidance prescribes different transition methods for the various provisions (i.e., retrospective, modified retrospective,
or prospective).  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of applying this guidance on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance
that requires lessees to account for most leases on their balance sheets with the liability being equal to the present value of
the lease payments.  The right-of-use asset will be based on the lease liability adjusted for certain costs such as direct
costs.  Lease expense will be recognized similar to current accounting guidance with operating leases resulting in a straight-line
expense and financing leases resulting in a front-loaded expense similar to the current accounting for capital leases.  This
guidance becomes effective for the Company s fiscal 2020 first quarter, with early adoption permitted.  This guidance
must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning
of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements, and provides for certain practical expedients.  The Company
is currently evaluating the timing, impact and method of applying this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . The amendments require
deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with related valuation allowances, to be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet.
As a result, each tax jurisdiction will now only have one net noncurrent deferred tax asset or liability. The new guidance does
not change the existing requirement that prohibits offsetting deferred tax liabilities from one jurisdiction against deferred tax
assets of another jurisdiction. ASU 2015-17 is effective for the Company s  fiscal year ended June 30, 2018. Early
application is permitted. We have not early adopted ASU 2015-17. The new guidance must be applied prospectively after the date
of adoption. We have evaluated the adoption of this ASU, and do not expect this to have a material effect on our consolidated results
of operations and financial condition. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  (ASU 2015-11). The amendments in ASU 2015-11 simplify
the subsequent measurement of inventory by requiring inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. ASU
2015-11 is effective for the Company s quarter ended September 30, 2017. Early application is permitted. We have not early
adopted ASU 2015-11. The new guidance must be applied prospectively after the date of adoption. We are in the process of evaluating
the adoption of this ASU, and do not expect this to have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial
condition. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued authoritative
guidance that defines how companies should report revenues from contracts with customers.  The standard requires an entity
to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  It provides companies with a single
comprehensive five-step principles-based model to use in accounting for revenue and supersedes current revenue recognition requirements,
including most industry-specific and transaction-specific revenue guidance.  In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective
date of the new revenue standard by one year.  As a result, the new standard would not be effective for the Company until
fiscal 2019.  In addition, the FASB is allowing companies to early adopt this guidance for the Company s fiscal 2018. 
The guidance permits an entity to apply the standard retrospectively to all prior periods presented, with certain practical expedients,
or apply the requirements in the year of adoption, through a cumulative adjustment.  The Company will apply this new guidance
when it becomes effective and has not yet selected a transition method.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of
adoption on its consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE
2 - Business and Credit Concentrations   

An entity is more vulnerable to concentrations
of credit risk if it is exposed to risk of loss greater than it would have had if it mitigated its risk through diversification
of customers. Such risks of loss manifest themselves differently, depending on the nature of the concentration, and vary in significance.
The Company had one customer with an accounts receivable balance that comprised 25% and 22% of the Company s accounts receivable
at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively. Sales to this customer comprised 14% and 9% of net sales in each of the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

NOTE
3 - Inventories   

Inventories, net of reserves are valued
at lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market. The Company regularly reviews parts and finished goods inventories on
hand and, when necessary, records a provision for excess or obsolete inventories. The Company also regularly reviews the period
over which its inventories will be converted to sales. Any inventories expected to convert to sales beyond 12 months from
the balance sheet date are classified as non-current. 

Inventories, net of reserves consist of
the following (in thousands): 

Classification of inventories, net of reserves: 

NOTE 4   Property, Plant and Equipment  

Property, plant and equipment consist of the following (in
thousands): 

Depreciation and amortization expense
on property, plant, and equipment was $195,000 and $205,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 5 - Income Taxes   

The provision for income taxes represents
Federal, foreign, and state and local income taxes. The effective rate differs from statutory rates due to the effect of state
and local income taxes, tax rates in foreign jurisdictions, tax benefit of R D credits and certain nondeductible expenses.
Our effective tax rate will change from quarter to quarter based on recurring and non-recurring factors including, but not limited
to, the geographical mix of earnings, enacted tax legislation, and state and local income taxes. In addition, changes in judgment
from the evaluation of new information resulting in the recognition de-recognition or re-measurement of a tax position taken in
a prior annual period is recognized separately in the quarter of the change. 

The Company does not expect that our unrecognized
tax benefits will significantly change within the next twelve months. We file a consolidated U.S. income tax return and tax returns
in certain state and local and foreign jurisdictions. As of September 30, 2016 we remain subject to examination in all tax jurisdictions
for all relevant jurisdictional statutes for fiscal years 2013 and thereafter. 

The Company has identified its U.S. Federal
income tax return and its State return in New York as its major tax jurisdictions. 

NOTE
6 - Long-Term Debt   

As of September 30, 2016, long-term debt
consisted of a revolving credit facility of $11,000,000 (the  Revolving Credit Facility ) which expires in June 2021
and one loan for $6,000,000 which expires in June 2019 (the  Term Loan ). The Revolving Credit Facility had an expiration
date of June 2017 which was extended to June 2021 at the end of fiscal 2016. Repayment of the Term Loan commenced on September
30, 2012. The Term Loan is being repaid with 28 equal, quarterly payments of $75,000 plus any additional payments made at the
Company s discretion with the remaining balance of $1,100,000 due on or before the expiration date. 

Outstanding balances and interest rates
as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 are as follows: 

The Revolving Credit Facility and Term
Loans (collectively the  Agreement ) also provides for a LIBOR-based interest rate option of LIBOR plus 1.15% to 2.00%,
depending on the ratio of outstanding debt to EBITDA, which is to be measured and adjusted quarterly, a prime rate-based option
of the prime rate plus 0.25% and other terms and conditions as more fully described in the Agreement. In addition, the Agreement
provides for availability under the Revolving Credit Facility to be limited to the lesser of $11,000,000 or the result of a borrowing
base formula based upon the Company s Accounts Receivables and Inventory values net of certain deductions. The Company s
obligations under the Agreement continue to be secured by all of its assets, including but not limited to, deposit accounts, accounts
receivable, inventory, and the Company s corporate headquarters in Amityville, NY, equipment and fixtures and intangible
assets. In addition, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries, with the exception of the Company s foreign subsidiaries,
have issued guarantees and pledges of all of their assets to secure the Company s obligations under the Agreement. All of
the outstanding common stock of the Company s domestic subsidiaries and 65% of the common stock of the Company s foreign
subsidiaries has been pledged to secure the Company s obligations under the Agreement. 

The Agreement contains various restrictions
and covenants including, among others, restrictions on payment of dividends, restrictions on borrowings and compliance with certain
financial ratios, as defined in the Agreement. 

NOTE
7 - Stock Options   

The Company follows ASC 718 ( Share-Based
Payment ), which requires that all share based payments to employees, including stock options, be recognized as compensation
expense in the consolidated financial statements based on their fair values and over the requisite service period.  For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded non-cash compensation expense of $33,000 ($.00 per basic
and diluted share) and $32,000 ($.00 per basic and diluted share), respectively, relating to stock-based compensation. 

2012 Employee Stock Option Plan 

In December 2012, the stockholders approved
the 2012 Employee Stock Option Plan (the 2012 Employee Plan). The 2012 Employee Plan authorizes the granting of awards, the exercise
of which would allow up to an aggregate of 950,000 shares of the Company's common stock to be acquired by the holders of such
awards. Under this plan, the Company may grant stock options, which are intended to qualify as incentive stock options (ISOs),
to valued employees. Any plan participant who is granted ISOs and possesses more than 10% of the voting rights of the Company's
outstanding common stock must be granted an option with a price of at least 110% of the fair market value on the date of grant. 

Under the 2012 Employee Plan, stock options
may be granted to valued employees with a term of up to 10 years at an exercise price equal to or greater than the fair market
value on the date of grant and are exercisable, in whole or in part, at 20% per year beginning on the date of grant. An option
granted under this plan shall vest in full upon a  change in control  as defined in the plan. At September 30, 2016,
112,500 stock options were granted, 60,700 stock options were exercisable and 837,500 stock options were available for grant under
this plan. 

The following table reflects activity under
the 2012 Plan for the three months ended September 30,: 

The following table summarizes information
about stock options outstanding under the 2012 Employee Plan at September 30, 2016: 

As of September 30, 2016, there was $186,000
of unearned stock-based compensation cost related to share-based compensation arrangements granted under the 2012 Employee Plan.
No options were granted during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The total fair value of the options vesting during each
of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 under this plan was $16,000. 

2012 Non-Employee Stock Option Plan 

In December 2012, the stockholders approved
the 2012 Non-Employee Stock Option Plan (the 2012 Non-Employee Plan). This plan authorizes the granting of awards, the exercise
of which would allow up to an aggregate of 50,000 shares of the Company's common stock to be acquired by the holders of such awards.
Under this plan, the Company may grant stock options to non-employee directors and consultants to the Company and its subsidiaries. 

Under the 2012 Non-Employee Plan, stock
options may be granted with a term of up to 10 years at an exercise price equal to or greater than the fair market value on the
date of grant and are exercisable in whole or in part at 20% per year beginning on the date of grant. An option granted under
this plan shall vest in full upon a  change in control  as defined in the plan. At September 30, 2016, 35,000 stock
options were granted, 24,000 stock options were exercisable and 15,000 stock options were available for grant under this plan. 

The following table reflects activity
under the 2012 Non-Employee Plan for the three months ended September 30,: 

The following table summarizes information
about stock options outstanding under the 2012 Non-Employee Plan at September 30, 2016: 

As of September 30, 2016, there was $34,000
of unearned stock-based compensation cost related to share-based compensation arrangements granted under the 2012 Non-Employee
Plan. No options were granted during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The total fair value of the options vesting during
each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 under this plan was $16,000. 

2002 Employee Stock Option Plan 

In December 2002, the stockholders approved
the 2002 Employee Stock Option Plan (the 2002 Employee Plan). This plan expired in October 2012. This plan authorized the granting
of awards, the exercise of which would allow up to an aggregate of 1,836,000 shares of the Company's common stock to be acquired
by the holders of such awards. Under this plan, the Company may have granted stock options, which were intended to qualify as
incentive stock options (ISOs), to key employees. Any plan participant who was granted ISOs and possessed more than 10% of the
voting rights of the Company's outstanding common stock must have been granted an option with a price of at least 110% of the
fair market value on the date of grant. 

Under the 2002 Employee Plan, stock options
have been granted to key employees with a term of 10 years at an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of
grant and are exercisable in whole or in part at 20% per year from the date of grant. At September 30, 2016, 1,471,480 stock options
had been granted and 140,000 stock options were exercisable. No further stock options were available for grant under this plan
after the plans expiration in October 2012. 

The following table reflects activity
under the 2002 Employee plan for the three months ended September 30,: 

No stock options were exercised during
either of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. No cash was received from option exercises during either of the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the actual tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from option exercises
was $0 for each of these periods. 

The following table summarizes information
about stock options outstanding under the 2002 Employee Plan at September 30, 2016: 

NOTE 8   Stockholders 
Equity Transactions  

On September 16, 2014 the Company s
board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1 million of the approximately 19.4 million shares of the Company s
common stock outstanding. The repurchase will be made from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
subject to market conditions and the market price of the common stock. Relative to the Loan Agreement described in Note 6, the
Company s lender gave its consent to this stock repurchase plan. No shares were purchased under this plan during the three
months ended September 30, 2016. 

NOTE
9 - 401(k) Plan    

The Company maintains a 401(k) plan ( the
Plan ) that covers all U.S. non-union employees with one or more years of service and is qualified under Sections 401(a)
and 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Company contributions to this plan are discretionary and totaled $28,000 and $28,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

NOTE
10 - Commitments and Contingencies   

Leases 

The Company is committed under various
operating leases, not including the land lease discussed below, which do not extend beyond fiscal 2019 .  

Rent expense, with the exception of the
land lease referred to below, totaled approximately $6,000 and $7,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

Land Lease 

On April 26, 1993, one of the Company's
foreign subsidiaries entered into a 99 year lease, expiring in 2092, for approximately four acres of land in the Dominican Republic
at an annual cost of $288,000, on which the Company's principal production facility is located. 

Litigation 

In the normal course of business, the
Company is a party to claims and/or litigation. Management believes that the settlement of such claims and/or litigation, considered
in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position and results of operations. 

Employment Agreements 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company was
obligated under three employment agreements and one severance agreement. The employment agreements are with the Company s
CEO, Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing ( the SVP of Sales ) and the Senior Vice President of Engineering
( the SVP of Engineering ). The employment agreement with the CEO provides for an annual salary of $670,000, as adjusted
for inflation; incentive compensation as may be approved by the Board of Directors from time to time and a termination payment
in an amount up to 299% of the average of the prior five calendar year's compensation, subject to certain limitations, as defined
in the agreement. The employment agreement renews annually in August unless either party gives the other notice of non-renewal
at least six months prior to the end of the applicable term. The employment agreement with the SVP of Sales expires in October
2017 and provides for an annual salary of $315,000, a bonus arrangement for fiscal 2016 and, if terminated by the Company without
cause, severance of nine months  salary and continued company-sponsored health insurance for six months from the date of
termination. The employment agreement with the SVP of Engineering expires in August 2018 and provides for an annual salary of $285,000,
a bonus arrangement and, if terminated by the Company without cause, severance of nine month s salary and continued company-sponsored
health insurance for six months from the date of termination. The severance agreement is with the Senior Vice President of Operations
and Finance and provides for, if terminated by the Company without cause or within three months of a change in corporate control
of the Registrant, severance of nine month s salary, continued company-sponsored health insurance for six months from the
date of termination and certain non-compete and other restrictive provisions. Each of the severance agreements with the SVP of
Sales, the SVP of Engineering and the Senior Vice President of Operations and Finance contains non-compete restrictions for three
years after the employee s termination of employment .  

NOTE
11 - Geographical Data   

The Company is engaged in one major line
of business: the development, manufacture, and distribution of access control systems, door security products, intrusion and fire
alarm systems and video surveillance products for commercial and residential use. Sales to unaffiliated customers are primarily
shipped from the United States. The Company has customers worldwide with major concentrations in North America. 

Financial Information Relating
to Domestic and Foreign Operations  

(1) All of the Company's sales originate
in the United States and are shipped primarily from the Company's facilities in the United States. There were no sales into any
one foreign country in excess of 10% of total Net Sales. 

(2) Consists primarily of inventories
(September 30, 2016 = $10,666, June 30, 2016 = $10,076) and fixed assets (September 30, 2016 = $3,223, June 30, 2016 = $3,311)
located at the Company's principal manufacturing facility in the Dominican Republic. 

Item 2.   Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and
the information incorporated by reference may include  Forward-Looking Statements  within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act of 1934. The Company intends the Forward-Looking Statements to
be covered by the Safe Harbor Provisions for Forward-Looking Statements. All statements regarding the Company's expected financial
position and operating results, its business strategy, its financing plans and the outcome of any contingencies are Forward-Looking
Statements. The Forward-Looking Statements are based on current estimates and projections about our industry and our business.
Words such as  anticipates,   expects,   intends,   plans,   believes,   seeks, 
 estimates,  or variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such Forward-Looking Statements.
The Forward-Looking Statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those set forth or implied by any Forward-Looking Statements. For example, the Company is highly dependent on its Chief Executive
Officer for strategic planning. If he is unable to perform his services for any significant period of time, the Company's ability
to grow could be adversely affected. In addition, factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Forward-Looking
Statements include, but are not limited to, uncertain economic, military and political conditions in the world, our ability to
maintain and develop competitive products, adverse tax consequences of offshore operations, the ability to maintain adequate financing
and significant fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Dominican Peso and the U.S. Dollar. The Company s Risk Factors
are discussed in more detail in Item 1A in the Company s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

The Company is a diversified manufacturer of security products,
encompassing access control systems, door security products, intrusion and fire alarm systems and video surveillance products
for commercial and residential use. These products are used for commercial, residential, institutional, industrial and governmental
applications, and are sold worldwide principally to independent distributors, dealers and installers of security equipment. International
sales accounted for approximately 3% of our revenues for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The Company owns and operates manufacturing
facilities in Amityville, New York and the Dominican Republic. A significant portion of our operating costs are fixed, and do
not fluctuate with changes in production levels or utilization of our manufacturing capacity. As production levels rise and factory
utilization increases, the fixed costs are spread over increased output, which may contribute to increasing profit margins. Conversely,
when production levels decline our fixed costs are spread over reduced levels, which may contribute to decreasing margins. 

The security products market is characterized
by constant incremental innovation in product design and manufacturing technologies. Generally, the Company devotes 6-8% of revenues
to research and development (R D) on an annual basis. The Company does not expect products resulting from our R D investments
in fiscal 2017 to contribute materially to revenue during fiscal 2017, but should benefit the Company over future years. In general,
the new products introduced by the Company are initially shipped in limited quantities, and increase over time. Prices and manufacturing
costs tend to decline over time as products and technologies mature 

Economic and Other Factors 

We are subject to the effects of general
economic and market conditions. In the event that the U.S. or international economic conditions deteriorate, our revenue, profit
and cash-flow levels could be materially adversely affected in future periods. In the event of such deterioration, many of our
current or potential future customers may experience serious cash flow problems and as a result may, modify, delay or cancel purchases
of our products. Additionally, customers may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable that are owed to
us. If such events do occur, they may result in our expenses being too high in relation to our revenues and cash flows. 

Seasonality 

The Company's fiscal year begins on July
1 and ends on June 30. Historically, the end users of Napco's products want to install its products prior to the summer; therefore
sales of its products historically peak in the period April 1 through June 30, the Company's fiscal fourth quarter, and are reduced
in the period July 1 through September 30, the Company's fiscal first quarter. In addition, demand is affected by the housing
and construction markets. Deterioration of the current economic conditions may also affect this trend. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The Company's significant accounting policies
are fully described in Note 1 to the Company's consolidated financial statements included in its 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Management
believes the following critical accounting policies, among others, affect its more significant judgments and estimates used in
the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue when the following
criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an agreement exists, (ii) there is a fixed and determinable price for the Company's
product or service, (iii) shipment and passage of title occurs or service has been provided, and (iv) collectability is reasonably
assured. Revenues from product sales are recorded at the time the product is shipped or delivered to the customer pursuant to
the terms of the sale. Revenues for services are recorded at the time the service is provided to the customer pursuant to the
terms of sale. The Company reports its sales on a net sales basis, with net sales being computed by deducting from gross sales
the amount of actual sales returns and other allowances and the amount of reserves established for anticipated sales returns and
other allowances. 

The Company analyzes sales returns and is able to
make reasonable and reliable estimates of product returns based on the Company s past history. Estimates for sales returns
are based on several factors including actual returns and based on expected return data communicated to it by its customers. Accordingly,
the Company believes that its historical returns analysis is an accurate basis for its allowance for sales returns. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

An entity is more vulnerable
to concentrations of credit risk if it is exposed to risk of loss greater than it would have had if it mitigated its risk through
diversification of customers. Such risks of loss manifest themselves differently, depending on the nature of the concentration,
and vary in significance. The Company had one customer with an accounts receivable balance that comprised 25% and 22% of the Company s
accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively. Sales to this customer comprised 14% and 9% of net
sales in each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

In the ordinary course of business,
we have established a reserve for doubtful accounts and customer deductions in the amount of $140,000 and $145,000 as of September
30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively. Our reserve for doubtful accounts is a subjective critical estimate that has a direct
impact on reported net earnings. This reserve is based upon the evaluation of accounts receivable agings, specific exposures and
historical or anticipated events. 

Inventories 

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or fair
market value, with cost being determined on the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. The reported net value of inventory includes
finished saleable products, work-in-process and raw materials that will be sold or used in future periods. Inventory costs include
raw materials, direct labor and overhead. The Company s overhead expenses are applied based, in part, upon estimates of
the proportion of those expenses that are related to procuring and storing raw materials as compared to the manufacture and assembly
of finished products. These proportions, the method of their application, and the resulting overhead included in ending inventory,
are based in part on subjective estimates and actual results could differ from those estimates. 

In addition, the Company records
an inventory obsolescence reserve, which represents the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated market
value, based on various product sales projections. This reserve is calculated using an estimated obsolescence percentage applied
to the inventory based on age, historical trends, requirements to support forecasted sales, and the ability to find alternate
applications of its raw materials and to convert finished product into alternate versions of the same product to better match
customer demand. There is inherent professional judgment and subjectivity made by both production and engineering members of management
in determining the estimated obsolescence percentage. In addition, and as necessary, the Company may establish specific reserves
for future known or anticipated events. The Company also regularly reviews the period over which its inventories will be converted
to sales. Any inventories expected to convert to sales beyond 12 months from the balance sheet date are classified as non-current. 

Intangible Assets 

The Company evaluates its Intangible
Assets for impairment at least on an annual basis and will evaluate them earlier if there are indicators of a potential impairment.
Those intangible assets that are classified as goodwill or as other intangibles with indefinite lives are not amortized. Impairment
testing is performed in two steps: (i) the Company determines if there is impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting
unit with its carrying value, and (ii) if there is impairment, the Company measures the amount of impairment loss by comparing
the implied fair value of intangible assets with the carrying amount of the intangible assets. 

Income Taxes 

The Company has identified
the United States and New York State as its major tax jurisdictions. The fiscal 2012 and forward years are still open for examination. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company recognized a net income tax expense of $124,000. During the three months ended September 30, 2016
the Company increased its reserve for uncertain income tax positions by $29,000. The Company s practice is to recognize
interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense and accrued income taxes. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company had accrued interest totaling $0 and $177,000 of unrecognized net tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably
affect the Company s effective income tax rate in any future period. The Company uses the flow through method to account
for investment tax credits earned on eligible research and development expenditures. Under this method, the investment tax credits
are recognized as a reduction to income tax expense. 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. Deferred income tax expense represents the change during the period in the deferred tax assets and
deferred tax liabilities. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified as current and
non-current based on their characteristics. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management,
it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company measures and
recognizes the tax implications of positions taken or expected to be taken in its tax returns on an ongoing basis. 

Results of Operations  

Sales for the three months ended September
30, 2016 increased by $2,019,000 to $20,168,000 as compared to $18,149,000 for the same period a year ago. The increase in sales
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due primarily to increased sales of the Company s intrusion products ($1,384,000)
and door-locking products ($803,000) as partially offset by decreased sales of access control products ($168,000). Sales of the
Company s intrusion products increased primarily from increased sales of its wireless products. Sales of the Company s
door-locking products increased primarily from an increase in commercial and industrial installations of the Company s digital
lock products. 

Gross profit for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 increased to $6,452,000 or 32.0% of sales as compared to $5,637,000 or 31.1% of sales for the same period a
year ago. The increase in gross profit for the three months was primarily due to the increases in sales as partially offset by
higher Research and Development expenditures. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $423,000 to $5,736,000 from $5,313,000 for the same period a year ago.
Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased to 28.4% for the three months ended September
30, 2016 from 29.3% for the same period a year ago. The decrease as a percentage of sales is due primarily to the increase in
net sales as partially offset by the increase in dollars. The increase in dollars for the three months was due primarily from
increased advertising and the addition of selling personnel. 

Interest expense, net for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $29,000 to $24,000 as compared to $53,000 for the same period a year ago. The decrease in
interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 resulted from lower average outstanding debt during the current
periods as compared to the same periods a year ago. 

The Company s provision for income
taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $168,000 to $124,000 as compared to a benefit of $44,000 for
the same period a year ago. The change in the provision for income taxes for the three months was caused primarily by the increase
in income before taxes as compared to the same period a year ago as well as by the reversal of a liability during the three months
ended September 30, 2015 that was no longer required relating to foreign source income. As a result, the Company s effective
rate for income tax was 18% and (16)% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Net income increased by $253,000 to $568,000
or $0.03 per diluted share for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $315,000 or $0.02 per diluted share for
the same period a year ago. The change in net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the items
described above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources      

During the three months ended September
30, 2016 the Company utilized a portion of its cash from operations ($1,009,000 of $1,919,000) to repay outstanding debt ($875,000)
and purchase property, plant and equipment ($134,000). The Company believes its current working capital, cash flows from operations
and its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to fund the Company s operations through the next twelve months. 

Accounts Receivable at September 30, 2016
decreased $1,701,000 to $17,311,000 as compared to $19,012,000 at June 30, 2016. This decrease is primarily the result of the
lower sales volume during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the quarter ended June 30, 2016, which is typically
the Company s highest. 

Inventories at September 30, 2016 increased
$467,000 to $25,804,000 as compared to $25,337,000 at June 30, 2016. This increase is primarily the result of the Company s
level-loading its production output throughout the year, whereas the Company s sales are typically highest in the fourth
quarter. 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses decreased $280,000 to
$8,408,000 as of September 30, 2016 as compared to $8,688,000 at June 30, 2016. This decrease was due primarily to higher levels
of material purchases and selling expenses during the quarter ended June 30, 2016 as compared to the quarter ended September 30,
2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, long-term debt
consisted of a revolving credit facility of $11,000,000 (the  Revolving Credit Facility ) which expires in June 2021
and a term loan for $6,000,000 which expires in June 2019. Repayment of the Term Loan commenced on September 30, 2012 and is being
repaid with 28 equal, quarterly payments of $75,000 plus any additional payments made at the Company s discretion with the
remaining balance of $1,100,000 due on or before the expiration date. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $2,000,000 in
outstanding borrowings and $9,000,000 in availability under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Company s long-term debt
is described more fully in Note 6 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

The agreements contain various restrictions
and covenants including, among others, restrictions on payment of dividends, restrictions on borrowings and compliance with certain
financial ratios, as defined in the restated agreement. 

As of September 30,
2016 the Company had no material commitments for capital expenditures or inventory purchases other than purchase orders issued
in the normal course of business. 

ITEM 3: Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk   

The Company's principal financial instrument
is long-term debt (consisting of a revolving credit facility and term loans) that provides for interest based on the prime rate
or LIBOR as described in the agreement. The Company is affected by market risk exposure primarily through the effect of changes
in interest rates on amounts payable by the Company under these credit facilities. At September 30, 2016, an aggregate principal
amount of approximately $3,925,000 was outstanding under the Company's credit facilities with a weighted average interest rate
of approximately 1.7%.   If principal amounts outstanding under the Company's credit facilities remained at this level for
an entire year and the interest rate increased or decreased, respectively, by 1% the Company would pay or save, respectively,
an additional $39,000 in interest that year. 

All foreign sales transactions by the
Company are denominated in U.S. dollars. As such, the Company has shifted foreign currency exposure onto its foreign customers.
As a result, if exchange rates move against foreign customers, the Company could experience difficulty collecting unsecured accounts
receivable, the cancellation of existing orders or the loss of future orders. The foregoing could materially adversely affect
the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. We are also exposed to foreign currency risk relative to
expenses incurred in Dominican Pesos ( RD$ ), the local currency of the Company's production facility in the Dominican
Republic. The result of a 10% strengthening or weakening in the U.S. dollar to the RD$ would result in an annual increase or decrease
in income from operations of approximately $630,000. 

ITEM 4: Controls and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management necessarily applied its judgment in assessing
the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures, which, by their nature, can provide only reasonable assurance regarding
management's control objectives. 

At the conclusion of the period ended
September 30, 2016, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective at September 30, 2016. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, there were no changes in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal controls over financial reporting.    

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors  

Information regarding the Company s
Risk Factors are set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. There has been no
material change in the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016 during
the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 6.    Exhibits  

31.1 
     Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of Richard
    L. Soloway, Chairman of the Board and President  

31.2 
     Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of Kevin S. Buchel,
    Senior Vice President of Operations and Finance  

32.1 
     Section 1350 Certifications  

101.INS 
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

November 7, 2016 

NAPCO SECURITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 (Registrant) 

By: 
       
     /s/ RICHARD L. SOLOWAY 

Richard L. Soloway 

Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Secretary 

(Chief Executive Officer) 

By: 
       
     /s/ KEVIN S. BUCHEL 

Kevin S. Buchel 

Senior Vice President of Operations and Finance and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

EXHIBITS  

Exhibit No.  
       
      Title  

Ex-31.1  
       
      Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of Richard L. Soloway, Chairman of the
    Board and President  

Ex-31.2  
       
      Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of Kevin S. Buchel, Senior Vice President
    of Operations and Finance  

Ex-32.1  
       
      Section 1350 Certifications  

Ex-101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document  

Ex-101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

Ex-101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

Ex-101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

Ex-101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

Ex-101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451540_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 

I, Richard Soloway, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of Napco Security Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/RICHARD SOLOWAY 

Richard Soloway 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451540_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 

I, Kevin S. Buchel, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of Napco Security Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/KEVIN S. BUCHEL 

Kevin S. Buchel 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451540_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Napco Security Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, RICHARD L. SOLOWAY, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, that to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 7, 2016 

/s/ RICHARD L. SOLOWAY 

Richard L. Soloway, Chief Executive Officer 

This certification accompanies the Report
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Napco Security Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, KEVIN S. BUCHEL, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, that to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 7, 2016 

/s/ KEVIN S. BUCHEL 

Kevin S. Buchel, Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies the Report
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 nssc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nssc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nssc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nssc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nssc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nssc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

