<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161229_10-K_edgar_data_812149_0001144204-16-141717_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2844404</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146387</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>200093</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>676202</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1174168</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>573666</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>67</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-141717.hdr.sgml : 20161229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161229152017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-141717
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Regional Brands Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000812149
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-LUMBER, PLYWOOD, MILLWORK & WOOD PANELS [5031]
		IRS NUMBER:				112831380
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-13110-NY
		FILM NUMBER:		162075021

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6060 PARKLAND BOULEVARD,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44124
		BUSINESS PHONE:		216-825-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6060 PARKLAND BOULEVARD,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	4NET SOFTWARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20021118

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	4NETWORLD COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000713

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEDTECH DIAGNOSTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970206

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-141717.txt : 20161229

10-K
 1
 v455635_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES  

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-K  

x      Annual
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities   

  Exchange Act of 1934  

For the fiscal year ended September 30,
2016  

or  

Transitional
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the   

  Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

For the transition period from __________
to ___________ 

Commission File Number: 33-131110-NY 

Regional Brands Inc.  

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
       22-1895668    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

(216) 825-4000   

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: None  

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act 

  Yes
       No
  x     

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

  Yes
  x    No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:  (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

  Yes
       No
  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files) 

  Yes
       No
  x     

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
Accelerated Filer            Accelerated
Filer            Non-Accelerated
Filer            Smaller
Reporting Company    x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).Yes        No
  x  

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and
asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter, was $158,164. 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share, was 1,274,598 as of December 14, 2016. 

Regional Brands Inc.  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 1.  
       BUSINESS   
      3   
 
      ITEM 1A.  
       RISK FACTORS   
     8  
 
      ITEM 1B.  
       UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   
      13   
 
      ITEM 2.  
       PROPERTIES   
      13   
 
      ITEM 3.  
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
      13   
 
      ITEM 4.  
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
      14   

ITEM 5.  
       MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED  STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
      14   
 
      ITEM 6.  
       SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   
      16   
 
      ITEM 7.  
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
      16   
 
      ITEM 7A.  
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
      20   
 
      ITEM 8.  
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   
      20   
 
      ITEM 9.  
       CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON  ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   
      20   
 
      ITEM 9A.  
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
      20   
 
      ITEM 9B.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      21   

ITEM 10.  
       DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   
      22   
 
      ITEM 11.  
       EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   
      24   
 
      ITEM 12.  
       SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND  MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   
      27   
 
      ITEM 13.  
       CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND  DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   
      28   
 
      ITEM 14.  
       PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   
      29   

PART IV  

ITEM 15.  
       EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   
      30   

SIGNATURES   
      33   

PART I  

ITEM 1 - BUSINESS  

Regional Brands Inc. (formerly 4net Software,
Inc.) ( Regional Brands , the  Company ,  we   our  and  us ) was incorporated
under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1986.and subsequently became a holding company.  In April 2016, in connection with
a change in control of the Company, we changed our name to Regional Brands Inc. Our corporate office is located at 6060 Parkland
Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio 44124 and our telephone number is (216) 825-4000. Our corporate website address is 
  http://www.regionalbrandsinc.com.   Information contained on our website is not a part of this annual report. 

Regional Brands Inc. is a holding company formed to acquire
substantial ownership in regional companies with strong brand recognition, stable revenues and profitability. Regional Brands has
been pursuing a business strategy whereby it was seeking to engage in an acquisition, merger or other business combination transaction
with undervalued businesses (each, a  Target Company ) with a history of operating revenues in markets that provide
opportunities for growth. After the acquisition of the business of B.R. Johnson, Inc. ( BRJ Inc. ) by our majority-owned
subsidiary, B.R. Johnson, LLC ( BRJ LLC ), we are currently focused on considering opportunities for growth of BRJ
LLC through utilizing its balance sheet to provide capital for additional acquisitions of companies that would be complementary
to BRJ LLC. Additionally, we may seek to acquire Target Companies that satisfy the following criteria: (1) established businesses
with viable services or products; (2) an experienced and qualified management team; (3) opportunities for growth and/or expansion
into other markets; (4) are accretive to earnings; (5) offer the opportunity to achieve and/or enhance profitability; and (6) increase
shareholder value. 

Forward Looking Information  

This report contains statements about future
events and expectations that are characterized as  forward-looking statements.   Forward-looking statements
are based upon management s beliefs, assumptions, and expectations.  Forward-looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance, and financial condition to be materially different from the expectations
of future results, performance, and financial condition we express or imply in such forward-looking statements.  You
are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.  We disclaim any intent or obligation to update
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Description of Acquisition  

On November 1, 2016, our majority-owned subsidiary, BRJ LLC,
acquired substantially all of the assets (the  Acquisition ) of BRJ Inc., a seller and distributor of windows, doors
and related hardware as well as specialty products for use in commercial and residential buildings (the  Business ). 

The Acquisition was consummated pursuant to
an Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016 (the  APA ). Total consideration for the Acquisition is approximately
$15.4 million (subject to customary working capital adjustments), including delivery by BRJ LLC of a promissory note for $2,500,000
to BRJ Inc. (the  Note ), which is subordinate to the Debt Agreements (as defined below). We provided $10.95 million
in debt and equity financing to complete the Acquisition, including $7.14 million of the Subordinated Loan (as defined below) and
$3.81 million in preferred equity of BRJ LLC. 

Concurrently with the closing of the Acquisition,
BRJ LLC entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility to borrow up to $6,000,000 (the  Credit Facility )
pursuant to that certain Credit and Security Agreement, dated November 1, 2016 (the  Credit Agreement ), with the lenders
named therein and KeyBank, N.A. as agent for such lenders. BRJ LLC also entered into that certain Loan and Security Agreement,
dated November 1, 2016 (the  Loan Agreement and, together with the Credit Facility, the  Debt Agreements ), pursuant
to which it received a $7,500,000 loan that is subordinate to the Credit Facility (the  Subordinated Loan ). To finance
the Acquisition and potential future acquisitions, we issued 894,393 shares of our common stock for aggregate proceeds to us of
$12,074,306 in a private placement (the  Private Placement ) with 93 accredited investors, pursuant to the terms
of a Subscription Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016 (the  Subscription Agreement ). The foregoing transactions
are collectively hereinafter referred to as the  Transactions . 

Following the Acquisition, all of operations
of the Business will be conducted through our majority-owned subsidiary BRJ LLC. We hold 76.17% of the common membership interests
and 95.22% of the preferred membership interests of BRJ LLC pursuant to the B.R. Johnson, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement
(the  LLC Agreement ) entered into by and among Lorraine Capital, LLC (which owns 20% of the common membership interests),
Regional Brands Inc. and BRJ Acquisition Partners, LLC (which owns the remaining 3.83% of the common membership interests and 4.78%
of the preferred membership interests). Lorraine Capital, LLC and BRJ Acquisition Partners, LLC are collectively referred to as
the  Lorraine Parties . 

Business Overview 

B.R. Johnson, Inc. was founded by Benjamin
 Ben  R. Johnson in 1928.  Some of the original products sold by BRJ Inc. were steel windows, rolling self-storing
screens, kitchen cabinets, and Modernfold operable wall partitions, a product it still distributes principally in Upstate New York
State market.  Over the course of the following decades, BRJ Inc. added commercial steel doors, hardware, and residential
and commercial windows.   We believe BRJ Inc. has built a reputation of only distributing products that are the best in their
respective category. Product categories include: 

Commercial doors and hardware; 

Commercial windows; 

Specialty division; consisting of operable partitions,
movable glass walls, fire and smoke  containment systems and gymnasium equipment 

Residential windows; 

Residential hardware; and 

Aftermarket door sales. 

Industry Overview 

According to an industry study published by
the international business research company, The Freedonia Group, the total United States window and door market (measured by sales
at the manufacturers  level) was estimated to be valued at approximately $24.3 billion in sales in 2014. 

In the same study, a rebound in housing completions
and building construction expenditures is expected to drive approximately 6% growth per year in the industry through 2018. This
would represent a rebound from the 2009-2014 period, with growth expected to be driven by both residential and non-residential
building construction activity. 

Regional variations in economic activity influence
the level of demand for windows and door products across the United States. Of particular importance are regional differences in
the level of construction and renovation activity. Demographic trends, including population growth and migration, contribute to
the regional variations through their influence on regional new construction activity. 

Our Growth Strategy 

We target customer groups and emphasize product
categories where we believe we are well positioned in comparison to our competitors. These include aftermarket door service and
installation; commercial window customers with demanding installation requirements; and products requiring proprietary know-how
and installation skills. 

Commercial door and hardware remains a highly
competitive product category. Our strategy is to defend our market share so that our volume remains at sufficient levels to achieve
the best pricing from our suppliers, thus enabling us to maintain acceptable profit margins in this segment. 

Currently, we are in principally in the Upstate
New York State market and we plan to expand our geographic reach through ongoing business development efforts by our Rochester,
NY sales office. 

Our Products and Services 

Commercial Windows:  We have a long
history of building restoration and new construction experience in a wide range of commercial window applications. We utilize multiple
approaches that take advantage of the wide range of product offerings we have available to us from our extensive roster of suppliers
and we draw on the experience gained from the diverse types of projects we have successfully performed. 

We operate as a multi-line commercial window
distributor and installer of high-performance architectural aluminum, clad wood, fiberglass, vinyl and steel windows, as well as
curtainwall, storefront and entrance products. 

While we specialize in creating commercial
window solutions for existing buildings and historical renovations, we are also experienced in the requirements of new construction,
navigating the technical, administrative and schedule demands of that industry segment. 

Our team of salesmen, project managers,
technical services and installation personnel work closely with our customers to provide an integrated project delivery approach
that is most appropriate to balance performance, aesthetics, budgetary and schedule needs. 

We offer our commercial window customers: 

Replacement and historical renovation;   

New construction - windows, curtainwall, storefront and entrances;   

Design development;   

Budgets, detailing and mock-ups;   

Installation; and   

Service across New York, including Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse, Albany, Ithaca and Binghamton.   

Commercial Doors and Hardware:  We
are a value added distributor and installer of commercial doors, frames and hardware characterized by a dedicated group of professionals
with specialized knowledge to respond quickly to customer needs. We have provided the Upstate New York building industry with hollow
metal steel doors and frames for over 40 years and commercial hardware since the mid-1980 s. 

We provide commercial door and hardware
customers: 

Custom hollow metal door and frame welding and fabrication;   

The largest commercial solid core wood door inventory in Central New York;   

A large available selection of commercial and institutional hardware;   

Specialty overhead and rolling doors;   

Field service and installed sales;   

Budgets and specification consulting; and   

New construction, installation, replacement and service.   

Commercial Specialty Products : We
distribute, install and service products that require a strong emphasis on architectural promotion. Our sales personnel have been
trained to know all aspects of each product from layout and design to providing classroom training to architects and building and
fire code officials to maintain their license in New York State. As a result we are a trusted resource to the entire Upstate New
York community of architects and building and fire code officials. The products we represent are nationally and internationally
recognized as industry leaders and sold across the entire Upstate New York region where we have salesmen active in each major market
from Buffalo to Albany. Our seasoned tradesmen round out our ability to provide installation services, inspections and preventative
maintenance. 

Specialty products and services include: 

Modernfold - Operable partitions, movable glass walls and accordion doors;   

Skyfold - vertically folding operable walls;   

Renlita Doors - custom designed vertical and horizontal doors;   

Smoke containment alternatives to elevator vestibules;   

Smoke Guard - fire and smoke containment systems;   

Gymnasium equipment;   

Safe-Path (safety device for gym partitions);   

Service; and   

Inspections and preventative maintenance.   

Residential Windows and Door : We
specialize in new construction, installation and replacement windows and doors for homes in Upstate New York. We have been providing
builders and homeowners in Upstate New York with quality building products since 1928. 

We offer our customers a wide selection
of products to best meet their requirements from the following manufacturers: 

Andersen Windows, Inc., a part of Andersen Corporation, is the largest window and door manufacturer in North America. The flagship
Andersen  brand is the most recognized and most used brand in the window and patio door industry.   

Eagle Window   Door, an Andersen Window   Door company, manufactures a complete line of high quality aluminum-clad
wood windows (also known as Andersen E-series windows) and doors.   

Halfway between Utica and Albany, Kasson   Keller has been manufacturing windows and doors in nearby Fonda, NY since 1954,
including EcoShield high-efficiency, low-maintenance windows.   

Sierra Pacific Industries, a third-generation, family-owned and operated forest products company based in northern California
and the state of Washington, which in August 2014 acquired Hurd Windows and Superseal to complement its own Sierra Pacific product
line.   

Norwood, a division of West-Wood Industries, is a family-owned manufacturer of some of the finest wood windows and doors in
North America. In addition, Norwood s Permaglass window line is manufactured from protruded fiberglass for when wood is not
the most suitable material for a customer s application.   

Therma-Tru Doors, which first created the fiberglass entry door category 25 years ago with the introduction of the Fiber-Classic 
wood-grained door. Today, Therma-Tru is the nation s leading manufacturer of fiberglass and steel exterior door systems,
and a preferred brand of entry doors by builders and remodelers.   

Sales and Marketing 

As a result of our longstanding and leading
position in the Upstate New York market, we have developed relationships with owners, architects, and developers and a reputation
for providing products and services that best suit the customers  needs, positioning us well in comparison to our competitors. 

Our customer service team responds to opportunities
with our customers at an early stage and responds to quote opportunities quickly with the best solution for our customers based
on access to multiple suppliers. We prioritize opportunities based on the competitive advantages we identify, often where customers 
needs involve a level of complexity. 

We remain one of the few in our business that
maintains an extensive inventory of commercial door and hardware items. This allows us to react to the smaller negotiated and non-bid
opportunities quickly with product in stock. With larger projects, we seek to utilize manufacturer service centers to provide fabrication
when possible to minimize pass-through in our facility. 

Other sales and marketing activities include
attending industry related trade shows, targeted engagement with social media, and search engine optimization for our website. 

Customers 

Our customers are varied and encompass building
owners, building tenants (with long term property rights) and contractors who serve them. We have customers who place orders that
we book and ship, such as in the commercial door and hardware category. These same customers may have large projects from time
to time such as commercial window projects that take several months (occasionally over a year ) to complete. Commercial customers
include: owners of educational buildings, K-12 school districts, private schools and public and private colleges and universities;
owners of multi-family housing, including senior housing, both private and public; other building owners, including retail health
care and institutional buildings, casinos and hotels; and energy performance contractors. Our residential windows, doors and door
hardware customers are generally contractors or developers serving this market. 

Strategic Alliances 

We view Lorraine Capital, LLC, and Ancora Advisors, LLC ( Ancora ),
as strategic sources for identifying opportunities for new business in Western New York and Northeast Ohio. We also believe that
Lorraine Capital, LLC and Ancora can assist us with sourcing capital to meet our expansion requirements or take advantage of consolidation
opportunities with competitors through acquisitions. In addition, we have a relationship with a union qualified commercial window
subcontractor, Airways Door Service, Inc. ( ADSI ), which is advantageous to us in situations that require union installation
labor. Individuals affiliated with Lorraine Capital, LLC acquired 57% of ADSI s common stock in connection with the Acquisition. 

Competition 

Our products are sold under highly competitive conditions. Currently,
we are  principally in the Upstate New York State market and we compete with a number of companies, some of which have greater
financial resources than us. The principal competitive factors in the markets we serve include price, product quality, delivery
and the ability to customize to customer specifications. We encounter different competitive environments in each of our product
categories. In some of the product categories, there is a reduction in the number of competitors, in part due to the reduction
of new entrants to the market. In addition, many of our suppliers find it economical to have a limited number of vendors in any
geographic area. In the residential market segment, we face intense competition from big-box stores, large independent chains and
online retailers where we differentiate our products and services with high-end quality products that meet the specialized installation
requirements of our customers. In addition, certain product manufacturers sell and distribute their products directly to customers
or enter into exclusive supply arrangements with other distributors 

Suppliers  

We operate as a multi-line product distributor
and installer across the entire Upstate New York region for nationally and internationally recognized industry leading brands.
Our ability to offer a wide variety of products to our customers is dependent upon our ability to continue to identify and develop
relationships with qualified suppliers who can satisfy our high standards for quality and responsible sourcing, as well as our
need to access products in a timely and efficient manner. Generally, our products are obtainable from various sources and in sufficient
quantities. 

Employees 

BRJ LLC employed 85 people full-time and 1
person part-time as of December 14, 2016. Regional Brands has no employees other than its CEO. 

ITEM 1A   RISK FACTORS  

An investment in our common stock involves a high degree
of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included in this report,
before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results
of operations could suffer. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of
your investment. You should read the section entitled  Forward-Looking Statements  for a discussion of what types of
statements are forward-looking statements, as well as the significance of such statements in the context of this report.  

Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry  

There can be no assurance that our future operations will
result in net income.    

There can be no assurance that our future operations will result
in net income. Our failure to increase our revenues or maintain or improve our gross margins will harm our business. We may not
be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. If our revenues grow more slowly than
we anticipate, our gross margins decline or our operating expenses exceed our expectations, our operating results will suffer.
The prices we charge for products and services may decrease, which would reduce our revenues and harm our business. If we are unable
to sell products at acceptable prices relative to our costs, or if we fail to supply on a timely basis new products and services
from which we can derive additional revenues, our financial results will suffer. 

Uncertain economic conditions may adversely affect demand
for our products.    

Our revenue and gross margin depend significantly on general
economic conditions and the demand for building products in the markets in which we operate. Economic weakness and constrained
construction and renovation spending has resulted, and may result in the future, in decreased revenue, gross margin, earnings and
growth rates. All of our revenues and profitability are derived from our clients in New York State, which makes us highly susceptible
to disruptions or downturns in local economic conditions. Ongoing economic volatility and uncertainty affect our business in a
number of other ways, including making it more difficult to accurately forecast client demand beyond the short term and effectively
build our revenue. Uncertainty about future economic conditions makes it difficult for us to forecast operating results and to
make decisions about future investments. Delays or reductions in building products spending could have a material adverse effect
on demand for our products and services, and consequently our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock
price. 

We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer
needs, expectations or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation and the demand for
our products and services.   

The success of our business depends in part on our ability to
identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics; consumer preferences, expectations and needs; and unexpected
weather conditions, while also managing appropriate inventory levels and maintaining an excellent customer experience. It is difficult
to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. As the housing and home improvement market continues
to recover, resulting changes in demand will put further pressure on our ability to meet customer needs and expectations and maintain
high service levels. Our failure to meet the individual needs and expectations of our customers may result in the erosion of our
customer base. 

Our industry is highly cyclical, and prolonged periods
of weak demand or excess supply may reduce our net sales and/or margins, which may cause us to incur losses or reduce our net income.   

The building products distribution industry is subject to cyclical
market pressures. Prices of building products are determined by overall supply and demand in the market. Market prices of building
products historically have been volatile and cyclical, and we have limited ability to control the timing and amount of pricing
changes. Demand for building products is driven mainly by factors outside of our control, such as general economic and political
conditions, interest rates, availability of financing, the state of the credit markets, high levels of unemployment and foreclosures,
the construction, repair and remodeling markets, industrial markets, weather, and population growth. The supply of building products
fluctuates based on available manufacturing capacity, and excess capacity in the industry can result in significant declines in
market prices for those products. To the extent that prices and volumes experience a sustained or sharp decline, our net sales
and margins likely would decline as well. 

Additionally, many of the building products which we distribute
are widely available from other distributors or manufacturers, including big-box stores and online retailers. At times, the purchase
price for any one or more of the products we distribute may fall below our purchase costs, requiring us to incur short-term losses
on product sales. 

All of these factors could adversely affect demand for our products
and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance. 

Product shortages, loss of key suppliers, and our dependence
on third-party suppliers and manufacturers could affect our financial health.   

Our ability to offer a wide variety of products to our customers
is dependent upon our ability to continue to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers who can satisfy our high
standards for quality and responsible sourcing, as well as our need to access products in a timely and efficient manner. Generally,
our products are obtainable from various sources and in sufficient quantities. However, the loss of, or a substantial decrease
in the availability of, products from our suppliers or the loss of key supplier arrangements could adversely impact our financial
condition, operating results, and cash flows. 

Disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting
the distribution of our products could adversely impact our business.   

A disruption within our supply chain network could adversely
affect our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products
and result in lost sales, increased costs or damage to our reputation. Such disruptions may result from damage or destruction to
our warehouse facility; weather-related events; natural disasters; third-party strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or slowdowns;
supply or shipping interruptions or costs; or other factors beyond our control. Any such disruption could negatively impact our
financial performance or financial condition. 

The inflation or deflation of commodity prices could affect
our prices, demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins.   

Prices of certain commodity products, including lumber and other
raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and demand, labor costs,
competition, market speculation, government regulations, periodic delays in delivery and other factors. Rapid and significant changes
in commodity prices may affect the demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins. 

Our industry is highly competitive. If we are unable to
compete effectively, our net sales and operating results will be reduced.    

The building products distribution industry is highly competitive,
particularly in the residential sector. Competitive factors in our industry include pricing, availability of product, level of
service, delivery capabilities, customer relationships, geographic coverage, and breadth of product offerings. Also, financial
stability is important to suppliers and customers in choosing distributors for their products, and affects the favorability of
the terms on which we are able to obtain our products from our suppliers and sell our products to our customers. 

Some of our competitors are part of larger companies, and therefore
have access to greater financial and other resources than those to which we have access. In addition, certain product manufacturers
sell and distribute their products directly to customers. We also face growing competition from online and multichannel retailers.
Additional manufacturers of products distributed by us may elect to sell and distribute directly to end-users in the future or
enter into exclusive supply arrangements with other distributors. Competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors or
our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape could affect our prices, our margins or demand
for our products and services. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to these competitive pressures, our net sales
and net income will be reduced. 

Our business operations could suffer significant losses
from natural disasters, catastrophes, fire or other unexpected events.   

We operate our business primarily out of a single facility.
While we maintain insurance, including business interruption insurance, our warehouse facility could be materially damaged by natural
disasters, fire, adverse weather conditions, or other unexpected events, which could materially disrupt our business. We could
incur uninsured losses and liabilities arising from such events, including damage to our reputation, and/or suffer material losses
in operational capacity, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our cash flows and capital resources may be insufficient
to make required payments on our substantial indebtedness or to maintain acceptable liquidity.   

We have a substantial amount of debt which could have important
consequences to you. For example, it could: 

make it difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations;     

make us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions;    

limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital,
capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate requirements;    

expose us to interest rate fluctuations because the interest rate
on the debt under our revolving credit facility is variable;    

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows to
payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows for operations and other purposes;    

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in
our business, and the industry in which we operate; and    

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that
may have proportionately less debt, and therefore may be in a better position to obtain favorable credit terms.    

In addition, our ability to make scheduled payments or refinance
our obligations depends on our successful financial and operating performance, cash flows, and capital resources, which in turn
depend upon prevailing economic conditions and certain financial, business, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.
These factors include, among others: 

economic
and demand factors affecting the building products distribution industry;  

external
factors affecting availability of credit;  

pricing
pressures;  

increased
operating costs;  

competitive
conditions; and  

other
operating difficulties.  

If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to
fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell material assets or operations,
obtain additional capital, or restructure our debt. Obtaining additional capital or restructuring our debt could be accomplished
in part through new or additional borrowings or placements of debt or equity securities. There is no assurance that we could obtain
additional capital or refinance our debt on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In the event that we are required to dispose of
material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations, the value realized on the disposition of such assets
or operations will depend on market conditions and the availability of buyers. Accordingly, any such sale may not, among other
things, be for a sufficient dollar amount. We may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. Our incurring additional
indebtedness would intensify the risks described above. 

The instruments governing our indebtedness restrict our
ability to dispose of assets and the use of proceeds from any such disposition.   

Our obligations under the Debt Agreements are secured by
security interests in all of the assets of our operating subsidiary, BRJ LLC, including its inventories, accounts receivable,
and proceeds from those items. The foregoing encumbrances, as well as covenants in the Debt Agreements, limit our ability to
dispose of material assets or operations. Accordingly, we may not be able to consummate any disposition of assets or obtain
the net proceeds which we could realize from such disposition, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet the debt
service obligations when  due. In the event of our breach of the Debt Agreements, we may be required to repay any outstanding
amounts earlier than anticipated, and the lenders may foreclose on their security interests in our assets or otherwise
exercise their remedies with respect to such interests. 

The instruments governing our indebtedness contain various
covenants limiting the discretion of our management in operating our business, including requiring us to maintain a maximum fixed
charge coverage ratio.   

Our Debt Agreements contain various restrictive covenants and
restrictions, including financial covenants that limit management s discretion in operating our business. In particular,
these instruments limit our ability to, among other things: 

incur
additional debt;  

grant
liens on assets;  

make
investments, including capital expenditures;  

sell
or acquire assets outside the ordinary course of business;  

engage
in transactions with affiliates; and  

make
fundamental business changes.  

The Credit Facility also requires us to maintain a fixed charge
coverage ratio of 1.15 to 1.00. If we fail to comply with the restrictions in the Debt Agreements or any other current or future
financing agreements, a default may allow the creditors under the relevant instruments to accelerate the related debts and to exercise
their remedies under these agreements, which typically will include the right to declare the principal amount of that debt, together
with accrued and unpaid interest, and other related amounts, immediately due and payable, to exercise any remedies the creditors
may have to foreclose on assets that are subject to liens securing that debt, and to terminate any commitments they had made to
supply further funds. The exercise of any default remedies by our creditors would have a material adverse effect on our ability
to finance working capital needs and capital expenditures. 

Affiliates of Ancora control a significant portion of
our outstanding common stock and may have conflicts of interest with other     stockholders.   

Ancora, a private investment firm, and investment partnerships
and individuals affiliated with Ancora beneficially owned approximately 34.4% of our outstanding common stock as of December 14,
2016. As a result, Ancora is able to exert significant influence on the election of our directors, our corporate and management
policies, and the outcome of most corporate transactions or other matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including
potential mergers or acquisitions, asset sales, and other significant corporate transactions. This concentrated ownership position
limits other stockholders  ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that some of our
stockholders may not view as beneficial. 

Three of our four directors and our Chief Executive Officer
are affiliated with Ancora. The interests of Ancora may not coincide with the interests of other holders of our common stock. Additionally,
Ancora is in the business of making investments in companies, and may, from time to time, acquire and hold interests in businesses
that compete directly or indirectly with us. Ancora may also pursue, for its own account, acquisition opportunities that may be
complementary to our business, and as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. So long as Ancora continues
to own a significant amount of the outstanding shares of our common stock, it will continue to be able to strongly influence our
decisions, including potential mergers or acquisitions, asset sales, and other significant corporate transactions. 

We may not have sufficient working capital in the long
term.   

It is likely we may require additional funds in the long term
depending upon the growth of our revenues and our business strategy. We can give no assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient
debt or equity capital now or in the future to support our operations. Should we be unable to raise sufficient debt or equity capital,
we could be forced to cease operations. 

These and other factors could affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Also, it is possible that our financial results may be below the expectations of public market
analysts. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock  

We have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect
to pay dividends in the future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock.   

We have not paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not
anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock would depend on our earnings,
financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant.
If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if its stock
price appreciates. 

There is a limited market for our common stock which may
make it more difficult to dispose of your stock.   

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC marketplace.
There is a limited trading market for our common stock. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the liquidity of any markets
that may develop for our common stock, the ability of holders of our common stock to sell shares of our common stock, or the prices
at which holders may be able to sell their common stock. Because of its limited trading volume, the price of our common stock may
experience significant volatility for reasons that may be unrelated to our business or financial performance. 

A sale of a substantial number of shares of our common
stock may cause the price of the common stock to decline.   

If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock
in the public market, the market price of our common stock could fall. These sales also may make it more difficult for us to sell
equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

Failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and disclosure controls and procedures in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results and cause stockholders to lose confidence in our
financial reporting.   

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 requires the Company to evaluate the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each
year, and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting
in each Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We have concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective and that material weaknesses exists in our internal control over financial reporting.  The
material weaknesses consist of an insufficient complement of qualified accounting personnel and controls associated with segregation
of duties and ineffective controls associated with identifying and accounting for complex and non-routine transactions in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  Due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial
reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, there may be errors in the Company s financial statements and in the accompanying
footnote disclosures that could require restatements. As a result, investors may lose confidence in our reported financial information
and disclosure, which could negatively impact our stock price. 

We do not expect that our internal control
over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of
a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by
management override of the controls. Over time, controls may become inadequate because changes in conditions or deterioration in
the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may occur. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

ITEM 1B   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  

None. 

ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES  

Our principal offices are at 6060 Parkland
Boulevard, Cleveland, OH 44124. We do not pay for the use of the offices, which are located at the corporate headquarters of Ancora. 

BRJ LLC operates out of a 42,000 square foot
facility in East Syracuse, NY pursuant to a lease through 2020 with rent payments totaling $276,000 a year. It also has a 2,200
square foot sales office in Rochester, NY. 

ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

There are currently no pending or threatened
material legal proceedings against us. 

ITEM 4   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable  

PART II  

ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  

Our common stock is traded on the OTC marketplace
under the trading symbol  RGBD . The closing price of our common stock on December 13, 2016 was $16.00. 

The table below sets forth the range
of quarterly high and low closing bid quotations for our common stock for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
and give effect to our 1 for 1,000 reverse stock split on July 26, 2016. The quotations below reflect inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions: 

Issued and Outstanding Shares  

Our authorized capital consists of 50,000,000
shares of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share. As of
December 14, 2016, we had 1,274,598 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

Holders of Record 

As of December 14, 2016, there were approximately
220 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include the number of persons whose shares are in nominee or in
 street name  accounts through brokers. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any dividends on our common
stock during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and we do not intend to pay any dividends on our common stock
in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

For the purpose of financing the Acquisition
and potential future acquisitions, on November 1, 2016, we completed a private placement in which we issued 894,393 shares of our
common stock at a price per share of $13.50 to 93 accredited investors (the  Private Placement ). We received gross
proceeds from the Private Placement of $12,074,306. No placement agent or other financial intermediary was engaged or compensated
in connection with the Private Placement. The shares of common stock issued in the Private Placement were exempt from registration
under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), as a sale by an issuer not
involving a public offering. 

Share Repurchased by the Registrant  

We did not purchase or repurchase any of our securities in the
fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Standard
Registrar and Transfer Company, Inc., 440 East 400 South, Suite 200, Salt Lake City, UT 84111. 

Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation
plans  

On April 8, 2016, we adopted the 2016 Equity
Incentive Plan (the  Equity Incentive Plan ). The maximum number of shares of our common stock available for issuance
under the Equity Incentive Plan through the grant of non-qualified stock options is 135,000 shares. The purpose of the Equity Incentive
Plan is to enable us to attract, motivate and retain key employees and directors and to provide an additional incentive for such
individuals through stock ownership and other rights that promote and recognize the financial success and growth of our company. 

The following table sets forth information
as of September 30, 2016 regarding equity compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

Equity Plan Compensation Information  

Plan Category    
     Number of securities  to be issued upon  exercise of  outstanding  options, warrants  and rights       
     Weighted  average  exercise price  of  outstanding  options,  warrants  and rights       
     Number of securities  remaining available  for  future issuance  under equity  compensation  plans (excluding  securities reflected  in column (a))     

(a)       
     (b)       
     (c)     

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1)    
        42,596       
     $  16.00       
        92,404     

Total    
        42,596       
                
        92,404     

(1)  Pursuant to our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan   

ITEM 6   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  

This item is not applicable to us as a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

Certain statements contained herein constitute  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the  1995 Reform Act ).   The
Company desires to avail itself of certain  safe harbor  provisions of the 1995 Reform Act and is therefore including
this special note to enable it to do so.  Except for the historical information contained herein, this report contains
forward-looking statements (identified by the words  estimate,   project,   anticipate,   plan, 
 expect,   intend,   believe,   hope,   strategy  and similar expressions),
which are based on our current expectations and speak only as of the date made. These forward-looking statements are subject to
various risks, uncertainties and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the
forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those discussed under Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors 
in this Annual Report, and those described herein. 

The following discussion and analysis provides information that
our management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition and
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and footnotes that appear elsewhere in this report. 

General  

Regional Brands Inc. (formerly 4net Software, Inc.) ( Regional
Brands , the  Company ,  we   our  and  us ) was incorporated under the laws
of the State of Delaware in 1986 and subsequently became a holding company. In April 2016, in connection with a change in control
of the Company, we changed our name to Regional Brands Inc. 

Nature of Business  

Regional Brands Inc. is a holding company
formed to acquire regional companies with strong brand recognition, stable revenues and profitability. In April 2016, we sold an
aggregate amount of 370,441 shares of common stock for the aggregate purchase price of $5,000,000 (including the cancellation of
certain indebtedness) and the transactions resulted in a change of control of the Company. Subsequent to the change in control,
we have been pursuing a business strategy whereby have been seeking to engage in an acquisition, merger or other business combination
transaction with undervalued businesses (each, a  Target Company ) with a history of operating revenues in markets
that provide opportunities for growth. After the acquisition of the business of BRJ Inc. by Regional Brands  majority-owned
subsidiary, BRJ LLC, Regional Brands is currently focused on considering opportunities for growth of BRJ LLC through utilizing
its balance sheet to provide capital for additional acquisitions of companies that would be complementary to BRJ LLC. Additionally,
Regional Brands may seek to acquire Target Companies that satisfy the following criteria: (1) established businesses with viable
services or products; (2) an experienced and qualified management team; (3) opportunities for growth and/or expansion into other
markets; (4) are accretive to earnings; (5) offer the opportunity to achieve and/or enhance profitability; and (6) increase shareholder
value. 

On November 1, 2016, we acquired a majority
interest in BRJ LLC by contributing $3,808,696 in exchange for 95.22% of BRJ LLC s preferred membership interest and 76.17%
of its common membership interest. In addition, we loaned to BRJ LLC $7,141,304 under a senior subordinated term note which bears
interest at 6% per annum and has scheduled annual principal payments with the balance due at maturity in five years. The senior
subordinated term note is secured by substantially all of BRJ LLC s assets. BRJ LLC s minority members contributed
$191,304 for the remaining preferred and common membership interests and loaned to BRJ LLC $358,696 on the same terms as the Regional
Brands senior subordinated loan pursuant to a participation agreement. 

BRJ LLC, on November 1, 2016, acquired the
business of BRJ Inc. in an asset purchase transaction in exchange for cash of $12,900,000 and a subordinated note of $2,500,000.
BRJ LLC will continue to operate the business of BRJ Inc. as a consolidated subsidiary of Regional Brands. 

The acquisition by BRJ LLC of BRJ Inc. is
being accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. This results in BRJ LLC allocating the total consideration issued
in the acquisition to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. 

Following the acquisition of BRJ Inc., all of our business operations
are being conducted through our consolidated subsidiary BRJ LLC 

Results of Operations: For the Years Ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015  

Revenues:  

 We did not generate any revenues during the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. 

General and Administrative Expenses:  

 Our general and administrative expenses for the year ended September
30, 2016 increased by $68,530 to $91,274 compared to the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to higher levels of
activities subsequent to our change in control in April 2016. 

Other (income) expense  

 During the year ended September 30, 2016, our net other income
was $16,821 compared to net other expense of $17,016 during the comparable period of 2015. The increase in net other income was
due to dividends income received from our investments and due to reduction of interest expense upon repayment of debt. Investments
were made with the proceeds from the sale of common stock in April 2016. 

Net loss:  

 As a result of the foregoing, the net loss for the year ended
September 30, 2016 increased by $34,693 to $74,453 compared to a net loss of $39,760 incurred during the year ended September 30,
2015. During the year ended September 30, 2016, we had an unrealized gain on investments of $763 resulting in comprehensive loss
of $73,690. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

At September 30, 2016, we had working capital
of $4,712,877 compared to a working capital deficiency of approximately $236,645 at September 30, 2015. The increase in working
capital is primarily due the proceeds we received from the sale of common stock in April 2016 offset by operating losses for the
year ended September 30, 2016. During the year ended September 30, 2016, our operating activities used cash of approximately $47,000
compared to approximately $33,000 used during the year ended September 30, 2015. 

During the year ended September 30, 2016, our operations, after
adjusting for non-cash items, used approximately $51,000 of cash. Changes in working capital items provided approximately $4,000
of cash during the year ended September 30, 2016. During the year ended September 30, 2015, our operations used approximately $40,000
of cash, and working capital items provided approximately $7,000 of cash. 

In the past we had satisfied our working capital needs from
borrowings from our former president and principal executive officer. We had borrowed $7,600 and $32,900, respectively, during
the years ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. In April 2016, we issued to our former president and principal executive
officer 18,522 shares of our common stock in full satisfaction of his loans and accrued interest thereon in the aggregate amount
of approximately $250,000. 

On April 8, 2016, we entered into and closed a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the  SPA ) among us and Merlin Partners LP, Ancora Catalyst Fund LP, and Steven N. Bronson (collectively
the  Purchasers ), whereby we sold to the Purchasers the aggregate amount of 370,441 shares of common stock for the
aggregate purchase price of $5,000,000 (including the cancellation of all indebtedness that had been loaned to the Company by Mr.
Bronson to fund operating expenses). In connection with the SPA, we changed our name from 4Net Software, Inc. to Regional Brands
Inc. The transactions contemplated by the SPA resulted in a change of control of the Company from Steven N. Bronson to Merlin Partners
LP, which purchased 240,786 shares of common stock for the aggregate purchase price of $3,250,000, and Ancora Catalyst Fund
LP, which purchased 92,610 shares of common stock for the aggregate purchase price of $1,250,000. Merlin Partners LP and Ancora
Catalyst Fund LP are affiliates of Ancora. We purchased short-term investment securities for approximately $2,186,000 with proceeds
from the sale of common stock. 

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, in November 2016, we completed
a private placement, and issued 894,393 shares of common stock at a price per share of $13.50 and received gross proceeds of approximately
$12,000,000. In connection with the acquisition of BRJ Inc., we used funds from the private placement to acquire a majority interest
in BRJ LLC by contributing $3,808,696 in exchange for 95.22% of BRJ LLC s preferred membership interest and 76.17% of its
common membership interest and also loaned to BRJ LLC $7,141,304 under a senior subordinated term note. 

In November 2016, BRJ LLC entered into a credit
agreement with KeyBank, N.A. Under the credit agreement, BRJ LLC may borrow up to an aggregate amount of $6,000,000 (the  Credit
Facility ) under revolving loans and letters of credit, with a sublimit of $500,000 for letters of credit. The Credit Facility
is payable upon demand of KeyBank, N.A., or the lenders, or upon acceleration as a result of an event of default. At the closing
of the Acquisition, $1,500,000 was drawn under the Credit Facility to pay a portion of the purchase price and costs associated
with the Acquisition, with the balance being available for general working capital of BRJ LLC. 

Interest under the Credit Facility is payable
monthly, starting on November 30, 2016, and accrues pursuant to the  base rate  of interest, which is equal to the
highest of (a) KeyBank, N.A. s prime rate, (b) one-half of one percent (0.50%) in excess of the Federal Funds Effective Rate
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and (c) one hundred (100) basis points in excess of the London Interbank Offered Rate
for loans in Eurodollars with an interest period of one month, plus any applicable margin. The credit agreement also requires the
payment of certain fees, including, but not limited to, letter of credit fees. 

The Credit Facility is secured by substantially
all of BJR LLC s assets. The Credit Facility contains customary financial and other covenant requirements, including, but
not limited to, a covenant to not permit BRJ LLC s consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio to exceed 1.15 to 1.00. The Credit
Facility also contains customary events of default. 

Under the Loan Agreement, we agreed to loan
BRJ LLC $7,500,000. We participated $358,696 of the Subordinated Loan to BRJ Acquisition Partners, LLC, an entity owned by individuals
affiliated with BRJ Inc. and Lorraine Capital, LLC. The Subordinated Loan accrues interest at a rate of 6% per annum, payable quarterly
on the first day of each calendar quarter. BRJ LLC is required to repay a portion of the principal amount of the Subordinated Loan
on each anniversary of the execution of the Loan Agreement. The Subordinated Loan matures on November 1, 2021 and is secured by
substantially all of BJR LLC s assets. The Subordinated Loan and the security interest created under the Loan Agreement are
subordinated to the Credit Facility and the security interest of the lenders under the Credit Facility. All of the covenants contained
in the Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference in the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement contains customary events of default,
including in the case of an event of default under the Credit Facility. 

Based on current plans, management anticipates that the cash
on hand, the expected cash flows from our majority-owned subsidiary BRJ LLC, and the availability under BRJ LLC s credit
agreement will satisfy our capital requirements and fund our operations for the next 12 months. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have, or are reasonably likely to have, an effect on our financial condition, financial statements, revenues or expenses. 

Inflation  

 Although our operations are influenced by general economic conditions,
we do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our results of operations during the last two years. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make judgments, assumptions
and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes.  The financial statements
as of September 30, 2016 describe the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the financial statements.  Actual
results could differ from those estimates and be based on events different from those assumptions.  Future events and
their effects cannot be predicted with certainty; estimating, therefore, requires the exercise of judgment. Thus, accounting estimates
change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired or as additional information is obtained.  The following critical
accounting policies are impacted significantly by judgments, assumptions and estimates used in the preparation of our financial
statements: 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
- Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. The Fair Value Measurement Topic of the FASB ASC establishes a three-tier
fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include: 

Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets;   

Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and   

Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable.   

Share-Based Payments   

 We record our common shares issued based on the value of the
shares issued or consideration received, including cash, services rendered or other non-monetary assets, whichever is more readily
determinable. 

Acquisitions    

We account for our acquisitions under ASC Topic 805,  Business
Combinations and Reorganizations  ( ASC Topic 805 ). ASC Topic 805 provides guidance on how the acquirer recognizes
and measures the consideration transferred, identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, non-controlling interests, and goodwill
acquired in a business combination. ASC Topic 805 also expands required disclosures surrounding the nature and financial effects
of business combinations. 

When we acquire a business, we allocate the purchase price to
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction at their respective estimated fair values. We record any premium
over the fair value of net assets acquired as goodwill. The allocation of the purchase price involves judgments and estimates both
in characterizing the assets and in determining their fair value. The way we characterize the assets has important implications,
as long-lived assets with definitive lives, for example, are depreciated or amortized, whereas goodwill is tested annually for
impairment. With respect to determining the fair value of assets, the most subjective estimates involve valuations of long-lived
assets, such as property, plant, and equipment as well as identified intangible assets. We use all available information to make
these fair value determinations and may engage independent valuation specialists to assist in the fair value determination of the
acquired long-lived assets. The fair values of long-lived assets are determined using valuation techniques that use discounted
cash flow methods, independent market appraisals and other acceptable valuation techniques. 

ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

Our audited financial statements as of and for the years ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 follow Item 14, beginning at page F-1. 

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

On November 1, 2016, upon the closing of the Transactions, we
dismissed Anton and Chia, LLP ( A C ), as our independent registered public accounting firm, which was recommended
and approved by our Board of Directors (the  Board ) on November 1, 2016. A C audited our financial statements
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. The reason for the replacement of A C was that, following the Acquisition, BRJ
LLC will carry on the business formerly conducted by BRJ Inc., and the current independent registered public accountants of BRJ
Inc. is the firm of Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C. ( Freed Maxick ). We believe that it is in our best interest to have Freed
Maxick continue to work with our business, and we therefore retained Freed Maxick as our new independent registered public accounting
firm effective November 1, 2016. Freed Maxick is located at 424 Main Street, Suite 800, Buffalo, New York 14202. 

The decision to change auditors and the appointment of Freed
Maxick was recommended and approved by our Board. During our two most recent fiscal years, and the subsequent interim periods,
prior to November 1, 2016, we did not consult Freed Maxick regarding either: (i) the application of accounting principles to a
specified transaction, completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our company s financial
statements, or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K
or a reportable event as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

A C s report on our financial statements for the fiscal
year ended September 31, 2015 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified as audit scope
or accounting principles, however such year-end report did contain a modification paragraph that expressed substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 and the subsequent
interim periods prior to November 1, 2016, (i) there were no disagreements between us and A C on any matter of accounting principles
or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure which, if not resolved to the satisfaction of A C,
would have caused A C to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its reports and (ii) there
were no  reportable events,  as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The decision to replace A C was not the result of any disagreement between us and A C
on any matter of accounting principle or practice, financial statement disclosure or audit procedure. Our Board deemed it in our
best interest to change independent auditors following the closing of the Transactions. 

ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Management s Annual Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

 Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and financial officer and effected by our board of directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

We maintain disclosure controls and
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive and financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the
cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
includes using the  2013 COSO framework, an integrated framework for the evaluation of internal controls issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, to identify the risks and control objectives related to the
evaluation of our control environment. 

Our principal executive and
financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures 
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report,
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Our Management evaluated the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 as required by paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15
or 15d-15, and has determined our controls were not effective due to material weaknesses that exist. The material weaknesses
consist of an insufficient complement of qualified accounting personnel and controls associated with segregation of duties
and ineffective controls associated with identifying and accounting for complex and non-routine transactions in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

To address the material weaknesses
we performed additional analyses and other post-closing procedures and retained the services of a consultant to ensure that our
financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(U.S. GAAP).  Notwithstanding these material weaknesses, management believes that the financial statements included in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, result of operations and cash
flows for the periods presented. 

This annual report does not include an
attestation report of the company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation requirements by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report
in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

There was no
change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the year
ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B   OTHER INFORMATION  

None  

PART III  

ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS and CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

Directors and Executive Officers  

 The names, ages and positions of our directors
and executive officers are as follows 

Name   
       
       Age   
       
       Position    
 
      Carl Grassi  
       
      57  
       
      Chairman of the Board    

Fred DiSanto  
       
      54  
       
      Chief Executive Officer and Director    

Brian Hopkins  
       
      40  
       
      Director    

Jeff Anderson  
       
      46  
       
      Director and Secretary   

The principal occupations for the past five
years (and, in some instances, for prior years) of each of our directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Carl Grassi  became our Chairman of the Board in November
2016. Mr. Grassi is the chairman of the law firm McDonald Hopkins LLC, where he has worked as an attorney since July 1992. Mr.
Grassi is corporate counsel and business advisor to a number of middle-market and growth companies. Mr. Grassi also authors the
Small Business  Tax Tips  column for Crain s Cleveland Business and has written other articles for national publications.
Mr. Grassi earned his law degree from Cleveland-Marshall College of Law and his Bachelor s degree from John Carroll University.
Mr. Grassi is a Certified Public Accountant and is currently director of Mace Security International, Inc ,which designs and manufactures
a wide range of security products..The Board believes that Mr. Grassi s substantial experience as an accomplished attorney,
negotiator and general counsel to companies will enable him to bring a wealth of strategic, legal and business acumen to the Board,
well qualifying him to serve as a director. 

Fred DiSanto  became a member of our
Board and our Chief Executive Officer in November 2016. Mr. DiSanto has worked at Ancora, a registered investment advisor, since
June 2005, was named its Chief Executive Officer in January 2006 and was later named its Chairman in December 2014. He was the
former President and Chief Operating Officer of Maxus Investment Group ( Maxus ) from 1998 until 2000, during which
time he was responsible for the marketing, sales and financial operations. When Maxus was sold to Fifth Third Bank in January 2001,
and until June 2005, Mr. DiSanto served as Executive Vice President and Manager of the Fifth Third Bank s Investment Advisors
Division overseeing investment management, private banking and trust and banking services. Prior to Maxus, Mr. DiSanto was Managing
Partner at Gelfand Partners Asset Management from 1991 until its merger with Maxus in 1997. He began his investment career in 1985
with McDonald Investments in Institutional Equity Sales. Mr. DiSanto is currently on the boards of Medical Mutual of Ohio, Case
Western Reserve University, The Cleveland Film Commission, WF Hann and Sons and The Eastern Company. He is also on the Executive
Committee for the Board of Trustees at Case Western Reserve University. Mr. DiSanto is a former Chairman of the Board of Regents
of St. Ignatius High School and former Chairman and current Trustee of the Greater Cleveland Sports Commission. He is a past Board
Member of Lorain National Bank (LNBB), Parkview Federal Savings Bank (PVFC) and Axia NetMedia (AXX). Mr. DiSanto earned a Bachelor
of Science degree in management science from Case Western Reserve University and a Master in Business Administration degree from
Case Western Reserve University, Weatherhead School of Management (Cleveland, Ohio). The Board believes that Mr. DiSanto s
qualifications to serve on the Board include his substantial financial expertise and his prior experience as an executive officer
of several companies. 

Brian Hopkins  has been a member of
our Board since April 2016 and served as our President and Chief Executive Officer from April 2016 until November 1,2016. Mr. Hopkins
has been a Partner and Portfolio Manager at Ancora since September 2003. He is a Managing Director of Corporate Development and
a member of the Executive Committee at Ancora. In his role as Portfolio Manager, he is responsible for making investment decisions
for the firm s alternative products. Prior to joining Ancora, Mr. Hopkins was an Investment Associate with Primus Capital
Partners, one of the largest private equity firms in the Midwest, from August 2001 to September 2003. Before joining Primus, he
worked in the Investment Banking Division of Deutsche Bank in London as an Associate from August 1998 to June 2001. Mr. Hopkins
is currently a director of First Menasha Bancshares (OTC: FMBJ). Mr. Hopkins earned a Bachelor of Science degree in finance from
Georgetown University. The Board believes that Mr. Hopkins  substantial management and investment experience well qualify
him to serve as a director. 

Jeff Anderson  has been a member of
our Board since April 2016. Mr. Anderson joined Ancora in May 2010 as an Analyst and Portfolio Manager. He focuses on special situations
such as liquidations, bankruptcies and spinoffs. Prior to joining Ancora full-time, he served as a consultant to Ancora. Mr. Anderson
managed a special situations portfolio for Millennium Partners in New York from May 2006 to November 2008. He spent six years at
the investment firm Kellogg Group in New York, working in the Specialist Operations Group on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange
from January 2000 to October 2000, before working in the firm s proprietary trading operation from October 2000 to March
2006. Mr. Anderson graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Wilfrid Laurier University in Ontario, Canada. Mr. Anderson is
a CFA charterholder. The Board believes that Mr. Anderson s extensive business and capital markets experience well qualify
him to serve as a director. 

Term of Office  

Directors are elected to hold office until
the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified.  Officers of the Company
are appointed by the Board.  Each officer holds office until his successor is elected and qualified or until his earlier
resignation or removal. 

Board Committees 

The Board does not currently have an audit
committee, compensation committee or nominations and corporate governance committee. 

Director Compensation 

We currently do not provide cash compensation
for our directors nor do we intend to provide cash compensation to our directors for the foreseeable future. On April 8, 2016,
under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and pursuant to the SPA, we granted options to purchase 9,351 shares of common stock to each
of Messrs. Hopkins and Anderson. 

Indebtedness of Directors and Executive Officers 

None of our directors or executive officers
or their respective associates or affiliates is currently indebted to us. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our
directors and executive officers. 

Legal Proceedings 

As of the date of this current report, there
is no material proceeding to which any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or stockholders is a party adverse to us. 

Code of Ethics  

The Board adopted a Code of Ethics for the Company, a copy of
which was attached as Exhibit 14 to the Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2004 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table provides certain summary
information concerning compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer and our other highest paid executive
officers (collectively, our  named executive officers ) for fiscal years 2016 and 2015. 

(3)  Steven N. Bronson was appointed to his positions in September 1998 and resigned from them on April 8, 2016. In September 2002,
we entered into an agreement with Mr. Bronson, which provided that, effective October 1, 2002, Mr. Bronson waived and would not
receive a salary from our company.   

(4)  Value of option awards is the dollar amount recognized
for financial statements reporting purposes. 

Employment Agreements 

We do not currently have an employment agreement
in place with our Chief Executive Officer, nor do we currently intend to provide compensation to our Chief Executive Officer in
his capacity as such. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End  

The following table sets forth information
regarding our outstanding equity awards as of September 30, 2016: 

Option awards    
     Stock awards     
 
     Name    
     Number of  securities  underlying  unexercised  options  (#)  exercisable       
     Number of  securities  underlying  unexercised  options  (#)  unexercisable       
     Equity  incentive  plan  awards:  Number of  securities  underlying  unexercised  unearned  options  (#)       
     Option  exercise  price  ($)       
     Option  expiration  date    
     Number  of shares  or units  of
    stock   that have 
not  vested   (#)       
     Market  value of  shares of 
    units of  stock   that have 
not  vested   ($)       
     Equity  incentive  plan  awards:  Number  of  unearned  shares,  units or  other  rights that  have not  vested  (#)       
     Equity  incentive  plan  awards:  Market or  payout  value of  unearned  shares,  units or  other  rights that  have not  vested  ($)     
 
     Brian Hopkins    
        779       
        8,572       
        -       
     $  16.00       
     4/8/2031    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     

Jeff Anderson    
        779       
        8,572       
        -       
     $  16.00       
     4/8/2031    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     

Compensation of Directors  

The table below summarizes the compensation paid by us to directors
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

Director Compensation Table    

Fees       

earned  
or       

All       

paid in       
     Stock       
     Option       
     other       

cash       
     Awards       
     Awards       
     Compensation       
     Total     
 
     Name    
     $       
     $       
     $       
     $       
     $     

Jeff Anderson (1)    
        -       
        -       
     $  4,898       
        -       
     $  4,898     

(1)    Value
of option awards is the dollar amount recognized for financial statements reporting purposes.  

Mr. Hopkins  compensation is disclosed in the Summary
Compensation Table. Neither Steven N. Bronson, who resigned from the Board on May 16, 2016, nor Leonard Hagan, who resigned from
the Board on April 8, 2016, received any compensation for their service as a director during the fiscal year ended September 30,
2016. 

Equity Incentive Plan  

On April 8, 2016, we adopted the 2016 Equity
Incentive Plan (the  Equity Incentive Plan ). The maximum number of shares of our common stock available for issuance
under the Equity Incentive Plan through the grant of non-qualified stock options is 135,000 shares. The purpose of the Equity Incentive
Plan is to enable us to attract, motivate and retain key employees and directors and to provide an additional incentive for such
individuals through stock ownership and other rights that promote and recognize the financial success and growth of our company. 

The Equity Incentive Plan is to be administered
by the Board. Subject to the other provisions of the Equity Incentive Plan, the Board has the authority, in its discretion: (i)
to grant nonqualified stock options, referred to collectively as  Awards  (ii) to determine the terms and conditions
of each Award granted (which need not be identical); (iii) to interpret the Equity Incentive Plan and all Awards granted thereunder;
and (iv) to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Equity Incentive Plan. The persons
eligible for participation in the Equity Incentive Plan as recipients of Awards include employees, consultants and non-employee
directors to our company or any subsidiary or affiliate of our company. In selecting participants, and determining the number of
shares of common stock covered by each Award, the Board may consider any factors that it deems relevant. 

As of September 30, 2016, we have 42,596 options
outstanding under the Equity Incentive Plan. In connection with the closing of the transactions under the SPA, we granted options
to purchase 23,738 shares of common stock to Ancora and options to purchase 9,351 shares of common stock to each of Messrs. Hopkins,
Anderson and Bronson, of which Mr. Bronson forfeited options to purchase 9,195 shares of common stock upon his resignation as a
director on May 16, 2016. 

ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management 

The following table sets forth information
regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 14, 2016 by (a) each person who is known by us to beneficially
own 5% or more of our common stock, (b) each of our present directors and executive officers, and (c) all of our present directors
and executive officers as a group. 

*  Less than one percent of outstanding shares.   

(2)  The calculation in this column is based upon 1,274,598 shares of common stock outstanding on December 14, 2016. Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect
to securities. Shares of common stock that are currently convertible or exercisable or that are convertible or exercisable within
60 days of December 14, 2016 are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing
the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person.   

(3)   The Shares owned by The Laura L.Grassi Restatement of Trust UAD 3/10/0505,
of which Laura L. Grassi, Mr. Grassi's wife, is the trustee.    

(4)  Includes 259,305 shares owned directly by Merlin Partners LP, 129,648 shares owned directly by Ancora Catalyst Fund LP, 3,956
shares subject to options held by Ancora that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 14, 2016, and
18,147 shares owned directly by Mr. DiSanto s wife. Ancora is the general partner of each of Merlin Partners LP and Ancora
Catalyst Fund LP. Mr. DiSanto is the Chief Executive Officer of Ancora. By virtue of this relationship, Mr. DiSanto may be deemed
to beneficially own the shares of common stock owned directly by Merlin Partners LP and Ancora Catalyst Fund LP. Mr. DiSanto disclaims
beneficial ownership of the shares that he does not directly own.   

(6)  Includes 259,305 shares owned directly by Merlin Partners LP, 129,648 shares owned directly by Ancora Catalyst Fund LP, and
3,956 shares subject to options held by Ancora that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 14, 2016.
Ancora is the general partner of each of Merlin Partners LP and Ancora Catalyst Fund LP. By virtue of this relationship, Ancora
may be deemed to beneficially own the shares of common stock owned directly by Merlin Partners LP and Ancora Catalyst Fund LP.
Ancora disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares that it does not directly own.   

ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

Loans from Former Chief
Executive Officer   

Since February 3, 2009, our
former president and principal executive officer, Steven N. Bronson, had loaned our company money to fund working capital needs
to pay operating expenses. The loans were repayable upon demand and accrued interest at the rate of 10% per annum. As of March
31, 2016, the aggregate principal loan balance amounted to $186,196 and such loans had accrued interest of $65,464 through March
31, 2016. On April 8, 2016, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  SPA ), dated as such date, among our
company, Merlin Partners LP and Ancora Catalyst Fund LP (affiliates of Ancora), and Steven N. Bronson (collectively, the  Purchasers ),
we issued to Mr. Bronson 18,522 shares of our common stock in full satisfaction for Mr. Bronson s loans to us.  

Management Services Agreements   

On April 8, 2016, in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the SPA, we entered into a Management Services Agreement (the  MSA ) with Ancora,
whereby Ancora agreed to provide specified services to us in exchange for a quarterly management fee in an amount equal to 0.14323%
of our stockholders  equity (excluding cash and cash equivalents) as shown on our balance sheet as of the end of each of
our fiscal quarters. The management fee with respect to each fiscal quarter is paid no later than 10 days following the issuance
of our financial statements for such fiscal quarter, and in any event no later than 60 days following the end of each fiscal quarter.
For the year ended September 30, 2016, Ancora had agreed to waive payment of the management fee . 

Registration Rights Agreement  

On April 8, 2016, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement
(the  RRA ) among us and the Purchasers, pursuant to the terms of the SPA. Under the RRA, we granted to the Purchasers
certain registration rights related to the aggregate 370,441shares of our common stock issued pursuant to the SPA and agreed to
certain customary obligations regarding the registration of such shares, including indemnification. 

Leases  

Prior to May 12, 2016, we occupied a portion of the offices
occupied by BKF Capital Group, Inc., 31248 Oak Crest Drive, Suite 110, Westlake Village, California 91361 on a month to month basis
for a fee of $50 per month paid to BKF Capital Group, Inc. Steven N. Bronson, our former Chairman and CEO, is also the Chairman,
CEO and controlling shareholder of BKF Capital Group, Inc. 

Effective May 12, 2016, we relocated our principal offices to
6060 Parkland Boulevard, Cleveland, OH 44124. We pay no rent for the use of the offices, which are located at the corporate headquarters
of Ancora. 

Director Independence  

 As our common stock is currently traded
on the OTC, we are not subject to the rules of any national securities exchange which require that a majority of a listed company s
directors and specified committees of the board of directors meet independence standards prescribed by such rules.  

ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES  

Audit Fees  

 Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered
for audit and review services of the Company s consolidated financial statements included in the Company s annual financial
statements and review of financial statements included in its Forms 10-Q, and for services that are normally provided by the
auditor in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.  The aggregate fees billed or to be billed
for professional services rendered by our principal accountant, Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C. for audit for the year ended September
30, 2016 was $7,500. The aggregate fees billed or to be billed for professional services rendered by our former principal
accountant, Anton and Chia, LLP, for audit and review services for the year ended September 30, 2015 was $14,500. For
the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company was not required to have an audit of its internal controls over financial
reporting. 

Audit Related Fees  

 There were no fees billed or to be billed
for audit related services by our independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements, other than those previously reported in this Item 14, for the fiscal years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Tax Fees  

 The aggregate fees billed for professional
services rendered by our principal accountant, Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C., for preparation of tax returns during the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 were $0 and $0, respectively.  The aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our
former principal accountant, Anton and Chia, LLP , for preparation of tax returns during the years ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 were $0 and $0, respectively 

All Other Fees  

 The aggregate other fees billed for
professional services rendered by our principal accountant, Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C., and our former principal accountant, Anton
and Chia, LLP, during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $0 and $0, respectively. 

We do not have an Audit Committee. Our
Board pre-approves all auditing services and permissible non-audit services provided to us by our independent registered public
accounting firm. All fees listed above were pre-approved in accordance with this policy. 

ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  

(a)(3) Exhibits  

The following exhibits are hereby filed as part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference. 

2.1  
      Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016, by and among B. R. Johnson, Inc., William A. Harfosh, Michael V. Howard, Anthony C. Minieri, Arthur P. Brillanti, B.R. Johnson, LLC, William J. Maggio, Charles A. Rider, Richard F. Gioia and Justin M. Reich (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).   

3.1  
      Certificate of Incorporation of Regional Brands Inc., as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).   

3.2  
      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Regional Brands Inc., as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).   

4.1  
      Form of Subscription Agreement of Regional Brands Inc., dated as of November 1, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).   

10.1  
      Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016, by and among B.R. Johnson, LLC, the lending institutions party thereto and KeyBank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).   

10.2  
      Subordinated Promissory Note, dated as of November 1, 2016, issued by B.R. Johnson, LLC in favor of B. R. Johnson, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).   

10.3  
      Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016, by and between B.R. Johnson, LLC and Regional Brands Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).   

10.4  
      Management Services Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016, by and between B.R. Johnson, LLC, and Lorraine Capital, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).   

10.5  
      Limited Liability Company Agreement of B.R. Johnson, LLC, dated as of November 1, 2016, by and among Lorraine Capital, LLC, Regional Brands Inc. and BRJ Acquisition Partners, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).   

10.6  
      Securities Purchase Agreement among the Company and Merlin Partners LP, Ancora Catalyst Fund LP, and Steven N. Bronson, dated as of April 8, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 8, 2016).   

10.7  
      Registration Rights Agreement among the Company and Merlin Partners LP, Ancora Catalyst Fund LP, and Steven N. Bronson, dated as of April 8, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 8, 2016).   

10.8  
      Management Services Agreement between the Company and Ancora Advisors, LLC, dated as of April 8, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 8, 2016).   

*  Filed herewith. 

**  This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the
liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

#  Indicates management contract or compensatory plans or
arrangements required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

REGIONAL BRANDS INC.  

CONTENTS  

Page    

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms    
     F-2   F-3  

Financial Statements:   

Balance Sheets   
      F-4   

Statements of Operations   
      F-5   

Statements of Changes in
    Stockholders  Equity (Deficiency)   
      F-6   

Statements of Cash Flows   
      F-7   

Notes to the Financial Statements    
      F-8   F-16   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Regional Brands Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheet of Regional Brands Inc. as of September 30, 2016, and the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes
in stockholders  equity (deficiency) and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Regional Brands Inc. as of September 30,
2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. 

/s/ Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C. 

Buffalo, New York 

 December 29, 2016 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors
and 

 Stockholders of 4Net Software,
Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheet of 4Net Software, Inc. (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2015, and the related statements of operations,
stockholders' deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended. 4Net Software Inc's management is responsible for these financial
statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. The financial statements
of the Company as of September 30, 2014 and for the year then ended were audited by other auditors, whose report dated December
29, 2014, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

We conducted our audit in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of 4Net Software, Inc. as of September
30, 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial
statements, the Company has no principal operations or significant revenue producing activities, which raises substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters is also described in Note 1. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ Anton and Chia, LLP  

Anton and Chia, LLP  

Newport Beach, CA    

January 6, 2016  

REGIONAL BRANDS INC.  

 (Formerly 4net Software, Inc.) 

  BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements 

REGIONAL BRANDS INC.  

 (Formerly 4net Software, Inc.) 

  STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements 

REGIONAL BRANDS INC.  

 (Formerly 4net Software, Inc.) 

  STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)  

  Years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements 

REGIONAL BRANDS INC.  

 (Formerly 4net Software, Inc.) 

  STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements 

Regional Brands Inc.  

  (Formerly 4net Software, Inc.)  

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Regional Brands Inc. (formerly 4net Software,
Inc.) (the  Company') was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1986. Regional Brands Inc. is a holding
company formed to acquire substantial ownership in regional companies with strong brand recognition, stable revenues and profitability.
Regional Brands has been pursuing a business strategy whereby it was seeking to engage in an acquisition, merger or other business
combination transaction with undervalued businesses (each, a  Target Company ) with a history of operating revenues
in markets that provide opportunities for growth. On November 1, 2016 (See Note 6) the Company's majority-owned subsidiary acquired
substantially all of the assets (the  Acquisition ) of B.R. Johnson, Inc. ( BRJ Inc. ), a seller and distributor
of windows, doors and related hardware as well as specialty products for use in commercial and residential buildings. 

Basis Of Presentation
at September 30, 2015- The accompanying financial statements were prepared on the basis of accounting principles applicable
to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and extinguishment of liabilities in the normal course of business.
As shown in the  accompanying financial statements, the Company had accumulated a deficit of approximately $ 3.4 million through
September 30, 2015.   As of September 30, 2015 the Company had no principal operations or significant revenue producing activities,
which raised substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The Company's financial statements did not include
any adjustments related to the carrying value of assets or the amount and classification of liabilities that might have been necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company's ability to establish itself as a going concern was dependent
on its ability to merge with another entity. The outcome of this matter could not be determined at that time. 

As detailed in other
Notes to the Financial Statements, subsequent to September 30, 2015, the Company has raised additional capital and its majority-owned
subsidiary acquired substantially all of the assets BRJ Inc., a seller and distributor of windows, doors and related hardware as
well as specialty products for use in commercial and residential buildings. 

Use of Estimates   - The preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S.
GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the financial statements and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates and be based on events different from those assumptions. Future
events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty; estimating, therefore, requires the exercise of judgment. Thus, accounting
estimates change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired or as additional information is obtained. 

Common Shares Issued     and  
  Earnings (Loss) Per Share   - Common shares issued are recorded based on the value of the shares issued or consideration
received, including cash, services rendered or other non-monetary assets, whichever is more readily determinable. The Company presents
basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share. Basic earnings (loss) per share reflect the actual weighted average number of shares
issued and outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are computed including the number of additional shares
that would have been outstanding if dilutive potential shares had been issued. In a loss period, the calculation for basic and
diluted earnings (loss) per share is considered to be the same, as the impact of potential common shares issued is anti-dilutive. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
- Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. The Fair Value Measurement Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy which
prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements).
These tiers include: 

Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets;   

Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and   

Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable.   

The Company s valuation techniques
used to measure the fair value of money market funds, certificate of deposits, and certain marketable equity securities were derived
from quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

In accordance with the fair value accounting
requirements, companies may choose to measure eligible financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. The Company
has not elected the fair value option for any eligible financial instruments. 

The table below presents the Company's
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016, aggregated by the level in the fair
value hierarchy within which those measurements fall. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured
at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis at September 30, 2016: 

The Company does not have any
fair value measurements within Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2016. 

Cash Equivalents      
All highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents.
Amounts included in cash equivalents on the accompanying balance sheet are money market funds whose adjusted costs approximate
fair value. 

Short-Term Investments      
The Company s investments are classified as available for sale. Management determines the appropriate classification of its
investments at the time of purchase and reevaluates the classifications at each balance sheet date. The investments are classified
as either short-term or long-term based on the nature of each security and its availability for use in current operations. The
investments are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported separately in other comprehensive income (loss).
Realized gains and losses are calculated using the original cost of those investments. During the year ended September 30, 2016,
the Company purchased 18,400 GDL FD cumulative Preferred Series B Shares for $932,115 and had an unrealized gain of $763. 

Also included within short-term investments
on the accompanying balance sheet is a certificate of deposit within a financial institution with a maturity date of six months
at the date of purchase. The adjusted costs of this instrument approximate fair value. 

Comprehensive Loss   - Comprehensive
loss is defined as the change in equity of the Company during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from
non-owner sources. It consists of net income (loss) and other income and losses affecting stockholders  equity that, under
U.S. GAAP, are excluded from net income (loss). The change in fair value of investments was the only item impacting accumulated
other comprehensive loss for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

1 for 1,000 stock split-  On
July 22, 2016, the Company filed a certificate of amendment (the  Amendment ) to the Company s Certificate
of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State to effect a 1 for 1,000 reverse stock split (the  Reverse
Split ) of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock and to reduce the number of shares of Common Stock
the Company is authorized to issue from 750,000,000 to 50,000,000 shares.  The Reverse Split became effective on July
26, 2016 (the  Effective Time ).  The Amendment, including the Reverse Split, was approved by the Board of
Directors of the Company and the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock by written
consent in lieu of a meeting. 

As a result of the Reverse Split, at the
Effective Time, every 1,000 shares of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock were automatically combined and reclassified
into one (1) share of Common Stock.  The Company rounded up any fractional shares, on account of the Reverse Split, to the
nearest whole share of Common Stock. The Company has prepared the financial, share and per share information included in this annual
report on a post-split basis.   

Share-Based Compensation Expense  
  The Company accounts for stock-based compensation under the provisions of FASB ASC 718  Stock Compensation.   This
statement requires the Company to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
based on the grant-date fair value of the award.  That cost is recognized over the period in which the employee is required
to provide service in exchange for the award, which is usually the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock options issued
and vesting to non-employees in accordance with ASC Topic 505-50  Equity - Based Payment to Non-Employees  and accordingly
the value of the stock compensation to non-employees is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date
at which a performance commitment is reached, or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments
is complete. Accordingly the fair value of these options is being  marked to market  quarterly until the measurement
date is determined. 

Income Taxes   - The Company
accounts for income taxes with the recognition of estimated income taxes payable or refundable on income tax returns for the current
year and for the estimated future tax effect attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards. Measurement of deferred income
items is based on enacted tax laws including tax rates, with the measurement of deferred income tax assets being reduced by available
tax benefits not expected to be realized in the immediate future. 

The Company reviews tax positions taken
to determine if it is more likely than not that the position would be sustained upon examination resulting in an uncertain tax
position. The Company did not have any material unrecognized tax benefit at September 30, 2016 or 2015. The Company recognizes
interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. During the years ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, the Company recognized no interest and penalties. 

Concentration of Credit Risk  
- The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts, which at times may exceed federally insured limits. The Company believes
it is not exposed to any significant credit risk as a result of any non-performance by the financial institutions. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
  In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No.
2014-15 ( ASU 2014-15 ),  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)   Disclosure
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  ASU 2014-15 requires a Company s
management to evaluate, at each reporting period, whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the
entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued and provide
related disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and
interim periods thereafter. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15 on its financial statements. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-16,  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.  This ASU
simplifies the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination. The amendments in this
ASU require that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in
the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. For public business entities, the ASU is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of the adoption of ASU 2015-16 on its financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,
 Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring
that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The guidance becomes effective for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to
have a material impact on the Company s financial position and/or results of operations. 

FASB ASU 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330):
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory . This ASU requires inventory within the scope of the guidance be measured
at the lower of cost or net realizable value. FASB ASU 2015-11 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December
15, 2016, with prospective application required. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the potential impact of
this ASU on the financial statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-9
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The new guidance requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to
which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. Subsequently, the FASB has issued
the following standards related to ASU 2014-09: ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):
Principal versus Agent Considerations  ( ASU 2016-08 ); ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  ( ASU 2016-10 ); and ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  ( ASU 2016-12 ).
The Company must adopt ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 with ASU 2014-09 (collectively, the  new revenue standards ). The
revenue standards will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective and permits the
use of either a retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company has not yet selected a transition method and
is currently evaluating the effect that the revenue standards will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Compensation   Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The standard is
intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax impact, classification
on the statement of cash flows and forfeitures. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016,
and interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU
2016-09 will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

In February 2016, an accounting pronouncement
was issued by the FASB to replace existing lease accounting guidance. This pronouncement is intended to provide enhanced transparency
and comparability by requiring lessees to record right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities on the balance sheet for
most leases. Expenses associated with leases will continue to be recognized in a manner similar to current accounting guidance.
This pronouncement is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted.
The adoption is required to be applied on a modified retrospective basis for each prior reporting period presented. The Company
has not yet determined the effect that the adoption of this pronouncement may have on its financial position and/or results of
operations. 

NOTE 2. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)  

The Company s authorized capital
consists of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value
$0.01 per share. 

On April 8, 2016, the Company entered into
and closed a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  SPA ) among the Company and Merlin Partners LP, Ancora Catalyst Fund
LP, and Steven N. Bronson (collectively the  Purchasers ), whereby the Company sold to the Purchasers the aggregate
amount of 370,441 shares of Common Stock for the aggregate purchase price of approximately $5,000,000 (including the cancellation
of all indebtedness that had been loaned to the Company by Mr. Bronson to fund operating expenses). In connection with the SPA,
the Company changed its name from 4Net Software, Inc. to Regional Brands Inc. The transactions contemplated by the SPA resulted
in a change of control of the Company from Steven N. Bronson to Merlin Partners LP, which purchased 240,786 shares of Common Stock
of the Company for the aggregate purchase price of $3,250,000.00, and Ancora Catalyst Fund LP, which purchased 92,610 shares of
Common Stock of the Company for the aggregate purchase price of $1,250,000.00. Merlin Partners LP and Ancora Catalyst Fund LP are
affiliates of Ancora Advisors, LLC, a related party. 

On April
8, 2016, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the  RRA ) among the Company and the Purchasers,
pursuant to the terms of the SPA. Under the RRA, the Company granted to the Purchasers certain registration rights related to the
aggregate 370,441 shares of the Company's common stock issued pursuant to the SPA and agreed to certain customary obligations regarding
the registration of such shares, including indemnification.   

NOTE 3. EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN  

On April 8, 2016, the Company adopted the
2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Equity Incentive Plan ). The maximum number of shares of the Company's common stock
available for issuance under the Equity Incentive Plan through the grant of non-qualified stock options is 135,000. Awards may
be granted to employees, officers, directors, consultants, agents, advisors and independent contractors of the Company and its
related companies. Stock based compensation includes expense charges related to all stock-based awards. Such awards include options,
warrants and stock grants. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued stock options that vest in 60 equal monthly
installments and expire in 15 years. 

The Company records share based payments
under the provisions of FASB ASC 718 Compensation - Stock Compensation.  Stock based compensation expense is recognized
over the requisite service period based on the grant date fair value of the awards. The fair value of each option grant is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 

The Company estimated the expected volatility
based on data used by its peer group of public companies. The expected term was estimated using the simplified method. The
risk-free interest rate assumption was determined using the equivalent U.S. Treasury bonds yield over the expected term. The Company
has never paid any cash dividends and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, the Company
assumed an expected dividend yield of zero. 

The following shows the significant assumptions
used to compute the share-based compensation expense for stock options granted during the year ended September 30, 2016: 

A summary of all stock option activity
for the year ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

The Company granted 51,791 options during
the year ended September 30, 2016. No options were exercised during the years ended September 30, 2016. The fair value of options
that vested during the year ended September 30, 2016 amounted to approximately $ 23,212 and the Company recorded stock compensation
expense for options vesting during the year ended September 30, 2016 of $23,212. 

The weighted-average grant date fair value
of options granted and vested during the year ended September 30, 2016 was $6.29. 

At September 30, 2016, there was approximately
$244,549 of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted
average period of approximately 4.5 years. 

NOTE 4 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

On April 8, 2016, the Company entered into
a Management Services Agreement (the  MSA ), between the Company and Ancora Advisors, LLC, whereby Ancora Advisors,
LLC agreed to provide specified services to the Company in exchange for a quarterly management fee in an amount equal to 0.14323%
of the Company s shareholders  equity (excluding cash and cash equivalents) as shown on the Company s balance
sheet as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company. The management fee with respect to each fiscal quarter of the Company
is paid no later than 10 days following the issuance of the Company s financial statements for such fiscal quarter, and in
any event no later than 60 days following the end of each fiscal quarter. For the year ended September 30, 2016, Ancora Advisors,
LLC agreed to waive payment of the management fee. 

The Company s former president and
principal executive officer had loaned the Company money to fund working capital needs to pay operating expenses. The loans were
repayable upon demand and accrued interest at the rate of 10% per annum. As of March 31, 2016, the aggregate principal loan balance
amounted to $186,196 and such loans had accrued interest of $63,804 through March 31, 2016. On April 8, 2016, pursuant to the SPA,
the Company issued to its former president and principal executive officer 18,522 shares of the Company s Common Stock in
full satisfaction his loans to the Company. 

Prior to May 12, 2016, the Company occupied
a portion of the offices occupied by BKF Capital Group, Inc., 31248 Oak Crest Drive, Suite 110, Westlake Village, California 91361
on a month to month basis for a fee of $50 per month paid to BKF Capital Group, Inc. The Company s former president and principal
executive officer is also the Chairman, CEO and controlling shareholder of BKF Capital Group, Inc. 

Effective May
12, 2016, the Company relocated its principal offices to 6060 Parkland Boulevard, Cleveland, OH 44124. The Company pays no rent
for the use of the offices, which are located at the corporate headquarters of Ancora Advisors, LLC. 

NOTE 5. INCOME TAXES  

The income tax provision (benefit) for
the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is summarized in the following table. 

The significant components of the deferred
tax assets and liabilities are summarized below. 

The Company has approximately $1,291,000
in federal net operating loss carryforwards ( NOL s ) available to reduce future taxable income.
These carryforwards begin to expire in  various years between 2018 and 2031. Due to the uncertainty as to the
Company s ability to generate sufficient taxable income in the future and utilize the NOLs before they expire, the
Company has recorded a valuation allowance to fully offset the NOLs, and the total net deferred tax assets, as well. 

Internal Revenue Code Section 382 ( Section
382 ) imposes limitations on the availability of a company's net operating losses and other corporate tax attributes as certain
significant ownership changes occur.  As a result of the historical equity instrument issuances by the Company, a Section
382 ownership change may have occurred and a study will be required to determine the date of the ownership change, if any. 
The amount of the Company's net operating losses and other tax attributes incurred prior to any ownership change may be limited
based on the Company's value.  A full valuation allowance has been established for the Company's deferred tax assets, including
net operating losses and any other corporate tax attributes.  

During the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits.  The Company s policy is to recognize interest accrued and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. 

The Company files income tax returns in
the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in the states of California and Florida. The tax years 2013-2015 generally remain open to examination
by these taxing authorities. 

A reconciliation of the income tax provision
using the statutory U.S. income tax rate compared with the actual income tax provision reported on the consolidated statements
of operations is summarized in the following table. 

NOTE 6. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On November 1, 2016, the Company's majority-owned
subsidiary, B.R. Johnson, LLC ( BRJ LLC ) acquired substantially all of the assets (the  Acquisition )
of B.R. Johnson, Inc. ( BRJ Inc. ), a seller and distributor of windows, doors and related hardware as well as specialty
products for use in commercial and residential buildings (the  Business ). Following the Acquisition, BRJ LLC will
carry on the Business. 

The Acquisition was consummated pursuant
to an Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016 (the  APA ). Total consideration for the Acquisition is
approximately $15.4 million (subject to customary working capital adjustments), including delivery by BRJ LLC of a promissory note
for $2,500,000 to BRJ Inc. (the  Note ), which is subordinate to the Debt Agreements, as described below. The Note
accrues interest at a rate of 5.25% per annum, payable quarterly, with the principal amount of the Note payable in equal quarterly
installments of $62,500 commencing on November 1, 2018 and maturing on November 30, 2021. 

The Company provided $10.95 million in
debt and equity financing to complete the Acquisition, including $7.14 million of the Subordinated Loan (as defined below) and
$3.81 million in preferred equity of BRJ LLC with the remainder from bank financing, the Note and entities affiliated with Lorraine
Capital, LLC. The Company holds 76.17% of the common membership interests and 95.22% of the preferred membership interests of BRJ
LLC, pursuant to the B.R. Johnson, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement (the  LLC Agreement ) entered into by and
among Lorraine Capital, LLC (which owns 20% of the common membership interests), Regional Brands Inc. and BRJ Acquisition Partners,
LLC (which owns the remaining 3.83% of the common membership interests and 4.78% of the preferred membership interests). 

For the purpose of financing the Acquisition and potential future
acquisitions, on November 1, 2016, the Company completed a private placement in which it issued 894,393 shares of its common stock
at a price per share of $13.50 and received aggregate gross proceeds of $12,074,306. 

Concurrently with the closing of the Acquisition
and in order to provide financing therefor, BRJ LLC entered into the following debt agreements (the  Debt Agreements ). 

Credit Facility  

Under its credit agreement with KeyBank,
N.A, BRJ LLC may borrow up to an aggregate amount of $6,000,000 (the  Credit Facility ) under revolving loans and letters
of credit, with a sublimit of $500,000 for letters of credit. The Credit Facility is payable upon demand of KeyBank, N.A., or the
lenders, or upon acceleration as a result of an event of default. At the closing of the Acquisition, $1,500,000 was drawn under
the Credit Facility to pay a portion of the purchase price and costs associated with the Acquisition, with the balance being available
for general working capital of BRJ LLC. 

Interest under the Credit Facility is payable
monthly, starting on November 30, 2016, and accrues pursuant to the  base rate  of interest, which is equal to the
highest of (a) KeyBank, N.A. s prime rate, (b) one-half of one percent (0.50%) in excess of the Federal Funds Effective Rate
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and (c) one hundred (100) basis points in excess of the London Interbank Offered Rate
for loans in Eurodollars with an interest period of one month, plus any applicable margin. The Credit Agreement also requires the
payment of certain fees, including, but not limited to, letter of credit fees. 

The Credit Facility is secured by substantially
all of BJR LLC s assets. The Credit Facility contains customary financial and other covenant requirements, including, but
not limited to, a covenant to not permit BRJ LLC s consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio to exceed 1.15 to 1.00. The Credit
Facility also contains customary events of default. 

Subordinated Loan  

Pursuant to a loan and security agreement
(the  Loan Agreement ) , the Company agreed to loan BRJ LLC $7,500,000 (the  Subordinated Loan ). The Company
participated $358,696 contribution of the Subordinated Loan to BRJ Acquisition Partners, LLC, an entity owned by individuals affiliated
with BRJ Inc. and Lorraine Capital, LLC. The Subordinated Loan accrues interest at a rate of 6% per annum, payable quarterly on
the first day of each calendar quarter. BRJ LLC is required to repay a portion of the principal amount of the Subordinated Loan
on each anniversary of the execution of the Loan Agreement. The Subordinated Loan matures on November 1, 2021 and is secured by
substantially all of BJR LLC s assets. The Subordinated Loan and the security interest created under the Loan Agreement are
subordinated to the Credit Facility and the security interest of the lenders under the Credit Facility. All of the covenants contained
in the Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference in the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement contains customary events of default,
including in the case of an event of default under the Credit Facility. 

BRJ Inc. had net  sales of approximately $27,613,000 and
net income of $1,700,000 for the year ending December 31, 2015. The Company is in the process of determining the fair value
of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The assets and liabilities are expected to include working capital items,
equipment, separately identifiable intangible assets, deferred taxes and goodwill, if any. The evaluation will be completed
during the measurement period following the Acquisition. 

BRJ LLC will be presented in
the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the periods subsequent to the Acquisition date. 

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

REGIONAL BRANDS INC.    

December 29, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Fred DiSanto   

Fred DiSanto   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the date
indicated. 

December 29, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Fred DiSanto   

Fred DiSanto   

Chief Executive Officer and Director   

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting
    Officer)   

December 29, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Carl
    Grassi   

Carl Grassi   

Chairman of the Board   

December 29, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Brian
    Hopkins   

Brian Hopkins   

Director   

December 29, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Jeff
    Anderson   

Jeff Anderson   

Director   

<EX-21.1>
 2
 v455635_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries  

Name   
       Jurisdiction of Organization    

B.R. Johnson, LLC (1)   
      Delaware   

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v455635_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification
Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
By Principal Executive  Officer 

I, Fred
DiSanto, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Regional Brands Inc .( Registrant') for the fiscal year September 30, 2016. 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed in
this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 29, 2016 

/s/ Fred DiSanto   

Fred
    DiSanto, Principal Executive  Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v455635_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

  Certification Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
By Principal Financial Officer 

I, Fred
DiSanto, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Regional Brands Inc .( Registrant') for the fiscal year September 30, 2016. 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed in
this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 29, 2016 

/s/ Fred DiSanto   

Fred
    DiSanto, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 v455635_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

Written Certification 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned hereby certifies in his capacity
as Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer of Regional Brands Inc. (the  Company ) that 

(a)  the Annual
Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(b)  the information
contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of such period
and the results of operations of the Company for such period. 

Dated: December 29, 2016 

/s / Fred DiSanto   

Fred
    DiSanto, Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 rgbd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rgbd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rgbd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rgbd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rgbd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rgbd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

