<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_814046_0000892626-16-000578_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>689145</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>49179</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>71567</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>138681</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>216257</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>189488</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000892626-16-000578.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110135151
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000892626-16-000578
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		29
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALP LIQUIDATING TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000814046
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		IRS NUMBER:				363507015
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-16976
		FILM NUMBER:		161987230

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O JMB REALTY CORPORATION
		STREET 2:		900 N MICHIGAN AVE
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60611
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312 915 1987

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O JMB REALTY CORPORATION
		STREET 2:		900 N MICHIGAN AVE
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARVIDA JMB PARTNERS L P
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000892626-16-000578.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 alp-20160930.htm
 ALP LIQUIDATING TRUST - FORM 10-Q - 9/30/16

United States 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

Quarterly Report under Section 13 or 15(d) 

 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

ALP LIQUIDATING TRUST  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Registrant's telephone number, including
area code  312-915-1987  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange
Act ) during the preceding 12 months (or for such a shorter period that registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [ X ]    No [   ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of  accelerated filer and large
accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
      [    ]  
       
      Accelerated filer  
      [     ]  

Non-accelerated filer  
      [    ]  
       
      Smaller reporting Company  
      [ X ]  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [     ]    No
[ X ] 

1   

       Table of Contents   

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Part I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       
       Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      3  

Item 2.  
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
      15  

Item 4T.  
       
       Controls and Procedures   
      16  

Part II  OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       
       Legal Proceedings   
      17  

Item 6.  
       
       Exhibits   
      17  

SIGNATURES    
      18  

2   

       Table of Contents   

Part I.  Financial Information  

    Item 1.  Financial
Statements  

ALP LIQUIDATING TRUST  

Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets  

(Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated condensed financial statements. 

3   

       Table of Contents   

ALP LIQUIDATING TRUST  

Consolidated Condensed Statements of
Operations  

For the Three and Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015  

(Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated condensed financial statements. 

4   

       Table of Contents   

ALP LIQUIDATING TRUST  

Consolidated Condensed Statement of
Changes in Unitholders  Equity  

For the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016  

(Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated condensed financial statements. 

5   

       Table of Contents   

ALP LIQUIDATING TRUST  

Consolidated Condensed Statements of
Cash Flows  

For the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

(Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated condensed financial statements. 

6   

       Table of Contents   

ALP LIQUIDATING TRUST  

Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial
Statements  

September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Operations  

On September 30, 2005,
Arvida/JMB Partners, L.P. (the  Partnership ) completed its liquidation by contributing all of its remaining assets to
ALP Liquidating Trust ( ALP ), subject to all of the Partnership's obligations and liabilities. Arvida Company ( Arvida ),
an affiliate of the general partner of the Partnership, acts as Administrator (the  Administrator ) of ALP. 

In connection with
its formation, ALP issued a total of 448,794 beneficial interest units to the partners of the Partnership ( Unit Holders ).
In the liquidation, each partner in the Partnership received a beneficial interest in ALP for each interest the partner held in
the Partnership. As a result, a partner's percentage interest in ALP remained the same as that person's percentage interest was
in the Partnership immediately prior to its liquidation. 

Upon completion of
the liquidation of the Partnership, pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ), ALP elected to become the successor issuer to the Partnership for reporting purposes under the Exchange Act and elect
to report under the Exchange Act effective September 30, 2005. ALP has assumed all reports filed by the Partnership prior to liquidation
of the Partnership under the Exchange Act. Throughout this quarterly report, references to ALP shall be deemed to include activities
of the Partnership prior to September 30, 2005. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Readers of this quarterly
report should refer to the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which are included in ALP s
2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 0-16976) filed on March 23, 2016, as certain footnote disclosures which would substantially
duplicate those contained in such audited financial statements, and which are required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
for complete financial statements, have been omitted from this report. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this quarterly
report have the same meanings as in the 2015 Annual Report. 

The unaudited consolidated
condensed financial statements and notes have been prepared on the same basis as the annual audited financial statements and include
all adjustments, which are in the opinion of management, necessary to present a fair statement of ALP's financial position, results
of operations and of cash flows as of and for the interim periods presented. The results of operations for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016
or for any other interim period or for any other future year. 

The carrying amount
of ALP s financial instruments, principally cash and cash equivalents, other assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses
approximate fair value at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

7   

       Table of Contents   

Basis of Presentation  

The Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued accounting guidance on when and how an entity should apply the liquidation basis of
accounting. Under the guidance, liquidation basis of accounting should only be used when liquidation is imminent, as defined in
the guidance. Liquidation basis of accounting requires an entity to measure its assets at the estimated amount of cash or other
consideration that it expects to collect and its liabilities at the amount otherwise prescribed under U.S. GAAP. ALP has assessed
the guidance and concluded that the liquidation of ALP is not imminent, as defined in the guidance. ALP will continue to monitor
whether liquidation is imminent and, thereby, evaluate whether liquidation basis of accounting is required. 

Until the ultimate
completion of the liquidation, winding up and termination of ALP, it is currently anticipated that ALP will retain all or substantially
all of its funds in reserve to provide for the payment of, the defense against, or other satisfaction or resolution of obligations,
liabilities (including contingent liabilities) and current and possible future claims, and pending and possible future litigation.
It is not possible at this time to estimate the amount of time or money that it will take to effect ALP's liquidation, winding
up and termination. That portion, if any, of the funds held in reserve that are not ultimately used to pay, defend or otherwise
resolve or satisfy obligations, liabilities or claims are currently anticipated to be distributed to the Unit Holders in ALP at
a later date and may not be distributed until the completion of the liquidation. At such time that ALP considers its liquidation,
winding up and termination to be imminent and its net realizable assets to be reasonably determinable, it expects to adopt the
liquidation basis of accounting. 

Various factors may
affect the timing of completing the liquidation, winding up and termination of ALP and the amount of liquidating distributions
of funds, if any, out of those retained in reserve. These factors include the time and expense to resolve all obligations, liabilities
and claims, including contingent liabilities and claims that are not yet asserted but may be made in the future. Among other things,
delays in resolving pending or threatened litigation or other asserted claims, currently unasserted claims that arise in the future
and other factors could result in a reduction in future distributions to Unit Holders in ALP and could extend the time, and significantly
increase the cost, to complete the liquidation, winding up and termination of ALP. While ALP intends to defend against asserted
claims where appropriate, it is currently not possible to identify or assess any defenses or counterclaims that may be available
to ALP, or the magnitude of any claims that may be asserted. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported or disclosed in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Significant
estimates include the ultimate outcome of contingencies. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

Cash and cash equivalents
may consist of U.S. Government obligations with original maturities of three months or less, money market demand accounts and repurchase
agreements, the cost of which approximates market value. ALP maintains funds in financial institutions that exceed the FDIC insured
limit. ALP does not believe it is exposed to any significant credit risk. 

8   

       Table of Contents   

Liabilities and
Professional Services  

Accounts payable and
accrued expenses primarily include professional services, legal fees, and expected litigation settlements. The liability also includes
real estate taxes, and other miscellaneous accruals. ALP accrues liabilities when costs are incurred and such costs can be reasonably
estimated. 

Indemnification
of Certain Persons  

Under certain circumstances,
ALP indemnifies the Administrator and certain other persons performing services on behalf of ALP for liability they may incur arising
out of the indemnified persons' activities conducted on behalf of ALP. There is no limitation on the maximum potential payments
under these indemnification obligations, and, due to the number and variety of events and circumstances under which these indemnification
obligations could arise, ALP is not able to estimate such maximum potential payments. However, historically ALP has not made payments
in material amounts under such indemnification obligations, and no amount has been accrued in the accompanying financial statements
for these indemnification obligations of ALP. 

Transactions with Affiliates  

The Administrator
or its affiliates are entitled to reimbursements for their direct expenses or out of pocket expenses related to the administration
and management of ALP. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Administrator or its affiliates were entitled
to reimbursements for legal, accounting, treasury and corporate services. Such costs, included in general and administrative expenses,
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $83,540 and $247,139, respectively, and $76,180 and $238,725 for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Amounts receivable
from or payable to the Administrator or its respective affiliates do not bear interest and are expected to be paid in future periods.
At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately $55,000 and $53,000 was payable to the Administrator or its
affiliates and is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Commitments and Contingencies  

As security for performance
of certain development obligations, ALP was contingently liable under performance bonds for approximately $48,000. These performance
bonds are fully collateralized. 

In late 2007 it was
determined that certain remnant parcels from past developments were still owned by ALP rather than by relevant homeowners associations
or public entities. These remnant parcels generally have no value and, to the extent hereafter deeded to third parties, will result
in no material proceeds to the Trust. ALP is working with relevant parties on some of these parcels to affect the transfer of these
parcels where feasible. However, certain of these parcels carry past-due taxes that include years where they had been assessed
on pre-subdivision values that, due to the passage of time and the expiration of local appeals periods, precluded their being deeded
over in the normal course. These taxes are non-recourse to ALP. While these parcels are being handled on a case-by-case basis,
where ALP is unable to effect a transfer whereby any material accrued taxes are waived by the taxing authority or assumed by the
transferee, ALP generally will allow such parcels to be acquired by third parties at tax sale in order to relieve ALP from any
future liabilities associated with them. ALP continues to work to transfer or otherwise dispose of the remaining parcels. The cost
of completing this process is not expected to be material, however ALP is unable to predict the time period required. 

9   

       Table of Contents   

ALP accrues legal
liabilities when it is probable that the future costs will be incurred and such costs can be reasonably estimated. Such accruals
are based upon developments to date, management's estimates of the outcome of these matters and its experience in contesting, litigating
and settling other matters. Based on evaluation of the Partnership's litigation matters and discussions with internal and external
legal counsel, management believes that an adverse outcome on one or more of the matters set forth below, against which no accrual
for loss has been made at September 30, 2016 and 2015 unless otherwise noted, is reasonably possible but not probable, and
that the outcome with respect to one or more of these matters, if adverse, is reasonably likely to have a material adverse impact
on the accompanying financial statements of ALP. 

The Partnership, the
General Partner and certain related parties as well as other unrelated parties were named defendants in an action entitled Rothal
v. Arvida/JMB Partners Ltd. et al., Case No. 03-10709 CACE 12, filed in the Circuit Court of the 17th Judicial Circuit in
and for Broward County, Florida. In this suit that was originally filed on or about June 20, 2003, plaintiffs purported to bring
a class action allegedly arising out of construction defects occurring during the development of Camellia Island in Weston, which
has approximately 150 homes. On May 9, 2005, plaintiffs filed a nine count second amended complaint seeking unspecified general
damages, special damages, statutory damages, prejudgment and post-judgment interest, costs, attorneys' fees, and such other relief
as the court may deem just and proper. Plaintiffs complained, among other things, that the homes were not adequately built, that
the homes were not built in conformity with the South Florida Building Code and plans on file with Broward County, Florida, that
the roofs were not properly attached or were inadequate, that the truss systems and installation thereof were improper, and that
the homes suffer from improper shutter storm protection systems. The case went to mediation on March 11, 2010. The case did not
settle then. The Arvida defendants have filed their answer to the amended complaint. The court concluded its hearings on the motion
to certify the class covering the homes in Camellia Island and certified the class by order dated September 16, 2010. On October
15, 2010, the Partnership filed its notice of appeal challenging the certification order. On June 1, 2011, the appellate court
affirmed the trial court s order certifying the class. The case was returned to the trial court for further proceedings including
trial. The parties and their insurers entered into various agreements in principle to settle this case and the related cases discussed
hereafter, some of which agreements have been finalized. On June 22, 2016, the court gave final approval of the settlement
of the Rothal class action. No appeal has been taken from the court s order approving the settlement and it is now final.
Disbursements of Rothal settlement proceeds is taking place. The related agreements that Arvida has with various other parties
and their insurers related to the funding of the settlement have been executed. Administration of the settlement is ongoing. The
amounts associated with ALP s share of the settlement are reflected in ALP s financial statements. 

10   

       Table of Contents   

On October 31, 2012,
the Partnership filed an action entitled ALP Liquidating Trust, et al. v. Waterproofing Systems of Miami, Inc. et al. in the Circuit
Court of the 11 th  Judicial Circuit in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida, Case No. 12-42903 CA-06. The case arises out
of and in connection with the Rothal claims against the Partnership and related insurance litigation ( Rothal Claims ).
The defendants include Waterproofing Systems of Miami, Inc. ( Waterproofing ), the alleged roofing subcontractor for
the homes involved in the Rothal action, Trinity Construction Corp. ( Trinity ), the alleged installer of the roofing
trusses involved in the Rothal action, and Quality Truss Inc. ( Quality Truss ), the alleged manufacturer of the roofing
trusses involved in the Rothal action. In the nine-count complaint for contractual indemnity, common law indemnity and negligence,
plaintiffs essentially allege that in the event they are held liable for defects and damages for the roofs and truss systems in
the Rothal action, which defects and damages are denied to exist, plaintiffs are entitled to recover from each damages, attorneys 
fees as provided by contract or applicable law, as the case may be, or such other relief that the Court may deem just and proper.
Waterproofing filed a motion to dismiss that was granted with leave to amend. The amended complaint was filed on February 25,
2014. The case has been transferred to the complex litigation division of the court. The December 1, 2014 trial date has been
struck. On January 31, 2015, the court denied various cross motions for summary judgment filed by Arvida, Waterproofing and
Trinity. Waterproofing filed an answer to the amended complaint and Arvida has replied. Trinity filed an answer to the amended
complaint and a counterclaim. In Trinity s counterclaim it seeks, among other things, a declaratory judgment that it has
no duty to indemnify or defend Arvida in the Rothal action and that it is entitled to its attorneys  fees and costs. Quality
Truss has filed an answer to the amended complaint. A mutual release and settlement agreement has been executed providing funding
for the settlement of the Rothal lawsuit and dismissal of this action. Administration of the settlement is ongoing. 

On June 23, 2011,
the Partnership was sued in a case entitled, Investors Insurance Company of America ( Investors Insurance ) v. Waterproofing
Systems, Inc., et al., Case No. 0:11-cv-61408-DMM, United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida (Ft. Lauderdale).
In the complaint, as amended, an insurer for Waterproofing Systems, Inc. and Waterproofing Systems of Miami, Inc. ( Waterproofing ),
the alleged roofer of the homes and co-defendant in the Rothal case discussed above seeks a declaratory judgment order that it
owes no duty of indemnity or defense to Waterproofing for the damages sought in the Rothal complaint. In the Investors Insurance
complaint, as amended, the plaintiff declares that ALP has an interest in the plaintiff s policies that purport to cover
Waterproofing and by its complaint seeks an order that would attempt to effectively adjudicate ALP s rights to any coverage
benefits under the Investors Insurance policies. The Partnership has filed a motion to dismiss the case for lack of jurisdiction
and a motion to stay. The motion to dismiss Arvida was granted. The court determined that Investors Insurance had a duty to defend
its insured and the case was subsequently dismissed with prejudice except that the court reserved jurisdiction to determine whether
the insurer has a duty to indemnify once the underlying Rothal action concluded. A mutual release and settlement agreement has
been executed providing funding for the settlement of the Rothal lawsuit and dismissal of this action. Administration of the settlement
is ongoing. 

11   

       Table of Contents   

On January 19, 2012, the
Partnership was sued in a case entitled, Scottsdale Insurance Company v. Richard Rothal, et al., Case No. 2012-CA-03451, in the
Circuit Court of the Seventeenth Circuit in and for Broward County, Florida, Complex Litigation Unit. In this case, Scottsdale
Insurance Company ( Scottsdale ), an alleged insurer of Waterproofing Systems of Miami, Inc. ( Waterproofing ),
seeks a declaratory judgment against, among others, Waterproofing, the class certified in the Rothal action and the Partnership,
seeking a declaration of Scottsdale s rights and obligations under two commercial general liability policies it allegedly
issued over the years May 29, 2000 - May 29, 2002. The case has been transferred from the complex litigation unit to the trial
court handling the Rothal action. The declaration in this case seeks to affect the rights that Waterproofing, Rothal, and the Partnership
may have in these policies. On or about August 29, 2012, the Partnership filed an answer, affirmative defenses and a counterclaim
seeking, among other things, defense and indemnity in connection with the Rothal action. Scottsdale filed an answer to the Partnership s
counterclaim. A mutual release and settlement agreement has been executed providing funding for the settlement of the Rothal lawsuit
and dismissal of this action. Administration of the settlement is ongoing. 

On July 15, 2014, the Partnership
and affiliated and associated entities ( Partnership ) filed a two-count complaint for breach of contract and declaratory
judgment in the Circuit Court for the 11 th  Judicial Circuit in and for Miami Dade County, Florida entitled Arvida/JMB
Partners, et al v. Lexington Insurance Company, Case No. 14-018397 CA 01. This suit is filed against Lexington Insurance Company
( Lexington ) alleging, among other things, that Lexington has failed to timely pay the Partnership s defense
costs for the Rothal litigation. The Partnership alleges that Lexington is under an obligation to pay the Partnership s defense
costs on a timely basis under various insurance policies it wrote covering the roofer in the Rothal litigation and which obligate
Lexington to defend and indemnify the Partnership. The Partnership seeks damages, pre and post-judgment interest, attorneys 
fees and any further relief the Court deems equitable, just and proper. On September 19, 2014, Lexington filed an answer,
affirmative defenses, and a counterclaim to the Partnership s complaint. In the counterclaim, Lexington seeks, among other
things, a declaration that it has no duty to defend or indemnify the Partnership, that its duty to reimburse the Partnership for
fees should be shared with the Partnership s carriers and be more limited in amount and scope. Lexington joined Waterproofing
and Zurich in its counterclaim allegedly due to their interest in the outcome. Each of them filed a responsive pleading to the
Lexington counterclaim. The Partnership filed its reply to the Lexington counterclaim. A mutual release and settlement agreement
has been executed providing funding for the settlement of the Rothal lawsuit and dismissal of this action. Administration of the
settlement is ongoing. 

The following lawsuit
in large part allegedly arose out of landscaping issues at a certain subdivision in the Weston Community. In addition to the following
landscaping case, the General Partner has received letters from other homeowners' associations in the Weston Community complaining
about their landscaping. These associations have not filed suit. 

12   

       Table of Contents   

A case, The Ridges
Maintenance Association, Inc. v. Arvida/JMB Partners, et al., Case No. 03-10189 (05) (the  Ridges Case ), was filed on
or about June 6, 2003 in the Circuit Court of the 17th Judicial Circuit in and for Broward County, Florida. The defendants in this
action included Arvida/JMB Partners, Arvida/JMB Managers, Inc., Arvida Management Limited Partnership, CCL Consultants, Inc. ( CCL ),
Bamboo Hammock Nursery, Inc. ( Bamboo Hammock ), and Lagasse Pool Construction, Co. ( Lagasse ). Plaintiff
was alleged to be a homeowners' association representing the owners of approximately 1,500 homes and extensive common areas in
the Ridges subdivision in Weston. In the seven-count amended complaint that was filed on September 16, 2005, plaintiff sought unspecified
compensatory damages, prejudgment interest, court costs and such other and further relief as the court might deem just and proper.
In Count I, plaintiff sought damages from the Arvida defendants for alleged negligent design, construction and/or maintenance of
the landscaping and common elements that allegedly resulted in defects of the landscaping, sidewalks, irrigation systems, and community
pool. With respect to the landscaping claims, the plaintiff claimed that it evaluated the condition of the common areas after the
turnover of the community in January 2000 and alleged that it discovered numerous construction, design and maintenance defects
and deficiencies including, but not limited to, improper planting of inferior quality/grade of landscaping contrary to controlling
government codes, shallow planting of landscaping, landscape planting in inappropriate areas, and the planting of landscaping that
would uproot sidewalks. In Count II, plaintiff sought damages from CCL, the alleged civil engineer for the community, in connection
with the alleged negligent design, construction or maintenance of the common areas and elements. In Count III, plaintiff sought
damages from Bamboo Hammock, the alleged landscape engineer, architect, supplier, installer and/or designer, in connection with
alleged defects in the landscaping resulting in damage to, among other things, the landscaping and sidewalks. In Count IV, plaintiff
sought damages from Lagasse for alleged defects in the community pool. In Count V, plaintiff sought damages from Arvida/JMB Partners,
a general partnership in which ALP owns a 99.9% interest, and Arvida/JMB Managers, Inc., the former General Partner of the Partnership,
seeking to hold these entities vicariously responsible for the acts of CCL, Bamboo Hammock, and/or Lagasse. In Count VI, plaintiff
sought damages from the Arvida/JMB Partners and Arvida/JMB Managers, Inc. for various breaches of fiduciary duty. In this count,
plaintiff alleged that prior to the turnover of the community, these defendants engaged in acts that amounted to a breach of fiduciary
duty to plaintiff in that they, among other things, (i) allegedly improperly executed an amendment to the declarations of covenant
for their sole benefit and to the financial detriment of the plaintiff; (ii) allegedly engaged in acts that constituted a conflict
of interest; (iii) allegedly failed to maintain appropriate care, custody and control over the financial affairs of the homeowners'
association by failing to pay for common expenses; (iv) allegedly improperly transferred funds by and between plaintiff and a non-party,
The Town Foundation, Inc., which transfers allegedly amounted to a violation of these defendants' obligations to fund operating
deficits and a breach of fiduciary duty; and (v) allegedly transferred funds by and between various entities under their common
control in violation of Florida statute and their fiduciary duty to plaintiff. Plaintiffs voluntarily withdrew Count VII. The Arvida
defendants filed their answer to the amended complaint denying substantive liability and raising various defenses. Plaintiff filed
a motion to add punitive damages that was denied without prejudice. The case was transferred to the complex litigation unit of
the Broward County court system and was set for trial. Before trial, the case went to mediation on April 21, 2010 and settled.
The case settled for the payment of $100,000 to the plaintiff homeowners' association plus legal fees and costs. Such amounts were
paid on April 27, 2010. The Ridges remains subject to the purported reservation of rights letter despite the settlement of certain
disputes with the carrier discussed below. 

13   

       Table of Contents   

The Partnership has
received from Zurich certain purported reservation of rights letters in connection with certain of the landscaping cases. For this
and other reasons, on September 26, 2005, Arvida/JMB Partners, L.P., Arvida/JMB Managers, Inc., and Arvida Management L.P. (collectively
 Arvida ) filed a complaint, as amended, for declaratory relief and damages against Zurich American Insurance Co., individually
and as successor to Zurich Insurance Co. (collectively  Zurich ), Case No. 0514346 in the Circuit Court of the 17th Judicial
Circuit in and for Broward County, Florida. In this complaint, Arvida sought, among other things, a declaration of its rights under
its policies, attorney fees and costs, and such other relief as the court deems appropriate. On March 11, 2008, Arvida and Zurich
entered into an agreement to voluntarily dismiss the pending action pending further discussions about the potential settlement
of disputes regarding insurance coverage for the landscaping cases. Pursuant to the parties' agreement, the case was voluntarily
dismissed on April 9, 2008. In the third quarter of 2009, ALP entered into a settlement agreement with Zurich. As a result, the
parties have settled their differences with respect to the carrier's purported reservation of rights for two prior landscaping
cases, the Falls and Weston Lakes matters, which settled in September 2008 and December 2006, respectively, and the parties have
released each other with respect to any claims arising out of the defense costs and settlement payments for those matters. Further
under the terms of the settlement, the parties resolved their differences with respect to certain claims under agreements governing,
among other things, deductibles for a payment of $800,000. This payment was made in July 2009. Further, Zurich paid ALP approximately
$436,000 for the defense of the Rothal case through September 30, 2009 and paid certain amounts to ALP's outside counsel for the
defense of the Falls litigation. In September 2009, ALP was refunded approximately $328,000 from its outside counsel. 

Other than as described
above, the Partnership is not subject to any material legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the
business of the Partnership. ALP evaluates subsequent events up until the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. 

14   

       Table of Contents   

Item 2.  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Reference is made
to the notes to the accompanying financial statements ( Notes ) contained in this report for additional information concerning
the Liquidating Trust. 

This report, including
this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements.
Words like  believes,   expects,   anticipates,   likely,  and similar expressions used
in this report are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements give ALP's current estimates
or expectations of future events, circumstances or results, including statements concerning possible future distributions and the
amount of time and money that may be involved in completing the liquidation, winding up and termination of ALP. Any forward-looking
statements made in this report are based upon ALP's understanding of facts and circumstances as they exist on the date of this
report, and therefore such statements speak only as of that date. In addition, the forward-looking statements contained in this
report are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual events or circumstances, or the results
or performances of ALP, to be materially different from those estimated or expected, expressly or implicitly, in the forward-looking
statements. In particular, but without limitation, the accuracy of statements concerning possible future distributions to the holders
of the beneficial interest units (the  Unit Holders ) or the timing, proceeds or costs associated with completion of
a liquidation, winding up and termination may be adversely affected by, among other things, various factors discussed below. 

Overview  

Effective September
30, 2005, Arvida/JMB Partners, L.P. (the  Partnership ) completed its liquidation by contributing all of its remaining
assets to ALP Liquidating Trust ( ALP ), subject to all of the Partnership's obligations and liabilities. Arvida Company,
an affiliate of the general partner of the Partnership, acts as Administrator (the  Administrator ) of ALP. 

In connection with
its formation, ALP issued a total of 448,794 beneficial interest units to the partners of the Partnership. In the liquidation,
each partner in the Partnership received a beneficial interest in ALP for each interest the partner held in the Partnership. As
a result, a partner's percentage interest in ALP remained the same as that person's percentage interest was in the Partnership
immediately prior to its liquidation. 

Upon completion of
the liquidation of the Partnership, pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ), ALP elected to become the successor issuer to the Partnership for reporting purposes under the Exchange Act and elect
to report under the Exchange Act effective September 30, 2005. ALP has assumed all reports filed by the Partnership prior to liquidation
of the Partnership under the Exchange Act. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

ALP accrues liabilities
when it is probable that the future costs will be incurred and such costs can be reasonably estimated. Such accruals are based
upon developments to date, management's estimates of the outcome of these matters and its experience in such matters. Actual future
claims and contingencies could differ from the currently estimated amounts. 

15   

       Table of Contents   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

At September 30,
2016, ALP had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of approximately $11,948,000. The source of both short-term and long-term
future liquidity is expected to be derived from cash on hand, short term cash investments and income earned thereon. 

Until the ultimate
completion of the liquidation, winding up and termination of ALP, it is currently anticipated that ALP will retain all or substantially
all of its funds in reserve to provide for the payment of, the defense against, or other satisfaction or resolution of obligations,
liabilities (including contingent liabilities) and current and possible future claims, and pending and possible future litigation.
It is not possible at this time to estimate the amount of time or money that it will take to effect ALP's liquidation, winding
up and termination. That portion, if any, of the funds held in reserve that are not ultimately used to pay, defend or otherwise
resolve or satisfy obligations, liabilities or claims are currently anticipated to be distributed to the Unit Holders in ALP at
a later date and may not be distributed until the completion of the liquidation. At such time that ALP considers its liquidation,
winding up and termination to be imminent and its net realizable assets to be reasonably determinable, it expects to adopt the
liquidation basis of accounting. 

Results of Operations  

The interest and other
income at the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is due to the sale of three remnant parcels, two in July and
one in May 2016. 

The increase in accounts
payable and accrued expenses at September 30, 2016 as compared to December 31, 2015 and the associated increase in professional
services for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 are due to the timing of payments
made on litigation related expenses in which ALP is involved, the costs associated with the agreement in principle to settle certain
litigation and the amount of legal fee reimbursements received from insurance carriers. 

Item 4T. Controls
and Procedures  

Pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) promulgated
thereunder, the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of the Liquidating Trust have evaluated the effectiveness
of the Liquidating Trust's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such
evaluation, the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer have concluded that the Liquidating Trust's disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in this report was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the applicable
rules and form of the Securities and Exchange Commission for this report. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting  

There were no significant
changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or Rule 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

16   

       Table of Contents   

Part II.  Other Information  

Item 1.  Legal
Proceedings  

See Item 1 of the
Financial Statements included in Part I of this report. 

Item 6.  Exhibits  

(a)  
      Exhibits   

4.1  
      Liquidating Trust Agreement of ALP Liquidating Trust, dated as of September 30, 2005, by and among, Arvida/JMB Partners, L.P., Arvida Company, as Administrator, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Resident Trustee.   

31.1  
      Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is filed herewith.   

31.2  
      Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is filed herewith.   

32  
      Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are furnished herewith.   

(b)  
      No reports on Form 8-K were filed since the beginning of the last quarter of the period covered by this report.   

17   

       Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Partnership has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

ALP LIQUIDATING TRUST.    

By:  
     
         Arvida Company 
         as Administrator   

GAILEN J. HULL    

By:  
      Gailen J. Hull, Vice President   

Date:  
      November 10, 2016   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed on behalf of ALP Liquidating Trust by the following person
in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

GAILEN J. HULL    

By:  
     
         Gailen J. Hull, Chief Financial Officer 
         and Principal Accounting Officer   

Date:  
      November 10, 2016   

18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 alp-311.htm
 CERTIFICATION - PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER   

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/RULE 15d-14(a)  

   OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED   

I, Gary Nickele, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of  ALP Liquidating Trust  for the period ended September 30, 2016;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 alp-312.htm
 CERTIFICATION - PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/RULE 15d-14(a)  

   OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED   

I, Gailen J. Hull, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of  ALP Liquidating Trust  for the period ended September 30, 2016;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 alp-32.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS - PURSUANT TO 18 USC SECTION 1350

Exhibit 32   

CERTIFICATIONS OF  

  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED  

   PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

The following statement
is provided by the undersigned to accompany the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed pursuant to any provision of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 or any other securities law: 

Each of the undersigned
certifies that the foregoing Report on Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of ALP Liquidating Trust. 

Date:   November 10, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Gary Nickele  
       
      By:  
      /s/ Gailen J. Hull   

Gary Nickele 
         Chief Executive Officer  

Gailen J. Hull 
         Chief Financial Officer and 
         Principal Accounting Officer   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 alplt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 alplt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 alplt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 alplt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 alplt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 alplt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

