<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1679426_0001659173-16-000600_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1192859</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71202</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>108366</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>240533</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>361888</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>378659</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>48</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001659173-16-000600.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114084800
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001659173-16-000600
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ATI Modular Technology Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001679426
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOBILE HOMES [2451]
		IRS NUMBER:				813131497
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55699
		FILM NUMBER:		161990902

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 HOMEWOOD COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27609
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888) 406 2713

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 HOMEWOOD COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27609

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001659173-16-000600.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 atmodular310q20161102.htm
 10-Q - FIRST QUARTER

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
 FORM 10-Q  

[X] QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
OR 
[ ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1934 
 Commission file number: 000-55699  

ATI MODULAR TECHNOLOGY
CORP  
(EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN CHARTER) 

  Nevada  
(STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION) 

  000-55699  
(COMMISSION FILE NO.) 

  81-3131497  
(IRS EMPLOYEE IDENTIFICATION NO.) 

 4700 Homewood Court, Suite
100, Raleigh North Carolina 27609 
(ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES) 

 919-436-1888 
(ISSUER TELEPHONE NUMBER) 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes [X] No [ ] 

 Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes [X] No [ ] 

Large accelerated filer [    ]  
      Accelerated filer [    ]    
 
      Non-accelerated filer [    ]  
      Smaller reporting company [ X ]   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [X] 

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes
of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: As of November 1, 2016, the issuer had 126,715,690 shares of its common stock
issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I   
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
       PAGE    

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements  
       4    

Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and June 30, 2016  
       5    

Statement of Operations for three months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
       6    

Statement of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
       7    

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
       8    
 
      Item 2.  
      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       20    
 
      Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
       27    
 
      Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
       27    

PART II  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
       28    
 
      Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
       28    
 
      Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
       28    
 
      Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
       28    
 
      Item 5.  
      Other Information  
       28    

Exhibits  
       29    

Signatures  
       30    

PART I - FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 
Item 1. Financial Statements. 
ATI Modular Technology Corp. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
Contents  

ATI Modular Technology Corp.  
   Balance Sheets  

See Notes to Financial Statements  

ATI Modular Technology Corp.  
 Statement of Operations  
(Unaudited) 

See Notes to Financial Statements  

ATI Modular Technology Corp.  
   Statement of Cash Flows  
(Unaudited) 

See Notes to Financial Statements  

ATI Modular Technology Corp.  
   Notes to Financial Statements   
 (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS  

ATI  Modular
Technology Corp., defined above and herein as the  Company  or the  Issuer,  formerly Global Recycle  Energy,
 Inc., was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 7, 2008. The Company is engaged in the development
and the exporting of modular energy efficient technology and processes that allow government and private enterprises in China to
use US-based methods for creating modular spaces, facilities, and properties. The Company is currently evaluating a physical location
for its operations in China along with a manufacturing facility. As with any business plan that is aspirational in nature, there
is no assurance we will be able to accomplish all of our objective or that we will be able to meet our financing needs to accomplish
our objectives. 

The Company entered into the Modular Services
Agreement with AmericaTowne, a related party and the majority and controlling shareholder of the Company, to support AmericaTowne s
obligations under the Shexian Agreement in designing, installing and manufacturing American modular technology for use in all government
and private buildings throughout Shexian County, and elsewhere in China. The terms and conditions of the Modular Services Agreement
with AmericaTowne and the Shexian Agreement are set forth above. 

Also, the Company has entered into the Jiangnan
Agreement and the Yongan Agreement in order to pursue the development of business opportunities involving modular technology and
investments, and business development. While we plan to have robust operations in the United States and international locations
to support the AmericaTowne concept and trade center, we expect the bulk of our operations and revenue will come from China. 

China's economy and its government impact our
revenues and operations. While AmericaTowne has an agreement in place with the government in Shexian, which we believe will lead
to the development of a major manufacturing facility in Shexian, and in turn revenue to the Company through the Modular Services
Agreement with AmericaTowne, there is no assurance that we will operate the facility successfully. Additionally, the Company will
need government approval in China to operate other aspects of our business plan. There is no assurance that we will be successful
in obtaining approvals from government entities to operate other aspects of our business plan. Finally, Mr. Perkins, as a control
person of each entity   AmericaTowne and the Company, might elect to forego certain obligations of AmericaTowne under the
Shexian Agreement or not enter into a more definitive agreement with the Shexian County Bureau, which in turn, could impact the
Company s ability to meet its business plan set forth herein. 

NOTE
    2.  SUMMARY  OF   SIGNIFICANT
  ACCOUNTING    POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation 

These financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). 

Interim Financial Statements 

These interim unaudited
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for interim
financial information. They do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles
for complete financial statements. Therefore, these financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited
financial statements and notes thereto contained in its report on Form 10 for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

 The financial statements
included herein are unaudited; however, they contain all normal recurring accruals and adjustments that, in the opinion of management,
are necessary to present fairly the Company's financial position at September 30, 2016, and the results of its operations and cash
flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The results of operations for the period ended September 30, 2016 are not
necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or the full year. 

Accounting Method 

The Company's financial
statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected a fiscal year ending on June 30. 

Use of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. In the
opinion of management, all adjustments necessary in order to make the financial statements not misleading have been included.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Financial Instruments  

The
carrying amount reported in the balance sheet for cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, interest payable
and short-term notes payable approximate fair value because of the immediate or short term maturity of these financial instruments.  

Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all
highly liquid investments with maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts' receivable are
stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. Management provides for probable uncollected amounts
through a charge to earnings and a credit to an allowance for bad debts based on its assessment of the current status of individual
accounts. Balances that are still outstanding after management has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a
charge to the allowance for bad debts and a credit to accounts receivable. 

Our bad debt policy is determined
by the Company's periodic review of each account receivable for reasonable assurance of collection. Factors considered are the
customer's financial condition, past payment history if any, any conversations with the customer about the customer's financial
conditions and any other extenuating circumstances. Based upon the above factors the Company makes a determination whether the
receivable are reasonable 2016 and 2015, based upon our limited history, our allowance for bad debt is just above bad debt we anticipate
will be written off for the year. 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to a significant concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. The
Company maintains deposits in federally insured financial institutions in excess of federally insured limits. However, management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant credit risk due to the financial position of the depository institutions in
which those deposits are held. 

Property, Plant, and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment
are initially recognized recorded at cost. Gains or losses on disposals are reflected as gain or loss in the period of disposal.
The cost of improvements that extend the life of plant and equipment are capitalized. These capitalized costs may include structural
improvements, equipment and fixtures. All ordinary repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 

Depreciation for financial
reporting purposes is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets: 

Office Equipment 
     5 years  

For the quarter ended September
30, 2016 depreciation expense is $208. 

Income Taxes 

Income taxes are provided in
accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 740 Accounting for Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability
is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carry forwards. Deferred tax
expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred
tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment. 

The Company was established
under the laws of the State of Nevada and is subject to U.S. federal income tax and Nevada state income tax, if any. Deferred income
tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities
that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts and are based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods
in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred
income tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

 Earnings per Share 

In February 1997, the FASB
issued ASC 260,  Earnings per Share , which specifies the computation, presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings
(loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock. ASC 260 supersedes the provisions of APB No. 15, and requires the
presentation of basic earnings (loss) per share and diluted earnings (loss) per share. The Company has adopted the provisions of
ASC 260 effective (inception). 

Basic earnings or net loss
per share amounts are computed by dividing the net income or loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.
Diluted earnings per share are the same as basic earnings per share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company. 

Impact of New Accounting Standards 

The Company does not expect
the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company's results of operations,
financial position, or cash flow. 

Pushdown Accounting and Goodwill 

Pursuant to applicable rules
(FASB ASC 80550S99) the Company used push down accounting to reflect AmericaTowne Inc. s ( ATI ) purchase of
86% of the shares of the Company's common stock. Joseph Arcaro, the Company s prior controlling shareholder entered into
an agreement to sell an aggregate of 100,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock to AmericaTowne effective upon the closing
date of the Share Purchase Agreement dated June 2, 2016. Joseph Arcaro executed the agreement and owned no shares of the Company's
common stock. This transaction resulted in AmericaTowne Inc. retaining rights, title and interest to 86% of issued and outstanding
shares of common stock in the Company. Joseph Arcaro was not, nor has ever been, a related party to AmericaTowne. 

The purchase cost for the
agreement was $175,000. The implied fair value of the Company s net assets is $203,133, which is used as a new accounting
basis for its net assets. Since there were no assets on the company's book on June 6, 2016, to make the company s net assets
$203,133, the Company recorded $206,992 in goodwill ($206,992-$3,859=$203,133  $3,859 was a liability of accounts payable).
Therefore, in recognizing push down accounting, the Company's net asset increased by the amount reflected by Goodwill. 

 Revenue Recognition 

The Company's revenue
recognition policies comply with FASB ASC Topic 605. The Company follows paragraph 60510S991 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification for revenue recognition. The Company will recognize revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The
Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer,
(iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 

The Company does not provide
unconditional right of return, price protection or any other concessions to its customers. 

There were no sales returns
and allowances from inception to September 30, 2016. 

Valuation of Goodwill 

We assess goodwill for potential
impairments at the end of each fiscal year, or during the year if an event or other circumstance indicates that we may not be able
to recover the carrying amount of the asset. In evaluating goodwill for impairment, we first assess qualitative factors to determine
whether it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less
than its carrying amount. If we conclude that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than
its carrying value, then no further testing of the goodwill assigned to the reporting unit is required. However, if we conclude
that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then we perform a two-step
goodwill impairment test to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment to be recognized,
if any. 

In the first step of the
review process, we compare the estimated fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value. If the estimated fair value
of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no further analysis is needed. If the estimated fair value of the reporting
unit is less than its carrying amount, we proceed to the second step of the review process to calculate the implied fair value
of the reporting unit goodwill in order to determine whether any impairment is required. We calculate the implied fair value of
the reporting unit goodwill by allocating the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of
the reporting unit as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. If the carrying value of the reporting
unit s goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, we recognize an impairment loss for that excess amount. In
allocating the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, we use industry
and market data, as well as knowledge of the industry and our past experiences. 

We base our calculation
of the estimated fair value of a reporting unit on the income approach. For the income approach, we use internally developed discounted
cash flow models that include, among others, the following assumptions: projections of revenues and expenses and related cash flows
based on assumed long-term growth rates and demand trends  expected future investments to grow new units  and estimated
discount rates. We base these assumptions on our historical data and experience, third-party appraisals, industry projections,
micro and macro general economic condition projections, and our expectations. 

We have had no goodwill
impairment charges for the three months ended September 30, 2016, the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units exceeded
its' respective carrying amount by more than 100 percent based on our models and assumptions. 

NOTE 3. GOING CONCERN  

The Company's financial
statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern
that contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The Company is still in
development stage and has not created sufficient revenue to cover any operating losses it may incur. Management's plans include
the raising of capital through the equity markets to fund future operations, seeking additional acquisitions, and generating of
revenue through our business. However, there can be no assurances the Company will be successful in its efforts to secure additional
equity financing and obtaining sufficient revenue producing contracts. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. 

NOTE 4. ACCOUNT RECEIVABLES   RELATED PARTIES  

The nature of the accounts
receivable for September 30, 2016 in the amount of $316,891 are for modular construction and technology services and utilization
of anticipated modular construction technology by ATI pursuant to the Modular Construction   Technology Services Agreement
between ATI and the Company dated June 28, 2016 (hereinafter, the  ATI Services Agreement ) and for the Sales and Support
Services Agreement with Yilaime on June 27, 2016 (the  Yilaime Services Agreement ). On September 30, 2016, the Company's
allowance for bad debt is $15,927, which provides a net receivable balance of $300,964. 

Bad debt expense was $9,677 for
the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

NOTE 5. SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY  

The Company incorporates
by reference all prior disclosures for the period identified herein. See Part II, Item 5. The stockholders' equity section of the
Company contains the following classes of capital stock as of September 30, 2016: 

Common stock, $
0.0001 par value: 250,000,000 shares authorized; 116,615,690 shares issued and outstanding; Preferred stock, none: 0 shares
authorized; but not issued and outstanding. 

NOTE 6. STOCK BASED COMPENSATION  

The Company entered into
an employment lock-up agreement on July 1, 2016 with Alton Perkins to serve as the Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. The term of Mr. Perkins' agreement is five years with the Company retaining an
option to extend in one-year periods. In consideration for Mr. Perkins' services, the Company has agreed to issue to his designee,
the Alton   Xiang Mei Lin Perkins Family Trust, 10,000,000 shares of common stock. The Company may elect in the future to include
money compensation to Mr. Perkins or his designee for his services provided there is sufficient cash flow. The shares have not
issued on September 30, 2016 and the Company accrued $500 for related compensation. 

NOTE 7. RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS  

The Company intends on relying
on other businesses controlled by our sole director and officer, and beneficial owner of the majority shares of common stock in
the Company   Alton Perkins, in implementing its business plan. 

Mr. Perkins is the control
person of Yilaime Corporation, AmericaTowne and AXP Holding Corporation. At this time, the purpose of the Company is to service
the construction and related technology needs of AmericaTowne under AmericaTowne s agreements with the Shexian County Investment
Promotion Bureau in developing an AmericaTowne community in the Hanwang mountains in Shexian, China. The Company also intends on
supporting these services in other AmericaTowne ventures at the invitation of the Xiamen Longyan City Chamber of Commerce, Xiamen/Longyan
China and the Xiamen City Growth Planning Agency in developing an AmericaTowne Community and an International School in Longyan
County China. 

The related export services
rendered to the Company in the implementation of its business plan cannot be provided by AmericaTowne or through the AmericaTowne
relationship. In order to avoid conflicts of interest, Mr. Perkins is of the opinion that there must be a separate and distinct
agreement between, in this case, the Company and AXP Holding Corporation. Furthermore, although other similar IC-DISC entities
exist, the Company is able to obtain better terms and conditions from AXP Holding Corporation in light of Mr. Perkins  control
of AXP Holding Corporation. 

AmericaTowne s Board
of Directors determined that operating and controlling a separate but related entity focused on the development and the exporting
of modular energy efficient technology and processes for government and private enterprises in China would be more prudent from
a risk mitigation and operational standpoint than providing these services under the AmericaTowne business plan. Furthermore, the
intent of the Company is to expand its services and relationships to other similar endeavors in projects not related to AmericaTowne,
thus the need to maintain and operate a separate entity. 

Cooperative Agreement (Shexian
County Government, China)  

The Company s majority
and controlling shareholder   AmericaTowne, is a party under the Cooperative Agreement with the Shexian County Investment
Promotion Bureau (the  Shexian Agreement ). Under the Shexian Agreement, AmericaTowne and the Shexian County Bureau
have agreed to a partnership in furthering the development of an AmericaTowne community in the Hanwang mountains. Although not
definitive at this time, the parties have agreed that, in consideration for AmericaTowne s investment of approximately $30,000,000
into the development, plus any additional tax paid to the local government, where applicable, the Shexian County Bureau will dedicate
local resources, including land (which AmericaTowne would be required to obtain rights through local bid invitation), and participation
with AmericaTowne in an agreed upon equity split through a future definitive agreement. 

The Company will be providing
construction and technology services to AmericaTowne in facilitating AmericaTowne s obligations under the Shexian Agreement.
The Company s ability to generate revenue under its agreement with AmericaTowne could be impaired in the event AmericaTowne
is not able to meet its obligations under the Shexian Agreement. Furthermore, Mr. Perkins, as a control person of each entity,
might elect to forego certain obligations of AmericaTowne under the Shexian Agreement or not enter into a more definitive agreement
with the Shexian County Bureau, which in turn, could impact the Company s ability to meet its business plan set forth herein. 

Sales and Support Services
Agreement (Yilaime Corporation)  

On June 27, 2016, we entered
into a Sales and Support Services Agreement with Yilaime Corporation, a Nevada corporation ( Yilaime ). Yilaime is
controlled by Alton Perkins, who is our sole director and officer. Yilaime, and another related-party   Yilaime Corporation
of NC, Inc. ( Yilaime NC ), are the holders of the majority of issued and outstanding shares of common stock in AmericaTowne,
Inc. ( ATI ), a Delaware corporation and fully-reporting company with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  SEC ). Mr. Perkins is also the Trustee of the Alton   Xiang Mei Lin Perkins Family Trust ( Perkins
Trust ) and the AXP Nevada Asset Protection Trust 1 ( AXP ), which holds 5,100,367 and 120,000 shares, respectively,
of the issued and outstanding common stock in ATI. Mr. Perkins is the beneficial owner of 20,674,484 shares of ATI, which equals
90.11% of issued and outstanding shares. Mr. Perkins is the beneficial owner of the majority and controlling interest in the Company
through his direct holdings, and beneficial holdings through Yilaime, AXP and the Perkins Trust. ATI, Perkins Trust and Mr. Perkins
beneficially own 110,117,593 shares, or 86%, of the Company s common stock. 

Under the Services Agreement,
Yilaime will provide the Company with marketing, sales and support services in the Company s pursuit of ATI Modular business
in China in consideration of a commission equal to 10% of the gross amount of monies procured for the Company through Yilaime s
services. In consideration of the right to receive this commission, Yilaime has agreed to pay the Company a quarterly fee of $250,000
starting on July 1, 2016. The Services Agreement is set to expire on June 10, 2020, absent
early termination for breach thereof by either party. Yilaime retains an option to extend the term under its sole discretion until
June 10, 2025 by providing written notice to the Company by March 10, 2019. Yilaime has agreed to be the Company s exclusive
independent contractor in providing the services in the Services Agreement, and has agreed to a non-compete and non-circumvent
agreement. 

Yilaime is obligated to provide
support services only in a manner that is deemed commercially acceptable by Yilaime and Yilaime has the sole right to determine
the means, manner and method by which services will be provided and at the time and location of its choosing. Furthermore, as the
control person of Yilaime, Mr. Perkins might make decisions he deems are in the best interests of Yilaime, which might be to the
detriment of the goals and objectives of the Company. 

Modular Construction  
Technology Services Agreement (AmericaTowne)  

On June 28, 2016, we entered
into a Modular Construction   Technology Services Agreement (the  Modular Services Agreement ) with AmericaTowne
Inc. ( ATI ), a Delaware corporation and fully-reporting company with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  SEC ). The impetus behind the Modular Services Agreement was the Company s Cooperative Agreement with the
Shexian County Government, China. Under the Cooperative Agreement, ATI and the Shexian County Bureau have agreed to a partnership
in furthering the development of an AmericaTowne community in the Hanwang mountains, Shexian, China. In addition, ATI, at the invitation
of the Xiamen Longyan City Chamber of Commerce, Xiamen/Longyan China and the Xiamen City Growth Planning Agency plan to pursue
the development of an AmericaTowne Community and an International School in Longyan County China. 

Under the Modular Services
Agreement, ATI Modular shall provide the  research, development, training and modular technology
in a manner deemed commercially acceptable by ATI based on its commercially reasonable requirements, plans and specifications,
which shall be agreed upon in advance of any substantial and material construction.  ATI will pay the Company a quarterly
fee of $125,000 per quarter. The initial fee was paid upon signing the Modular Services Agreement. The Services Agreement is set
to expire on June 10, 2020, absent early termination for breach thereof by either party. ATI retains an option to extend the term
under its sole discretion until June 10, 2025 by providing written notice to the Company by March 10, 2019. Yilaime has agreed
to be the Company s exclusive independent contractor in providing the services in the Services Agreement, and has agreed
to a non-compete and non-circumvent agreement. 

Interest Charge  
Domestic International Sales Agreement (AXP Holding Corporation)  

On June 29, 2016, we entered
into an IC-DISC Service Provider Agreement with AXP Holding Corporation, a Nevada corporation ( AXP Holding ) and related
party to the Company through Mr. Perkins control of AXP Holding. AXP Holding is an Interest Charge - Domestic International Sales
Corporation, or  IC-DISC . AXP IC-DISC tax-exempt status was authorized and approved by the United States Department
of the Treasury, Internal Revenue Service. As an IC-DISC, AXP Holding may, under certain conditions, act as a sister corporation
to entities and provide services to assist a company in obtaining lower tax rates on export income. In addition to the export tax
savings provided by AXP, AXP can provide an additional array of services including promoting the Company s export activities,
purchasing receivables from the Company at a discount through a factoring relationship, and providing the Company with working
capital loans. 

The term under the IC-DISC
Service Provider Agreement is set to expire on December 6, 2019, absent early termination for breach thereof by either party. AXP
retains the right to extend the term, exercising its sole discretion, to December 6, 2024 by providing written notice to the Company
by November 6, 2019. AXP has agreed to a non-compete and non-circumvent in providing the services under the IC-DISC Service Provider
Agreement. 

The Company has agreed to
pay AXP a commission fee up to the greater of 50% of the Company s export net income or 4% of the Company s export
gross receipts. The Company will determine the exact amount and the method of payment of the commission fee. The commission fee
shall be paid at the option of the Company periodically throughout the year, but no later than December 31 on annual basis. If
there is no commission fee due to no export sales, the Company will pay AXP an export service fee of $50,000. The export service
fee, if any, is due on or before December 31 on an annual basis. 

In addition, for referring
businesses from the Company s  Export Platform  or  Community,  AXP agrees to pay the Company 25%
of each  Sales Export Service Fee  charged and received as an  IC-DISC Commission  from each Exporter or
Licensee resulting from participating in the Export Platform or Community. This fee is called a  Group Export Consulting
Fee  in the IC-DISC Service Provider Agreement, and is due no later than fifteen business days after receipt from the Exporter
or Licensee, but no later than December 31 on an annual basis. For illustrative purposes, if AXP receives and or charges an Exporter
50% of its net export sales as a commission, and that value is $100,000, AXP would owe the Company 25%, or $25,000. Furthermore,
during the term, the Company shall pay AXP a flat fee of $5,000 per transaction for purchasing receivables from the Company, plus
an interest rate for such factoring at the prime rate plus one-percent. 

The Company recognizes and
confirms the requirements in ACS 850 10506 to disclose all related party transactions between the Company and related party transactions
and or relationships. 

The Company also leases office
space from Yilaime for $2,500/month. 

Pursuant to ASC 85010506,
the Company makes the following transaction disclosures for the quarter ended or as of September 30, 2016: 

For Statement of Operations: 

  (a)       
 $375,000 in revenues for ATI and Yilaime Services Agreements with the Company  

  (b)        
 $7,500 for general and administrative expenses for rent expenses the Company paid to Yilaime towards its lease agreement 
and 

  (c)      
 $159,773 of compensation expense for AXP Holding Corp charges for DISC. 

For Balance Sheet: 

  (a)      
 $118,717 net account receivables ATI owes to the Company  

  (b)     
 $182,247 net account receivables Yilaime owes to the Company  and 

  (c)      
 $5,312 advances to Officers-Alton Perkins. 

NOTE 8. INCOME TAXES  

Deferred income taxes reflect
the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes
and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

The cumulative tax effect
at the expected rate of 34% of significant items comprising the net deferred tax amount is at June 30, 2016 and 2015 as follows: 

Significant components of income tax expense for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows 

The Company had $28,695 and $0 of income tax liability as of September
30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively. 

NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

None. 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

   Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    

Information included or incorporated by reference
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain
as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of the Company. Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of
the date hereof. Forward-looking statements may contain the words  believes,   project,   expects, 
 anticipates,   estimates,   forecasts,   intends,   strategy,   plan, 
 may,   will,   would,   will be,   will continue,   will likely
result,  and similar expressions, and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Additionally, statements
relating to implementation of business strategy, future financial performance, acquisition strategies, capital raising transactions,
performance of contractual obligations, and similar statements may contain forward-looking statements. In evaluating such statements,
prospective investors and shareholders should carefully review various risks and uncertainties identified in this Report, including
the matters set forth under the captions  Risk Factors  and in the Company s other SEC filings. These risks and
uncertainties could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.
The Company disclaims any obligation to update or publicly announce revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect future
events or developments. 

Although forward-looking statements in this
Form 10-Q reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known
by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results and outcomes
may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those specifically addressed
under the heading  Risk Factors Related to Our Business  below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-Q.
Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form
10-Q. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). You can read and copy any materials we file
with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room, 100 F. Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. You can obtain additional information
about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet
site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC, including us. 

We disclaim any obligation to revise or update
any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this Annual
Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

General Description of Business  

We are an operating company engaged in the
development and the exporting of modular energy efficient technology and processes that allow government and private enterprises
in China to use US-based methods for creating modular spaces, facilities, and properties. We are in the business of all aspects
of modular construction, including but not limited to, (a) the furtherance of modular construction technology, education and development
in developed and undeveloped countries, (b) acquisition and/or installation of construction equipment, materials, furnishings,
adware, insulation, flooring, roofing, wiring, plumbing, heating and air conditioning, and landscaping, and (c) other businesses
directly or tangentially related to these lines of services, including assisting businesses and entrepreneurs in securing naming,
licensing or promotional rights, driving internet and media traffic, increasing visibility of product and name recognition, and
other services. As with any business plan that is aspirational in nature, there is no assurance we will be able to accomplish all
of our objectives or that we will be able to meet our financing needs to accomplish our objectives; however, we believe that we
are not a  shell company,  as defined under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Our CIK number is 0001697426, and we have
selected June 30 as our fiscal year. 

We are currently evaluating a physical location
for our operations in China along with a manufacturing facility. Our principal executive offices are located at 4700 Homewood Court,
Suite 100 in Raleigh, North Carolina. We are registered as a foreign business entity in the State of North Carolina. We lease the
office space from Yilaime Corporation, a Nevada corporation doing business in North Carolina, and a related party to the Company,
as set forth below. 

The Company was incorporated on January 2,
1969 as United Gold   Silver Co. ( UGS ). On February 17, 1971, UGS merged with Lucky Irish Silver, Inc., a Montana
corporation, and Deep Creek Mines, Inc., a Washington corporation, in which the surviving entity s name remained USG. On
November 29, 1999, USG merged with Auto America, Inc., ( Auto America ), a Delaware corporation, through the filing
of Articles of Merger resulting in the surviving entity changing its name from USG to Auto America. From 2002 to 2007, the State
of Washington automatically filed numerous Certificates of Administrative Dissolutions for Auto America for failure to file annual
reports. On May 14, 2007, Auto America filed its final Application of Reinstatement resulting in restoring the Company to good
standing. Also, on May 14, 2007, Auto America filed Amended Articles of Incorporation changing its name to Charter Equities, Inc.
( Charter Equities ). Charter Equities converted to an Arizona corporation on January 23, 2008. Shortly thereafter,
the Company converted to Nevada corporation and changed its name to Global Recycle Energy, Inc. We amended our articles of incorporation
on June 27, 2016, changing our name to ATI Modular Technology Corp. 

Description of Our Plan of Operation  

Our focus at this time is on performing our
duties and obligations under a series of pending operational agreements, discussed below, some of which are those related-party
agreements set forth in Item 1, Note 7, above,  see  Related Party Transactions. 

Cooperative Agreement (Shexian County Government,
China)  

The Company incorporates by reference the disclosures
regarding this agreement in Item 1, Note 7, above. 

Investment and Cooperation Agreement for
ATI Modular Green Building Manufacturing Project (Jiangnan)  

On September 8, 2016, the Company entered into
the Investment and Cooperation Agreement for ATI Modular Green Building Manufacturing Project with the Jiangnan Industry Zone in
Anhui Province (the  Jiangnan Agreement ). Under the Jiangnan Agreement, the Company has agreed to manufacture and
install modular buildings, and provide research into the development of green building module manufacturing. The Company has agreed
to provide appropriate technology and intelligent systems in providing modular building lifecycle services. The location of the
planned project is the New Material Industry Park in the Jiangnan Industry Zone in Anhui Province. The parties have projected a
cost of $30,000,000. 

The Company has agreed to grant the Jiangnan
Industry Zone audit, access, supervision, inspection and other rights. The Jiangnan Industry Zone has agreed to coordinate any
and all necessary services in securing benefits associated with the Company being a foreign investment enterprise, including but
not limited to, providing the site for the manufacturing facility, tax relief, access to financing and a  Project Headquarter 
for the Company, which is defined in the Jiangnan Agreement. 

The Jiangnan Agreement is not a definitive
agreement; rather, it is a memorialization of the parties  future intent as to the subject matter therein. The Company s
business plans and objectives could be impaired in the event the parties do not reach a definitive agreement. 

Investment and Cooperation Agreement for
ATI Modular Green Building Manufacturing Project (Yongan)  

On September 9, 2016, the Company entered into
the Investment and Cooperation Agreement for ATI Modular Green Building Manufacturing Project with the Yongan government in the
Fujian province (the  Yongan Agreement ). Under the Yongan Agreement, similar to the Jiangnan Agreement, the Company
has agreed to manufacture and install modular buildings, and provide research into the development of green building module manufacturing.
The Company has agreed to provide appropriate technology and intelligent systems in providing modular building lifecycle services.
The location of the planned project is Yongan city in the Fujian province, China. The parties have projected a cost of $30,000,000. 

The Company has agreed to grant the Yongan
government audit, access, supervision, inspection and other rights. The Yongan government has agreed to coordinate any and all
necessary services in securing benefits associated with the Company being a foreign investment enterprise, including but not limited
to, providing the site for the manufacturing facility, tax relief, access to financing and a  Project Headquarter 
for the Company, which is defined in the Yongan Agreement. The Yongan Agreement is not a definitive agreement; rather, it is a
memorialization of the parties  future intent as to the subject matter therein. The Company s business plans and objectives
could be impaired in the event the parties do not reach a definitive agreement. 

Sales and Support Services Agreement (Yilaime
Corporation)  

The Company incorporates by reference the disclosures
regarding this agreement in Item 1, Note 7, above. 

Modular Construction   Technology Services
Agreement (AmericaTowne)  

The Company incorporates by reference the disclosures
regarding this agreement in Item 1, Note 7, above. 

Interest Charge   Domestic International
Sales Agreement (AXP Holding Corporation)  

 The Company incorporates by reference the disclosures
regarding this agreement in Item 1, Note 7, above. 

The Company is in the early stages of its operations,
and many of its plans and objectives are aspirational in nature, and thus might never come to fruition. At this time, the Company
plans to retain engineering and architectural firms based in the United States who have extensive experience in developing modular
structures in the United States, China and other foreign locations based on market demand, which has not been thoroughly researched
to date. The Company has been focused on obtaining quotes, negotiating formal engagements and researching all aspects of the modular
construction industry. While the infrastructure is still in the developmental stage, the Company is confident that it has the experience,
or access to those with experience, in the modular construction field. 

The Company plans on engaging in onsite placement
and delivery of modular structures. Mr. Perkins has extensive experience in operating business in China. One of the reasons that
Mr. Perkins was sought out and invited to participate in developing the modular industry in China is that he was the co-chairman
of a construction company in China - Yilaime Foreign Partnership in Henghsui China. His experience with Yilaime Foreign Partnership
allows ATI Modular to call on local companies in China as well as modular companies and experts in the United States to help provide
on-site services. Yilaime Foreign Partnership is not a related party to the Company, ATI, Yilaime or AXP. 

In addition, the Company recently joined the
Modular Building Institute in Charlottesville, Virginia. In September of 2016, Mr. Perkins attended the Institute s annual
exposition in order to line up available suppliers, and experts in the modular construction field. 

We intend on offering support services in all
phases of modular construction. Our approach will be to focus on exporting United States based technology, services and equipment,
and general  know-how.  Exporters in our related company, AmericaTowne, are experienced in the modular field and we
plan on allowing those experienced exporters to participate in various levels of our program. 

The Company currently does not have a principal
supplier of raw materials. The Company has identified potential sources of raw materials in the United States through its membership
in the Modular Building Institute. One of our primary challenges will be pricing the source of raw materials and delivery to China.
We are also looking to potential raw material sources in China. 

To operate within China, the Company requires
approval of government officials in China. In both cases where the Company has signed Cooperative Agreements (and in the case of
the Shexian Agreement), and at the invitation of the local government, we have the approval to register and conduct business. 

Employees  

The Company currently has eight full-time employees. 

Emerging Growth Company  

We are an emerging growth company under the
JOBS Act. We shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest of: 

(a)
the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which it had total annual gross revenues of $1,000,000,000 (as such
amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All
Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest 1,000,000) or more; 

(b) the
last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities
of the issuer pursuant to an effective IPO registration statement; 

(c) the
date on which such issuer has, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than $1,000,000,000 in non-convertible debt; or 

(d) the
date on which such issuer is deemed to be a  large accelerated filer , as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 17,
Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. 

As an emerging growth company we are exempt
from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley. Section 404(a) requires Issuers to publish information in their annual reports concerning
the scope and adequacy of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. This statement shall also assess
the effectiveness of such internal controls and procedures. Section 404(b) requires that the registered accounting firm shall,
in the same report, attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures
for financial reporting. 

As an emerging growth company we are also exempt
from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the shareholder approval of executive compensation
and golden parachutes. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards
under Section 102(b)(2) of the Jobs Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have
different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this
election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

Going Concern  

Our auditor has expressed substantial doubt
about your ability to continue as a going concern. Our net loss after provision for income tax is $3,693, and we do not have sufficient
revenue to cover any further losses that may occur. 

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016  

The Company's revenue recognition policies
comply with FASB ASC Topic 605. The Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company will recognize revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned.
The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists,(ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the
sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. In fiscal year 2016, the Company achieved
$125,000 in revenue under the Modular Services Agreement with ATI. 

We can make no assurances that we will find
commercial success in any of our products. We also rely upon the Sales and Support Services Service Agreement with Yilaime for
revenues. We are implementing a new business plan and have very limited experience in sales expectations and forecasting in this
area. We also have not fully discovered any seasonality to our business as we end operations for the fourth quarter of 2016. Entering
the first Quarter of the next fiscal year, we intend on relying on both Yilaime and AmericaTowne, Inc. for operational support.
If we cannot achieve independent commercial success, we may need to continue to rely on Yilaime and AmericaTowne for support. If
either company at any time decides to alter or change materially our arrangement, we could experience a material adverse effect
on the Company. Additionally, the results of operations are based upon a limited view since the controlling interest was acquired
and a new business plan implemented. 

Our operating results for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 are summarized as follows: 

Revenues  

  During
the first quarter of 2016, the Company had sales of $375,000. In 2016, the Company's sales consisted of $125,000 under the Modular
Services Agreement with AmericaTowne, and $250,000 under the  Sales and Support Services Agreement    with
Yilaime for service fees. We can make no assurances that we will find commercial success in any of our revenue producing contracts.
We are a new company and thus have very limited experience in sales expectations and forecasting. We also have not fully discovered
any seasonality to our business as we began operations in the second quarter of 2016.  

Operating Expenses  

 Our expenses for the three months ended September
30, 2016 are outlined in the table below: 

Our operating expenses are largely attributable
to office, rent and professional fees related to our reporting requirements as a public company and implementation of our business
plan. 

  Net Income  

 As a result of our operations, the Company
reported net income after tax obligations of $131,078 for the first Quarter of 2016. 

  Liquidity and Capital Resources  

  Working Capital  

Cash Flow  

Cash Used by Operating Activities  

 Increase in accounts receivable was the main
contributing factor for our cash used in operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Cash Provided by Financing Activities  

 We received $140,118 from issuance of stock
for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

 We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

    Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk.  

 None. 

    Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

   Disclosure Controls
and Procedures   

 As required by Rule 13a-15
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated our company's
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the
period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded
that as of the end of the period covered by this report, these disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure
that the information required to be disclosed by our company in reports it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities
Exchange Commission and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our company's management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The conclusion
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective was due to the presence of the following material weaknesses in
internal control over financial reporting which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation
of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting
with respect to the requirements and application of both United States generally accepted accounting principles and Securities
and Exchange Commission guidelines. Management anticipates that such disclosure controls and procedures will not be effective until
the material weaknesses are remediated. 

 As described in Basis
of Presentation in this First Quarter Report for fiscal year 2016, the Company recently determined that a material weakness existed
in the Firm's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934)
as of September 30, 2016. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

 As a result of that determination,
the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have since concluded that the Firm's disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2016. 

We plan to take steps
to enhance and improve the design of our internal controls over financial reporting. During the period covered by this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses,
we plan to implement the following changes during our fiscal year ending June, 2017, subject to obtaining additional financing:
(i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii)
adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out above
are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are
unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner. 

 Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within
our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. 

  Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting  

 There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

  PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

 There are not presently
any material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or as to which any of its property is subject, and no such
proceedings are known to the Company to be threatened or contemplated against it. 

    Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds.  

 None. 

    Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

 None. 

    Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

 Not applicable. 

    Item 5. Other Information.  

 None. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

SIGNATURES  

 Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. 

  /s/Alton Perkins   
ATI MODULAR TECHNOLOGY CORP. 
By: Alton Perkins 
Its: Chairman of the Board, Chief 
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 

Date: November 14, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

ATI MODULAR TECHNOLOGY CORP. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Alton Perkins, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of ATI Modular
Technology Corp. for the First Quarter of 2016; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am the registrant s sole officer
and thus am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a.      
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
my supervision, to ensure, with a reasonable degree of certainty, that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b.      
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.      
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

d.      
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the registrant's board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.      
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information,
including but not limited to those identified in Item 4 (Controls and Procedures) in the registrant s quarterly report on
Form 10-Q; and 

b.      
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:   /s/ Alton Perkins    

 Alton Perkins 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

ATI MODULAR TECHNOLOGY CORP. 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Alton Perkins, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of ATI Modular
Technology Corp. for the First Quarter of 2016; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am the registrant s sole officer
and thus am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a.      
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
my supervision, to ensure, with a reasonable degree of certainty, that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b.      
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.      
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

d.      
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the registrant's board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.      
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information,
including but not limited to those identified in Item 4 (Controls and Procedures) in the registrant s quarterly report on
Form 10-Q; and 

b.      
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:   /s/ Alton Perkins    

 Alton Perkins 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

ATI MODULAR TECHNOLOGY CORP. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
ATI Modular Technology Corp. on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Alton Perkins, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)       The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)       The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

(3)       A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Secretary for ATI Modular Technology
Corp., and will be retained by the company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:   /s/ Alton Perkins    

 Alton Perkins 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 e322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

ATI MODULAR TECHNOLOGY CORP. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
ATI Modular Technology Corp. on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Alton Perkins, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)       The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)       The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

(3)       A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Secretary for ATI Modular Technology
Corp., and will be retained by the company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:   /s/ Alton Perkins    

 Alton Perkins 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 grei-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 grei-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 grei-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 grei-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 grei-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 grei-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

