<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1574963_0001144204-16-132857_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4811762</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118072</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>240699</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1513261</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1993013</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>829274</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>81</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132857.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109170500
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132857
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			World Point Terminals, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001574963
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PETROLEUM BULK STATIONS & TERMINALS [5171]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36049
		FILM NUMBER:		161985068

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8235 FORSYTH BLVD., SUITE 400
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		314-889-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8235 FORSYTH BLVD., SUITE 400
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132857.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451591_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

Commission file number: 001-36049 

World
Point Terminals, LP   

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Its Charter) 

Delaware   
       
       46-2598540    
 
       (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
                                                                                   Incorporation or Organization)   
       
      (IRS Employer Identification No.)   

8235 Forsyth Blvd., Suite 400  

  St. Louis, Missouri 63105  

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(314) 889-9660  

 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    
     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    
     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one): 

Large
accelerated filer      
     
         Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated filer     
         (do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting
company       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    
    No     

On November 9, 2016, the Registrant had 18,375,507 Common Units
and 16,485,507 Subordinated Units outstanding. 

WORLD POINT TERMINALS, LP 
INDEX TO FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Part I. 

 Financial Information 

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements (Unaudited):  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Partners  Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2015 and the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   
      6   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
      7   
 
      Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      19   
 
      Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
      35   
 
      Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      35   

PART II. 

 Other Information 

PART I  

  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements.  

World Point Terminals, LP  

    Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015  

  (Dollars in thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

World Point Terminals, LP   

    Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Income  

  For the Three Months and Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per unit
amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

World Point Terminals, LP   

    Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows  

  For the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015  

  (Dollars in thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

World Point Terminals, LP  

    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Partners 
Equity  

  For the Year Ended December 31, 2015
and the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements of World Point Terminals, LP  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per unit
amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

1)  BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

Organization   

World Point Terminals, LP (the  Partnership )
is a Delaware limited partnership that was formed on April 19, 2013 by World Point Terminals, Inc. (our  Parent ) and
WPT GP, LLC (the  General Partner ). The Partnership, through its wholly owned subsidiary Center Point Terminal Company,
LLC ( Center Point ), owns, operates, develops and acquires liquid bulk storage terminals and related assets primarily
for the storage of petroleum based products, including light refined products, heavy refined products and crude oil. We operate
fee-based facilities located along the East Coast, Gulf Coast and Midwest regions of the United States. 

Basis of Presentation    

These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial
statements were prepared under the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial
statements. Accordingly, these financial statements do not include all of the disclosures required by GAAP and should be read along
with the Partnership s 2015 audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The Partnership s financial statements as of September 30, 2016, and for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, are unaudited and have been prepared on the same basis as the annual
consolidated financial statements. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of the accompanying
financial statements. 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

In management s opinion, the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments consisting of normal recurring accruals necessary for the fair
presentation of the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Information for interim
periods may not be indicative of the Partnership s operating results for the entire year. 

2)   EARNINGS PER UNIT AND CASH DISTRIBUTIONS    

Earnings per unit applicable to limited partners
(including subordinated unitholders) is computed by dividing limited partners  interest in net income, after deducting amounts
due pursuant to Incentive Distribution Rights ( IDRs ) by the weighted-average number of outstanding common and subordinated
units. Our net income is allocated to the limited partners in accordance with their respective ownership interests, after giving
effect to priority income allocations, including incentive distributions, if any, to the holders of IDRs, pursuant to our partnership
agreement. Earnings in excess of distributions are allocated to the limited partners based on their respective ownership interests.
Payments made to our unitholders are determined in relation to actual distributions declared and are not based on the net income
allocations used in the calculation of earnings per unit. The weighted-average number of units outstanding was as follows: 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements of World Point Terminals, LP  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per unit
amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

The end of the subordination period will occur upon
payment of the third-quarter 2016 distribution on November 14, 2016, at which time, each outstanding subordinated unit will convert
into one common unit and will thereafter participate on terms equal to all other common units in distributions of available cash. 

In addition to the common and subordinated units,
we have also identified the IDRs as participating securities and use the two-class method when calculating the earnings per unit
applicable to limited partners, which is based on the weighted-average number of common and subordinated units outstanding during
the period. Basic and diluted earnings per unit applicable to limited partners are the same because we do not have any potentially
dilutive units outstanding. 

The calculation of earnings per unit is as follows: 

Cash Distributions   

Our partnership agreement generally provides that
we will make our distributions, if any, each quarter in the following manner: 

first , to all unitholders, pro rata, until each unitholder
receives a total of $0.345  per unit for that quarter (the  first target distribution );     

second , 85.0% to all unitholders, pro rata, and 15.0% to the
holders of the IDRs, pro rata, until each unitholder receives a total of $0.375 per unit for that quarter (the  second target
distribution );     

third , 75.0% to all unitholders, pro rata, and 25.0% to the
holders of the IDRs, pro rata, until each unitholder receives a total of $0.45 per unit for that quarter (the  third target
distribution ); and     

thereafter , 50.0% to all unitholders, pro rata, and 50.0% to
the holders of the IDRs, pro rata.     

In each case, the amount of the target distribution
set forth above is exclusive of any distributions to common unitholders to eliminate any cumulative arrearages in payment of the
minimum quarterly distribution. The percentage interests set forth above assume that we do not issue additional classes of equity
securities. 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements of World Point Terminals, LP  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per unit
amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

Our unitholders and the holders of our IDRs will
receive distributions according to the following percentage allocations: 

The following table sets forth the distribution declared
in total and per limited partner unit attributable to the periods indicated: 

3)  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS   

The Partnership s financial assets and liabilities
consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, short-term investments, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

The Partnership has exposure to counterparty credit
risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, and other price risk with its financial assets and liabilities. The Partnership s
risk management program seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on the Partnership s financial performance and ultimately
shareholder value. The Partnership manages its risks and risk exposures through a combination of sound business practices, derivative
instruments and a system of internal controls. 

Credit Risk    Credit risk arises
from cash held with banks, credit exposure to customers (including outstanding accounts receivable), and counterparty risk associated
with certain of the Partnership s short-term investments. 

Cash and cash equivalents consist of bank balances.
Credit risk associated with cash is minimized by ensuring that these financial assets are held at high quality financial institutions. 

Accounts receivable consists primarily of trade accounts
receivable from storage related revenues. The Partnership s credit risk arises from the possibility that a counterparty which
owes the Partnership money is unable or unwilling to meet its obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the contracts
with the Partnership, which would result in a financial loss for the Partnership. Credit risk associated with accounts receivable
is minimized by the business model and collection policies of the Partnership. Most of the Partnership s customers prepay
their obligations at the beginning of each month and/or the Partnership has custody of customer assets at its facilities. The assets
held by the Partnership belonging to its customers generally carry a market value well in excess of the accounts receivable balances
due. The Partnership conducts business with a relatively few number of customers, including one affiliated customer that comprised
approximately 40% and 38% of the Partnership s first nine months 2016 and 2015 revenues, respectively, and another customer
that comprised approximately 11% and 12% of the Partnership s first nine months 2016 and 2015 revenues, respectively, under
both short-term and long-term contracts. A large portion of the Partnership s annual expenses are fixed and, accordingly,
the Partnership s ability to meet its ongoing obligations is dependent upon its ability to retain existing customers and/or
attract new ones. 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements of World Point Terminals, LP  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per unit
amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

The carrying amounts of accounts receivable are reduced
through the use of an allowance for doubtful accounts and the amount of the loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of
income. The allowance for doubtful accounts is determined by specific customer balance analysis. When a receivable balance is considered
uncollectable, it is written off against the allowance for accounts receivable. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written
off reduce expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Historically trade credit losses have been minimal. 

The Partnership has equity investments in marketable
securities, including common stocks, exchange-traded-debt, foreign equities and preferred stocks. The Partnership seeks to mitigate
risk of a financial loss by investing in what it considers to be high-quality instruments with quality counterparties. 

4)  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS   

The Partnership adopted the amendments to Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , for the consolidated
financial statements. The amendments require the use of a fair value hierarchy in order to classify the fair value disclosures
related to the Partnership s financial assets and financial liabilities that are recognized in the balance sheets at fair
value. 

The fair value hierarchy has the following levels: 

Level 1    Values based on
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2    Values based on
quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are
not active, or model based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market. 

Level 3    Values are generated
from model based techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market. Valuation techniques could include use
of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques. The Partnership does not currently have any instruments
with fair value determined using Level 3 inputs. 

The level in the fair value hierarchy within which
the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety is determined on the basis of the lowest level input that is significant
to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements of World Point Terminals, LP  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per unit
amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

The financial assets and financial liabilities, measured
at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets, consisted of the following as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

For assets and liabilities that are measured using
quoted prices in active markets, the total fair value is the published market price per unit multiplied by the number of units
held without consideration of transaction costs. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of
each class of financial instrument: 

Cash Equivalents    The carrying
value of cash equivalents represents fair value as it is based on active market quotes available for these assets and is classified
as Level 1. 

Short-Term Investments   The short-term
investments consist of investments in listed common stocks, exchange-traded-debt securities, foreign equities and preferred stocks.
The securities are valued using quoted prices from the various public markets. The securities trade on public exchanges, both domestic
and foreign, and can be accurately described as active markets. The observable valuation inputs are unadjusted quoted prices that
represent active market trades and are classified as Level 1. 

Long-Term Incentive Plan Liability    The
long-term incentive plan liability is the estimated value of unit appreciation rights granted to our employees, as calculated by
the Black-Scholes model. The liability is valued using significant assumptions that are observable in the market including an expected
risk-free rate, distribution yield, volatility rate, and life to maturity. The liability is classified as Level 2. 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements of World Point Terminals, LP  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per unit
amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

5)  ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL RECEIVABLES   

The following table displays a roll forward of the
allowance for doubtful trade receivables for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015: 

6)  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT   

Property, plant, and equipment consisted of the following
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

7)  TERMINAL ACQUISITIONS   

On September 14, 2015, the Partnership acquired a
terminal facility in Salisbury, Maryland which has a total shell capacity of 177,000 barrels for the storage of gasoline, ultra-low-sulfur
diesel, heating oil and ethanol. The terminal is served by truck and barge. The total fair value of the terminal was $965 and was
allocated to property, plant and equipment. There were no other identifiable assets or liabilities included in this acquisition. 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements of World Point Terminals, LP  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per unit
amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

On January 1, 2015, the Partnership acquired a terminal
facility in Greensboro, North Carolina which has a total shell capacity of 684,000 barrels for the storage of gasoline, distillate,
ethanol and jet fuel. The terminal is served by truck and connection to the Colonial Pipeline. The Partnership entered into a contribution
agreement with Apex Oil Company, Inc. and one of its subsidiaries, whereby the Partnership issued 1,550,000 common units to Apex
in exchange for the terminal. Based on the closing price of the Partnership s common units on December 31, 2014, the value
of the units issued represented approximately $31,186 in total consideration. The acquisition of the Greensboro terminal qualifies
as a business under the  Business Combinations  topic of the ASC. The allocation of the contribution consideration to the
assets acquired and liabilities assumed was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. Assets acquired and liabilities
assumed in the transaction were recorded at their estimated acquisition date fair values, while transaction costs associated with
the acquisition were expensed as incurred, other than $48 in closing costs which were recorded as property, plant and equipment. 

The Partnership has allocated the contribution consideration
to the assets acquired as follows: 

8)  ACQUIRED CUSTOMER CONTRACTS   

In connection with the acquisition of the terminal
facility in Greensboro, North Carolina, the Partnership allocated $5,700 of the consideration to acquired customer contracts. The
cost will be amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of five years. 

Acquired customer contracts consisted of the following
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements of World Point Terminals, LP  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per unit
amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

9)  COMMITMENTS   

The Partnership leases land and other use rights
at some of its facilities. These leases expire from March 31, 2017 through February 1, 2061. In accordance with the terms
of its lease with the Galveston port authority, in lieu of periodic lease payments, the Partnership is responsible for the maintenance
of the dock. Lease expense for the periods indicated were: 

Minimum rental commitments for all storage facilities
of the Partnership under existing non-cancelable operating leases for the remainder of 2016 and for the years ending December 31
thereafter are as follows: 

On August 14, 2013, Center Point entered into a $200,000
senior secured revolving credit facility with The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as administrative agent, and a syndicate
of lenders (the  Credit Facility ), which has an initial maturity date of August 14, 2018. The Credit Facility is available,
subject to certain conditions, for working capital, capital expenditures, permitted acquisitions and general partnership purposes,
including distributions and unit repurchases. In addition, the Credit Facility includes a sublimit of up to $20,000 for swing line
loans and permits the Partnership to enter into a pari passu credit facility for the provision of letters of credit in an aggregate
principal amount not to exceed $20,000 at any time. The Credit Facility also includes an accordion feature permitting increases
in the commitments under the Credit Facility by an aggregate amount up to $100,000. Substantially all of the Partnership s
assets are pledged as collateral under the Credit Facility, and the Partnership and its other subsidiaries entered into guarantees
of payment on behalf of Center Point for amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility. 

Center Point incurred costs of $910 associated with
the Credit Facility which will be amortized over the five-year term of the facility. Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear
interest at LIBOR plus an applicable margin. The terms of the Credit Facility contain certain covenants and conditions including
an interest coverage ratio and a total leverage ratio. Center Point was in compliance with such covenants as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015. In addition to interest associated with the borrowings, Center Point is obligated to pay a commitment fee
calculated on the balance of the unused portion of the Credit Facility. There have not been any borrowings on the credit facility.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Center Point had future estimated minimum loan commitment fees of $1,137 and $1,593,
respectively. Center Point incurred commitment fees, which have been recorded as interest expense, for the periods indicated as
follows: 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements of World Point Terminals, LP  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per unit
amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

11)  ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS   

The Partnership has recorded a liability for the
estimated costs of removing its terminal assets from those terminals located on leased land where the landowners have the right
to require the Partnership to remove the assets. The recorded liability was $686 and $658 at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively, which represents the present value of the estimated costs of removal. The maximum undiscounted liability is
estimated to be $10,135. This amount was discounted utilizing the Partnership s estimated, credit adjusted risk-free rate
and further adjusted by probability factors based on management s assessment of the likelihood of being required to demolish
certain assets. Should the landowners exercise their rights to require the Partnership to remove the terminal assets, the cash
outflows required to settle these obligations will occur on or around lease expiration dates ranging from July 13, 2034 to
February 1, 2061. 

The Partnership derives revenues from operating its
eighteen liquid bulk storage and terminal facilities. The eighteen operating segments have been aggregated into one reportable
segment because the facilities have similar long-term economic characteristics, products and types of customers. 

13)  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS   

The Partnership offers a defined contribution savings
plan. Under this plan, the Partnership matches the amount of employee contributions to specified limits. The Partnership s
employee benefit plan related expenses for the periods indicated were: 

The Partnership s taxable income flows through
to its partners, who generally will be responsible for the appropriate taxes due on the taxable income. However, the Partnership
or its subsidiaries continue to be treated as taxable entities and pay taxes in some state and local jurisdictions. 

The provision for income taxes from operations consists
of the following: 

The Partnership and its subsidiaries file income
tax returns in the U.S. and various states. With few exceptions, the Partnership is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, and
local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2012. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
Partnership did not have any unrecognized tax benefits recorded in the consolidated balance sheets. 

15)  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES   

The Partnership enters into transactions with companies
in which our parent, and its affiliates, are significant owners ( affiliate  or  affiliated company ).
The amounts shown below have been recorded at their exchange value, which is the amount of consideration agreed to by the related
parties. 

Affiliated companies provide management and marketing
services to the Partnership s facilities and are reimbursed for direct and indirect costs associated with those services,
which includes compensation of its employees and payment for supplies and equipment. Total charges for related party services were
as follows: 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements of World Point Terminals, LP  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per unit
amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

The Partnership earned storage revenue from affiliate
companies for the periods indicated of: 

The Partnerships assets and liabilities included
the following related party balances: 

The Partnership has entered into arrangements with
Apex to provide certain terminaling services at the Partnership s facilities. The arrangements establish the pricing and
require Apex to prepay for a portion of future services. The Partnership has recorded the prepayments as deferred revenue - affiliate. 

The non-affiliate deferred revenue balance is related
to storage service fees received in advance from terminal customers. 

The following table summarizes the Partnership s
deferred revenue activity: 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements of World Point Terminals, LP  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per unit
amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

The Partnership is subject to extensive environmental
laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Additionally, the Partnership has contingent liabilities with respect
to other lawsuits and other potential matters arising in the ordinary course of business. In management s opinion, the ultimate
outcome of these contingencies will not have a material impact on the results of operations, cash flows or financial condition
of the Partnership. As a result, the Partnership has not accrued for any loss contingencies in 2016 and 2015. 

18)  EQUITY-BASED COMPENSATION   

The Partnership has a Long-Term Incentive Plan (the
 LTIP ) for providing long-term incentives to our employees, directors and consultants who provide services to us. 
The plan is administered by the board of directors of our General Partner (the  Board of Directors ).  The Board
of Directors has authority to: (i) designate participants; (ii) determine types of awards; (iii) determine number of units covered
by the award; (iv) determine terms and conditions of awards; (v) determine how and when awards might be settled; and (vi) interpret
and administer the plan and take other such actions as might be necessary for the proper administration of the plan.  The
LTIP provides for the issuance of an aggregate of up to 3,000,000 Common Units to be granted either as options, restricted units,
phantom units, distribution equivalent rights, unit appreciation rights ( UARs ), unit awards, profits interest units
or other unit-based award granted under the plan.  As of September 30, 2016, we have granted awards totaling 340,000 restricted
units and 25,000 UARs. 

The restricted units vest over three years subject
to customary forfeiture provisions. Restricted units are included in the number of common units outstanding as presented on our
unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and are entitled to cash distributions, which are nonforfeitable, on the same basis
as the Common Units. The Partnership recorded non-cash compensation expense related to the restricted units as follows: 

The UARs vest over five years subject to customary
forfeiture provisions, and are not included in the number of common units outstanding as presented on our unaudited condensed consolidated
balance sheets or entitled to cash distributions. Non-cash compensation expense related to the UARs has been estimated using the
Black-Scholes model. Because the UARs may be settled in units or cash at the option of the participant, they have been recorded
utilizing the liability method. Non-cash compensation expense relating to the UARs was ($1) for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and $1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The exercise price of the UARs is the fair market value of a unit
on the grant date. 

The following table summarizes awards granted pursuant
to the LTIP through September 30, 2016. There were no forfeitures through September 30, 2016.  

1 
 Units awarded to directors of General Partner and Parent  

  2 
 Units awarded to the chairman of General Partner  

  3 
 UARs awarded to an employee of the General Partner  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements of World Point Terminals, LP  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per unit
amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

As of September 30, 2016, the Partnership had unrecognized
compensation expense of $1,107. 

On October 17, 2016 the Board of Directors declared
a cash distribution of $0.30 per unit for the period from June 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016. The distribution is payable
on November 14, 2016 to unitholders of record on October 28, 2016. 

Upon payment of the distribution on November 14,
2016, the end of the subordination period will occur on our 16,485,007 subordinated units, at which time, each outstanding subordinated
unit will convert into one common unit and will thereafter participate on terms equal to all other common units in distributions
of available cash. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read together with our unaudited consolidated financial statements,
including the notes thereto, set forth herein. The following information and such unaudited consolidated financial statements should
also be read in conjunction with our 2015 audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. You can identify our forward-looking statements by the words  anticipate,   estimate, 
 believe,   budget,   continue,   could,   intend,   may, 
 plan,   potential,   predict,   seek,   should,   will, 
 would,   expect,   objective,   projection,   forecast,   goal, 
 guidance,   outlook,   effort,   target  and similar expressions. 

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, these statements
are based on certain assumptions made by the Partnership based on management s experience, expectations and perception of
historical trends, current conditions, anticipated future developments and other factors believed to be appropriate. Accordingly,
our actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what we have expressed or forecast in the forward-looking statements.
Any differences could result from a variety of factors, including the following: 

the volumes of light refined products, heavy refined products and
crude oil we handle;    

the terminaling and storage fees with respect to volumes that we handle;

damage to pipelines facilities, related equipment and surrounding
properties caused by hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, fires, severe weather, explosions and other natural disasters and acts of
terrorism;     

leaks or accidental releases of products or other materials into the
environment, whether as a result of human error or otherwise;     

planned or unplanned shutdowns of the refineries and industrial production
facilities owned by or supplying our customers;     

prevailing economic and market conditions;     

difficulties in collecting our receivables because of credit or financial
problems of customers;     

fluctuations in the prices for crude oil and refined petroleum products;

liabilities associated with the risks and operational hazards inherent
in gathering, storing, handling and transporting crude oil and refined petroleum products;    

curtailment of operations due to severe weather disruption; riots,
strikes, lockouts or other industrial disturbances; or failure of information technology systems due to various causes, including
unauthorized access or attack;    

costs or liabilities associated with federal, state, and local laws
and regulations relating to environmental protection and safety, including spills, releases and pipeline integrity;     

costs associated with compliance with evolving environmental laws
and regulations on climate change; and     

other factors discussed below and elsewhere in  Risk Factors 
in our 2015 Form 10-K.    

When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep
in mind the known material risk factors and other cautionary statements set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015 in Part 1, Item 1A, Risk Factors.  Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements after the date they are made, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview of Business  

We are a fee-based, growth-oriented Delaware limited partnership
formed to own, operate, develop and acquire terminals and other assets relating to the storage of light refined products, heavy
refined products and crude oil. Our storage terminals are strategically located in the East Coast, Gulf Coast and Midwest regions
of the United States and, as of September 30, 2016, had a combined available storage capacity of 15.6 million barrels. On January
1, 2015, we acquired a terminal in Greensboro, North Carolina (0.7 million barrels), increasing our storage capacity 5%. On
September 14, 2015, we acquired a terminal in Salisbury, Maryland (0.2 million barrels), increasing our storage capacity an additional
1%. On August 14, 2016 we placed two newly constructed tanks (0.2 million barrels) into service, increasing our storage capacity
an additional 1%. Most of our terminal facilities are strategically located on major waterways, providing ship or barge access
for the movement of petroleum products, and have truck racks with efficient loading logistics. Several of our terminal facilities
also have rail or pipeline access. 

The following discussion analyzes our financial condition and
results of operations and should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015,
as well as historical condensed consolidated financial statements and notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 

Recent Developments  

CPT 2010, LLC, a subsidiary of World Point Terminals, Inc. (our
 Parent ) owns our 16,485,007 subordinated units. The end of the subordination period will occur upon payment of the
third-quarter 2016 distribution on November 14, 2016, at which time, each outstanding subordinated unit will convert into one common
unit and will thereafter participate on terms equal to all other common units in distributions of available cash. 

We recently completed construction of two tanks totaling 178,000
barrels of capacity at our North Little Rock terminal and placed the tanks in service during the third quarter of 2016. All of
the operational tank capacity is under contract with Apex Oil Company, Inc. ( Apex ) through at least August 14, 2017. 

On September 14, 2015, we acquired a terminal in Salisbury,
Maryland with a storage capacity of 177,000 barrels for the storage of gasoline, ultra-low-sulfur-diesel, heating oil and ethanol.
The terminal was purchased for $1.0 million and is served by truck and barge. Approximately 83% of the terminal capacity is under
contract with Apex through at least September 30, 2018. 

On January 1, 2015, we acquired a terminal in Greensboro, North
Carolina with a storage capacity of 684,000 barrels for the storage of gasoline, distillate, biodiesel and jet fuel. The terminal
is served by truck and the Colonial Pipeline. We entered into a contribution agreement with Apex and one of its subsidiaries whereby
we issued 1,550,000 common units to Apex in exchange for the terminal. Based on the closing price of our common units on December
31, 2014, the value of the units issued represented approximately $31.2 million in total consideration. 

How We Generate Revenues  

We operate in a single reportable segment consisting primarily
of the fee-based storage and terminaling services we perform under contracts with our customers. We generally do not take title
to the products we store or handle on behalf of our customers. For each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we
generated approximately 84% and 83%, respectively, of our revenue from storage services fees. Of our revenue for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, approximately 83% and 82%, respectively, consisted of base storage services fees, which are
fixed monthly fees paid at the beginning of each month to reserve dedicated tanks or storage space and to compensate us for handling
up to a base amount of product volume at our terminals. Our customers are required to pay these base storage services fees to us
regardless of the actual storage capacity they use or the volume of products that we receive. Our customers also pay us excess
storage fees for volumes handled in excess of the amount attributable to their base storage services fees. The remainder of our
revenues were generated from (1) ancillary fees for services such as heating, mixing and blending products, transferring products
between tanks, railcar loading and dock operations and (2) fees for injecting additives, some of which are mandated by federal,
state and local regulations. 

Refiners typically use our terminals because they prefer to
subcontract terminaling and storage services or their facilities do not have adequate storage capacity, dock infrastructure or
do not meet specialized handling requirements for a particular product. We also provide storage services to distributors, marketers
and traders that require access to large, strategically located storage capacity in close proximity to demand markets, export markets,
transportation infrastructure and refineries. Our combination of geographic location, efficient and well maintained storage assets
and access to multiple modes of transportation gives us the flexibility to meet the evolving demands of our existing customers,
as well as the demands of prospective customers seeking terminaling and storage services throughout our areas of operation. 

As of September 30, 2016, approximately 90% of our total available
storage capacity was under contract. During the five years ended December 31, 2015, more than 91% of our available storage capacity
has been under contract, on average. While many of our contracts provide for a termination right after the expiration of the initial
contract period, our long-standing relationships with our customers, including major integrated oil companies, have provided stable
revenue. Our top ten customers including Apex, which represent approximately 81% of our revenue for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, have used our services for an average of more than ten years. 

Factors That Impact Our Business  

The revenues generated by our storage business are generally
driven by our aggregate storage capacity under contract, the commercial utilization of our terminal facilities in relation to their
capacity and the prices we receive for our services, which in turn are driven by the demand for the products being shipped through
or stored in our facilities. Though substantially all of our terminal service agreements require a customer to pay for tank capacity
regardless of use, our revenues can be affected by (1) the length of the underlying service contracts and pricing changes and shifts
in the products handled when the underlying storage capacity is recontracted, (2) fluctuations in product volumes to the extent
revenues under the contracts are a function of the amount of product stored or transported, (3) changes in demand for additive
services, (4) inflation adjustments in storage services contracts and (5) changes in the demand for ancillary services such as
product heating, mixing or blending, transferring our customers  products between our tanks, railcar loading and dock operations. 

We believe key factors that influence our business are (1) the
long-term demand for and supply of refined products and crude oil, (2) the indirect impact that changes in refined product and
crude oil pricing has on terminal and storage demand and supply, (3) the needs of our customers together with the competitiveness
of our service offerings with respect to location, price, reliability and flexibility and (4) our ability and the ability of our
competitors to capitalize on growth opportunities and changing market dynamics. 

Supply and Demand for Refined Products and Crude Oil   

Our results of operations are dependent upon the volumes of
refined products and crude oil we have contracted to handle and store and, to a lesser extent, on the actual volumes of refined
products and crude oil we handle and store for our customers. An important factor in such contracting is the amount of production
and demand for refined products and crude oil. The production of and demand for refined products and crude oil are driven by many
factors, including the price for crude oil and general economic conditions. To the extent practicable and economically feasible,
we generally attempt to mitigate the risk of reduced volumes and pricing by negotiating contracts with minimum payments based on
available capacity and with multi-year terms. However, an increase or decrease in the demand for refined products and crude oil
in the areas served by our terminals will have a corresponding effect on (1) the volumes we actually terminal and store and (2)
the volumes we contract to terminal and store if we are not able to extend or replace our existing customer contracts. 

Refined Product and Crude Oil Prices   

Because we generally do not own the refined products or crude
oil that we handle and do not engage in the trading of refined products or crude oil, we have minimal direct exposure to risks
associated with fluctuating commodity prices. In addition, extended periods of depressed or elevated refined product and crude
oil prices can lead producers to increase or decrease production of refined products and crude oil, which can impact supply and
demand dynamics. 

Effective January 1, 2016 we entered into a profit-sharing agreement
with Apex at one of our terminals. In addition to the base storage services fees, we receive a percentage of the profit Apex realizes
on the stored product. The profit-sharing revenues received under this arrangement could be affected by changes in the commodity
price as well as other market factors such as demand for the commodity. Profit-sharing revenues of $0.3 million and $0.5 million
were generated during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

If the future prices of refined products and crude oil are substantially
higher than the then-current prices, also called market contango, our customers  demand for excess storage generally increases.
If the future prices of refined products and crude oil are lower than the then-current prices, also called market backwardation,
our customers  demand for excess storage capacity generally decreases. We seek to mitigate the impact of near-term commodity
market price dynamics by generally entering into long-term agreements with our customers that have significant base storage services
fee components. However, the market has experienced long periods of contango and backwardation that can impact the demand for and
supply of refined product and crude oil terminaling and storage services. 

Customers and Competition   

We provide storage and terminaling services for a broad mix
of customers, including major integrated oil companies, marketers, distributors and chemical and petrochemical companies. In general,
the mix of services we provide to our customers varies depending on market conditions, expectations for future market conditions
and the overall competitiveness of our service offerings. The terminaling and storage markets in which we operate are very competitive,
and we compete with operators of other terminaling facilities on the basis of rates, terms of service, types of service, supply
and market access and flexibility and reliability of service. In addition, we also compete with major integrated oil companies,
many of whom are also our customers, that own terminals. We continuously monitor the competitive environment, the evolving needs
of our customers, current and forecasted market conditions and the competitiveness of our service offerings in order to maintain
the proper balance between optimizing near-term earnings and cash flow and positioning the business for sustainable long-term growth.
Because of the significant investments we have made in maintaining high quality assets and because terminaling and storage are
our core business, we believe that we can be more flexible and responsive to the needs of our customers than many of our competitors. 

Organic Growth Opportunities   

Regional refined products and crude oil supply and demand dynamics
shift over time, which can lead to rapid and significant increases in demand for terminaling and storage services. At such times,
we believe the terminaling companies that have positioned themselves for organic growth will be at a competitive advantage in capitalizing
on the shifting market dynamics. Where feasible, we have designed the infrastructure at our terminals to facilitate future expansion,
which we expect to both reduce our overall capital costs per additional barrel of storage capacity and shorten the duration and
enhance the predictability of development timelines. Some of the specific infrastructure investments we have made that will facilitate
incremental expansion include dock capacity capable of handling various products and easily expandable piping and manifolds to
handle additional storage capacity. Our Galveston terminal has over fifty acres of available land that will allow us to greatly
increase our storage capacity should market conditions warrant. Accordingly, we believe that we are well positioned to grow organically
in response to changing market conditions. 

We have recently completed construction of two tanks totaling
178,000 barrels of capacity at the North Little Rock terminal that were placed in service during the third quarter of 2016. 

Factors Impacting the Comparability of Our Financial Results  

Our future results of operations may not be comparable to our
historical results of operations for the following reasons: 

In June 2014 when we acquired the Chickasaw terminal all of the acquired
tankage was not available for use. Some additional tankage has been made available for service and additional tankage is expected
to be made available in future reporting periods.     

In June 2014 when we acquired the Blakeley Island terminal all of
the acquired tankage was not available for use. The Blakeley Island terminal had no customers when it was acquired and had no revenue
in 2014. Beginning in January 2015, a portion of the tankage was placed under contract and additional tankage is expected to be
available for service in future reporting periods.    

We acquired the Salisbury terminal September 14, 2015, and did not
have any customers until October 1, 2015, and therefore we received no revenue from that facility prior to the fourth quarter of
2015.    

We recently completed construction of two tanks with a total storage
capacity of 178,000 barrels at our North Little Rock terminal. The tanks were placed in service on August 14, 2016, and therefore,
we received no revenue from the tanks prior to the third quarter of 2016.    

Overview of Our Results of Operations  

Our management uses a variety of financial measurements to analyze
our performance, including the following key measures: 

revenues derived from (i) storage services fees, including excess storage services fees, (ii) ancillary services and (iii)
additive services; and   

our operating and selling, general and administrative expenses.   

We do not utilize depreciation and amortization expense in our
key measures because we focus our performance management on cash flow generation and our assets have long useful lives. In our
period to period comparisons of our revenues and expenses set forth below, we analyze the following revenue and expense components: 

Revenues   

We characterize our revenues into three different types, as
follows: 

Storage Services Fees  . Our
customers pay base storage services fees, which are fixed monthly fees paid at the beginning of each month to reserve storage capacity
in our tanks and to compensate us for receiving up to a base product volume on their behalf. Our customers are required to pay
these base storage services fees to us regardless of the actual storage capacity they use or the amount of product that we receive.
Our customers also pay us additional fees when we handle product volume on their behalf that exceeds the volume contemplated in
their monthly base storage services fee. 

Ancillary Services Fees  . We
charge ancillary services fees to our customers for providing services such as (i) heating, mixing and blending our customers 
products that are stored in our tanks, (ii) transferring our customers  products between our tanks, (iii) at our Granite
City terminal, adding polymer to liquid asphalt, (iv) profit-sharing revenues at our St. Louis terminal and (v) railcar loading
and dock operations. The revenues we generate from ancillary services fees vary based upon the activity levels of our customers. 

Additive Services Fees  . We
generate revenue from fees for injecting generic gasoline, proprietary gasoline, lubricity, red dye and cold flow additives to
our customers  products. Certain of these additives are mandated by applicable federal, state and local regulations for all
light refined products, and other additives, such as cold flow additive, are required to meet customer specifications. The revenues
we generate from additive services fees vary based upon the activity levels of our customers. 

Operating Expenses   

Our operating expenses are comprised primarily of labor expenses,
utility costs, insurance premiums, repairs and maintenance expenses, environmental compliance and property taxes. A large portion
of these operating expenses are fixed, but can fluctuate from period to period depending on the mix of activities performed during
that period and the timing of these expenses. We seek to manage our maintenance expenses by scheduling maintenance over time to
avoid significant variability in our maintenance expenses and minimize their impact on our cash flow. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   

Selling, general and administrative expenses include costs not
directly attributable to the operations of our facilities and include costs such as professional services, compensation of non-operating
personnel and expenses of the overall administration of the Partnership. We incur additional personnel and related costs and incremental
external general and administrative expenses as a result of being a publicly traded partnership, including costs associated with
SEC reporting requirements, tax return and Schedule K-1 preparation and distribution, registered independent auditor fees, investor
relations activities, Sarbanes-Oxley Act compliance, stock exchange listing, registrar and transfer agent fees, incremental director
and officer liability insurance and director compensation. 

Results of Operations   

The following tables and discussion are a summary of our results
of operations for the periods indicated: 

The following table details the types and amounts of revenues
generated for the periods indicated: 

The following table details the types and amounts of our operating
expenses for the periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three
Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Revenues  . Revenues for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 increased $2.7 million, or 12%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Storage Services Fees.  Storage services fees increased
$1.8 million, or 9%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Base storage services fees.  Base storage services fees for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $1.6 million, or 9%, from the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily
as a result of the addition of new customer contracts at the Blakeley Island, Jacksonville and Galveston terminals, increased terminaling
activity at the Glenmont terminal and the addition of the Salisbury terminal in the fourth quarter of 2015, partially offset by
reduced base storage fees at the St. Louis terminal.     

Excess storage services fees.  Excess storage services fees
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $0.2 million, or 135% compared to the three months ended September 30,
2015 primarily as a result of increased terminaling activity at the Jacksonville terminal.    

Ancillary and Additive Services Fees . Ancillary and additive
services for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $0.9 million, or 28%, compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015 primarily as a result of increased railcar loading activity at the Chickasaw terminal, increased heating activity at the
Baton Rouge terminal, increased ethanol blending activity at the Jacksonville terminal and profit-sharing revenue earned at the
St. Louis terminal during 2016. 

Operating Expenses  . Total operating expenses for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $1.2 million, or 16%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.
This increase was primarily attributable to a (i) $0.7 million increase in other expense including environmental compliance costs
of $0.5 million incurred at the Newark terminal that are expected to be reimbursed by insurance, less a deductible, (ii) $0.6 million
increase in repairs and maintenance primarily due to periodic tank cleaning and repairs completed in the third quarter of 2016
and (iii) $0.1 million increase in utilities, offset by a (i) $0.1 million decrease in insurance expense and (ii) $0.1 million
decrease in property taxes. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  .
Selling, general and administrative expenses, including reimbursements to affiliates, for the three months ended September 30,
2016 decreased 2% compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily as a result of $0.1 million in directors 
fees that were incurred later in the year in 2015 than in 2016, offset by a $0.1 million increase in personnel costs and professional
fees. 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense  . Depreciation
and amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $0.5 million, or 8%, compared to the three months
ended September 30, 2015. This decrease is primarily due to terminal assets that became fully depreciated in December of 2015 and
January of 2016 at the Baltimore and Newark terminals. 

Interest Expense  . Interest expense consists primarily
of commitment fees paid to maintain the Credit Facility and amortization of associated costs over the term of the facility. Interest
expense remained unchanged for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest and Dividend Income  . Interest and dividend
income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased slightly compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.
This increase was attributable to higher amounts of short-term investments held during the third quarter of 2016. 

Gain on Investments and Other Net  . Gain
on investments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $0.1 million, or 84%, compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily attributable to a small mark-to-market loss on investments recorded in the third
quarter of 2016 as opposed to a $0.1 million gain during the third quarter of 2015. 

Income Tax Expense  . Income tax expense for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $0.1 million compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Income  . Net income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 increased $1.8 million, or 26%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Average Daily Terminal Throughput.   Average daily
terminal throughput for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased 17 mbbls, or 10%, compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015 primarily as a result of increased throughput at the Jacksonville and Galveston terminals. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Revenues  . Revenues for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 increased $2.8 million, or 4%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Storage Services Fees.  Storage services fees increased
$2.5 million, or 4%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Base storage services fees.  Base storage services fees for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $2.6 million, or 4%, from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily
as a result of additional tanks at the Blakeley Island terminal that were placed under contract during the first half of 2016,
new customers at the Galveston terminal, increased terminaling activity at the Glenmont terminal, and the addition of the Salisbury
terminal in the fourth quarter of 2015, partially offset by reduced base storage fees at the St. Louis terminal.     

Ancillary and Additive Services Fees . Ancillary and additive
services for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $0.3 million, or 3%, compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015 primarily as a result of increased railcar loading activity at the Chickasaw terminal, increased heating activity at the
Baton Rouge terminal, increased ethanol blending activity at the Jacksonville terminal and profit-sharing revenue earned at the
St. Louis terminal, partially offset by reduced polymer processing activity at the Granite City terminal caused by a disruption
in the Keystone Pipeline, reduced barge loading fees at the Newark terminal and reduced heating fees at the Pine Bluff terminal
during 2016. 

Operating Expenses  . Total operating expenses for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $1.0 million, or 4%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This
increase was primarily attributable to a (i) $0.9 million increase in environmental compliance costs incurred at the Newark terminal
that are expected to be reimbursed by insurance, less a deductible, (ii) $0.2 million increase in repairs and maintenance primarily
due to periodic tank cleaning and repairs, and (iii) $0.2 million increase in utility costs, offset by a $0.3 million decrease
in insurance expense. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  .
Selling, general and administrative expenses, including reimbursements to affiliates, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
increased $0.2 million, or 4%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of a (i) $0.2 million increase
in personnel and office expenses, (ii) $0.1 million increase in audit and tax preparation expenses and (iii) $0.1 million increase
in public company expenses, offset by a $0.2 million decrease in insurance and professional fees. 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense  . Depreciation
and amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $1.1 million, or 6%, compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. This decrease is primarily due to terminal assets that became fully depreciated in December of 2015 and
January of 2016 at the Baltimore and Newark terminals. 

Interest Expense  . Interest expense consists primarily
of commitment fees paid to maintain the Credit Facility and amortization of associated costs over the term of the facility. Interest
expense increased slightly for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest and Dividend Income  . Interest and dividend
income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $0.1 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
This decrease was attributable to lower amounts of short-term investments held during the first half of 2016. 

Gain on Investments and Other Net  . Gain
on investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $0.1 million compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to a mark-to-market gain on investments recorded at September 30, 2016 as opposed
to a loss at September 30, 2015. 

Income Tax Expense  . Income tax expense for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased slightly compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Income  . Net income for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 increased $2.7 million, or 11%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Average Daily Terminal Throughput.   Average daily
terminal throughput for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased 20 mbbls, or 11%, compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 primarily as a result of decreased throughput at the Galveston, Newark and Weirton terminals. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measure.   In addition to the
GAAP results provided in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, we provide a non-GAAP financial measure, Adjusted EBITDA. A reconciliation
from the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures to the non-GAAP measurement is provided below. We define Adjusted EBITDA
as net income (loss) before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization expense and equity based compensation
expense as further adjusted to remove gain or loss on investments and on the disposition of assets and non-recurring items. 

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP supplemental financial measure
that management and external users of our consolidated financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders and
rating agencies, may use to assess: 

our operating performance as compared to other publicly traded partnerships
in the midstream energy industry, without regard to historical cost basis or financing methods;    

the ability of our assets to generate sufficient cash flow to make
distributions to our unitholders;    

our ability to incur and service debt and fund capital expenditures;
and                        

the viability of acquisitions and other capital expenditure projects
and the returns on investment in various opportunities.    

We believe that the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA will provide
useful information to investors in assessing our financial condition and results of operations. The GAAP measures most directly
comparable to Adjusted EBITDA are net income and net cash provided by operating activities. Our non-GAAP financial measure of Adjusted
EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to GAAP net income or net cash provided by operating activities. Adjusted EBITDA
has important limitations as an analytical tool because it excludes some but not all items that affect net income. You should not
consider Adjusted EBITDA in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Because Adjusted EBITDA
may be defined differently by other companies in our industry, our definition of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly
titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility. 

The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA
to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures for each of the periods indicated: 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Liquidity   

Our principal liquidity requirements are to finance current
operations, fund capital expenditures, including acquisitions from time to time, and to service our debt. Our sources of liquidity
include cash generated by our operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and issuances of equity and debt securities.
We believe that cash generated from these sources will be sufficient to meet our short-term working capital requirements and long-term
capital expenditure requirements. 

Revolving Credit Facility   

On August 14, 2013, we entered into a $200 million senior secured
revolving credit facility. The revolving credit facility is available to fund working capital and to finance acquisitions and other
capital expenditures. Our obligations under the revolving credit facility are secured by a first priority lien on substantially
all of our assets. Borrowings under our revolving credit facility bear interest at a rate equal to LIBOR plus an applicable margin.
LIBOR and the applicable margin are defined in our revolving credit facility. The unused portion of the revolving credit facility
is subject to an annual commitment fee. 

The revolving credit facility contains covenants and conditions
that, among other things, limit our ability to make cash distributions, incur indebtedness, create liens, make investments and
enter into a merger or sale of substantially all of our assets. We are also subject to certain financial covenants, including a
consolidated leverage ratio and an interest coverage ratio, and customary events of default under the revolving credit facility.
We were in compliance with such covenants as of September 30, 2016. 

Capital Expenditures   

The terminaling and storage business is capital-intensive, requiring
significant investment for the maintenance of existing assets and the acquisition or development of new systems and facilities.
We categorize our capital expenditures as either: 

maintenance capital expenditures, which are cash expenditures (including expenditures for the construction or development of
new capital assets or the replacement, improvement or expansion of existing capital assets) made to maintain our long-term operating
capacity or operating income; or   

expansion capital expenditures, which are cash expenditures incurred for acquisitions or capital improvements that we expect
will increase our operating capacity or operating income over the long term.   

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our capital expenditures
were $15.8 million. Our capital spending program is focused on expanding our existing terminals where sufficient demand exists
for our services and maintaining our facilities. Capital expenditure plans are generally evaluated based on regulatory requirements,
return on investment and estimated incremental cash flow. We develop annual capital spending plans based on historical trends for
maintenance capital, plus identified projects for expansion, technology and revenue-generating capital. In addition to the annually
recurring capital expenditures, potential acquisition opportunities are evaluated based on their anticipated return on invested
capital, accretive impact to operating results, and strategic fit. 

Our capital expenditures for the periods indicated were as follows: 

Of the $11.2 million of expansion capital expenditures during
the first nine months of 2016, $1.1 million was used to modify terminal assets in order to have the ability to accept additional
products from customers and $10.1 million was used to add additional capacity at our terminals, including $7.6 million used to
bring additional tanks into service at the Chickasaw and Blakeley Island terminals and $2.5 million used to construct additional
tanks at the North Little Rock terminal. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, all capital expenditures were funded from
operations. 

We anticipate that maintenance capital expenditures will continue
to be funded primarily with cash from operations. We expect that we will utilize external financing sources, including borrowings
under our revolving credit facility and the issuance of debt and equity securities, in addition to cash from operations to fund
some of our future expansion capital expenditures. 

Cash Flows  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, investing
activities and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities  . Net cash
flows from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $0.4 million compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to a (i) $2.7 million increase in net income, and (ii) $1.2 million
distribution received from the CENEX joint venture, (iii) $0.7 million increase in the change in long-term deferred revenue and
other liabilities, offset by a (i) $3.0 million decrease in cash generated from working capital, (ii) $1.0 million decrease in
depreciation, and (iii) $0.2 million increase in unrealized gain on marketable securities and other non-cash income. 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities  . Net cash
flows used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased slightly compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily attributable to a (i) $1.8 million decrease in cash proceeds for the sale
of short-term investments and (ii) $1.0 million increase in short-term investment purchases, offset by a $2.8 million decrease
in capital expenditures. 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities  . Cash flows
used in financing activities consist of distributions paid to our unitholders totaling $31.4 million for each of the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

Contractual Obligations   

We have contractual obligations that are required to be settled
in cash. Our contractual obligations as of 

 September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

Future Trends and Outlook  

We expect that certain trends and economic or industry-wide
factors will continue to affect our business, both in the short and long term. We have based our expectations described below on
assumptions made by us and on the basis of information currently available to us. To the extent our underlying assumptions about
or interpretation of available information prove to be incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from our expected results.
Please read  Risk Factors  for additional information about the risks associated with our business and our common units. 

Existing Base Storage Contracts   

Some of our terminal services agreements currently in effect
are operating in the automatic renewal phase of the contract that begins upon the expiration of the primary contract term. While
a significant portion of our tankage may only be subject to a one year commitment, historically these customers have continued
to renew or expand their business. Our top ten customers have used our services for an average of more than ten years. 

During 2015, some customers did not renew their contracts.
As a result, approximately 580,000 barrels of tankage was placed under  spot  (month-to-month) contracts during the
first quarter of 2015, and 739,000 barrels were unutilized as of September 30, 2015, at the Galveston terminal. During the second
quarter of 2016, some spot contracts were terminated. As of September 30, 2016, 159,000 barrels of tankage remain under spot contracts,
and 470,000 barrels of tankage are unutilized at the Galveston terminal. There is no certainty that we will be able to keep the
remaining tanks under contract throughout 2016. In addition, there is no certainty that contracts expiring in 2016 will be extended
or that any extension or recontracting will result in the same level of revenue to the Partnership. 

The following table details the base storage services fees expected
to be generated over the next five years ending December 31, 2020 based on remaining contract terms at September 30, 2016 excluding
any consumer price index adjustments. 

Supply of Storage Capacity   

An important factor in determining the value of storage capacity
and therefore the rates we are able to charge for new contracts or contract renewals is whether a surplus or shortfall of storage
capacity exists relative to the overall demand for storage services in a given market area. We monitor local developments around
each of our facilities closely. We believe that significant barriers to entry exist in the refined product and crude oil terminaling
and storage business. These barriers include significant costs and execution risk, a lengthy permitting and development cycle,
shortage of personnel with the requisite expertise and the finite number of sites that are suitable for development. 

Entry of Competitors into the Markets in Which We Operate   

The competitiveness of our service offerings could be significantly
impacted by the entry of new competitors into the markets in which our terminals operate. We believe that significant barriers
to entry exist in the refined products and crude oil terminaling and storage business, particularly for marine terminals. These
barriers include significant costs and execution risk, a lengthy permitting and development cycle, such as environmental permitting,
financing challenges, shortage of personnel with the requisite expertise and the finite number of sites with comparable connectivity
suitable for development. Despite these barriers, there has been significant new construction of residual fuel storage facilities
along the Gulf Coast in recent years, which we believe may account for the reduced demand for long-term storage at the Galveston
terminal. 

Economic Conditions   

The condition of credit markets may adversely affect our liquidity.
In the recent past, world financial markets experienced a severe reduction in the availability of credit. Although we were not
substantially impacted by this situation because of the long-term nature of our customer contracts, possible negative impacts in
the future could include a decrease in the availability of credit. In addition, we could experience a tightening of trade credit
from our suppliers and our customers  businesses may be affected by their access to credit. 

Growth Opportunities   

We expect to expand the storage capacity at our current terminal
facilities over the near and medium term. In addition, we will selectively pursue strategic asset acquisitions from Apex and third
parties that complement our existing asset base or provide attractive potential returns in new areas within our geographic footprint.
Our long-term strategy includes operating fee-based, qualifying income producing infrastructure assets throughout North America.
Recent evidence of this strategy includes the January 2015 acquisition of the Greensboro, North Carolina terminal from Apex, as
well as the September 2015 acquisition of the Salisbury, Maryland terminal and the construction of additional tanks at our North
Little Rock terminal, which were placed in service in August 2016. We believe that we will be well positioned to acquire assets
from third parties should such opportunities arise, and identifying and executing acquisitions will be a key part of our strategy.
However, if we do not make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, our future growth will be limited, and it is possible
that any acquisitions we do make will reduce, rather than increase, our cash available for distribution per unit. 

Demand for Refined Products and Crude Oil   

In the near term, we expect demand for refined products and
crude oil to remain stable. Even if demand for refined products and crude oil decreases sharply, however, our historical experience
during recessionary periods has been that our results of operations are not materially impacted in the near term. We believe this
is because of several factors, including: (i) we mitigate the risk of reduced volumes and pricing by negotiating contracts with
minimum payments based on available capacity and with multi-year terms; as more of our contracts convert to annual agreements,
some of that mitigation is lost, and (ii) sharp decreases in demand for refined products and crude oil generally increase the short
and medium-term need for storage of those products, as customers search for buyers at appropriate prices. While the recent decline
in the prices of crude oil and petroleum prices may affect demand for those products and related demand for storage capacity, we
believe it is too soon to draw any conclusions as to what effect there may be on our business. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

Other than the unrecorded contractual obligations noted above,
we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

As of September 30, 2016, there have been no significant changes
to our critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in the Partnership s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.  

Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes
in market rates and prices. We do not take title to the crude oil, refined petroleum products and other products we handle and
store, and therefore, we do not have direct exposure to risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices. In addition, our terminal
services agreements with our storage customers are generally indexed to inflation and may contain fuel surcharge provisions designed
to substantially mitigate our exposure to increases in fuel prices and the cost of other supplies used in our business. 

At September 30, 2016, we did not have any borrowing under our
revolving credit facility, which carries a variable rate. We may use certain derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to variable
interest rates in the future, but we do not currently have in place any risk management contracts. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision and with the participation of management
of our general partner, including the general partner s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation
of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )), was conducted as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on this evaluation, management of our general partner concluded that the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures
as of the period covered by this report were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting during our last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

PART II  

  OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

We are not a party to, nor is any of our property subject to,
any material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business. However, from time to
time, we may be a party to, or a target of, lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings, including product liability, personal
injury, asbestos, patent and intellectual property, commercial, contract, environmental, antitrust, health and safety, and employment
matters, which we expect to be handled and defended in the ordinary course of business. While we are unable to predict the outcome
of any matters currently pending, we do not believe that the ultimate resolution of any such pending matters will have a material
adverse effect on our overall financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

In addition to the other information set forth in this report,
you should carefully consider the risks set forth in Part 1, Item, 1A,  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There has been no material change in our risk factors from those described in the Annual
Report. These risks are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
currently deem to be immaterial may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds.  

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

None. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

Exhibit   
       Description    
 
      3.1  
      Certificate of Limited Partnership of World Point Terminals, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-189396) filed on June 17, 2013).   
 
      3.2  
      First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of World Point Terminals, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-36049) filed on August 20, 2013).   
 
      3.3  
      Amendment No. 1 to First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of World Point Terminals, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-36049) filed on September 4, 2015).   
 
      10.1#*  
      Amendment to Terminaling Services Agreement dated as of August 15, 2016 by and between Center Point Terminal Company, LLC and Apex Oil Company, Inc.   
 
      10.2#*  
      Amendment to Terminaling Services Agreement dated as of September 1, 2016 by and between Center Point Terminal Company, LLC and Apex Oil Company, Inc.   
 
      10.3*  
      Amendment to Terminaling Services Agreement dated as of September 7, 2016 by and between Center Point Terminal Company, LLC and Apex Oil Company, Inc.   
 
      31.1*  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      31.2*  
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.1**  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.2**  
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      101.INS*  
      XBRL Instance Document.   
 
      101.SCH*  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   
 
      101.CAL*  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.DEF*  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.LAB*  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.PRE*  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   

* Filed herewith. 

** Furnished herewith. 

# Certain portions
have been omitted pursuant to a confidential treatment request. Omitted information has been filed separately with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

WORLD POINT TERMINALS, LP    

By: WPT GP, LLC, its General Partner   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By:  
     /s/ Jonathan Q. Affleck  

Jonathan Q. Affleck   

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v451591_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).  

AMENDMENT TO TERMINALING SERVICES AGREEMENT  

(August 15, 2016)  

This Amendment to Terminaling Services Agreement
is made as of the 15th day of August, 2016 between Center Point Terminal Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Terminal   ),
and Apex Oil Company, Inc., a Missouri corporation (   Customer   ). 

RECITALS 

A.      
 Terminal and Customer are party to that certain Terminaling Services Agreement dated August 14, 2013, as amended (collectively,
the    Agreement   ), which Agreement provides for the storage and handling of various petroleum products
as specified therein at the Terminal Facilities. 

B.      
 Terminal and Customer desire to amend the Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions contained herein. 

AGREEMENT 

In consideration of the foregoing, the mutual
covenants herein contained and other good and valuable consideration (the receipt, adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged by the parties by their execution hereof), the parties agree as follows: 

1.       
  Definitions.  All capitalized terms not otherwise expressly defined herein shall have the respective meanings given
thereto in the Agreement. 

2.       
  Amendments.  

2.1        Terminal
Facility.  Terminal agrees, pursuant to the terms and provisions of the Agreement, to reserve at its terminaling facility located
at 3206 Gribble St., N. Little Rock, AR (the    North Little Rock Facility   ) dedicated storage for Customer s
Products in tanks having gross shell capacity of 176,559 barrels and the North Little Rock Facility will be deemed a  Terminal
Facility  for purposes of the Agreement. 

2.2        Term .
The initial term with respect to the North Little Rock Facility shall commence on August 15, 2016, and continue for a period of
one (1) year (the    Initial Term   ). The agreement for storage at the North Little Rock Facility shall
automatically renew for successive one year terms after the end of the Initial Term (each such renewal term, the    Renewal
Term    and, collectively, the    Renewal Terms   ) unless either party notifies the other party
in writing at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to expiration of the Initial Term or the then current Renewal Term for
the North Little Rock Facility, as applicable, of its intent to cancel this agreement, in which event this agreement will terminate
with respect to the North Little Rock Facility at the end of such Initial Term or such Renewal Term, as applicable. 

SPECIFIC TERMS
IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS
BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH
TWO ASTERISKS (**).  

2.3        Charges .
Customer agrees to pay the per barrel storage rate listed on  Schedule B  for the North Little Rock Facility (the    Storage
Rates   ) on a monthly basis for the product volumes listed on Schedule B (the    Stipulated Volumes   )
and Customer further agrees to pay any applicable Excess Storage Fees and Ancillary and Additive Services Fees as provided in the
Agreement. 

2.4        Schedules .
Schedules A, B and C of the Agreement shall be amended to reflect the foregoing and the addition of the North Little Rock Facility. 

3.        No
Other Modifications.  Nothing contained herein in any way impairs the Agreement or alters, waives, annuls, varies or affects
any provision, condition or covenant therein, except as specifically set forth in this Amendment to the Agreement. All other terms
and provisions of the Agreement remain in full force and effect. 

[ Signature Page Immediately Follows ] 

SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this
Agreement as of the date first written above. 

CENTER POINT TERMINAL COMPANY, LLC 

By:  /s/ Ken Fenton                                 

 Name: Ken Fenton 

 Title: Executive Vice President 

APEX OIL COMPANY, INC. 

By:  /s/ Christopher
J. Schmitt               

 Name: Christopher J.
Schmitt 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

SPECIFIC TERMS IN
THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN
SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO
ASTERISKS (**).  

AMENDED SCHEDULE A   

(Effective as of August 15, 2016)  1     

TERMINAL FACILITIES AND INITIAL CONTRACT
TERMS  

Terminal Facility   
       Initial Contract Term    

Albany  

2 Year   

Baltimore  

3 Years   

Blakeley Island  

N/A   

Chesapeake   

2 Years   

Gates  

1 Year   

Glenmont  

2 years   

Greensboro  

3 years 
           
         Commencing 1-1-2015 

Jacksonville  

3 Years   

Newark  

5 Years   
 
       North Little Rock   
     
         1 Year 
           
         Commencing 8-15-2016 

Salisbury   
     
         3 Years 
           
         Commencing when tanks are available for
        service 

St. Louis   
     
         1 Year 
           
         Commencing 1-1-2016 

1  
This Amended Schedule A reflects all revisions to the Agreement as of August 15, 2016. 

SPECIFIC TERMS IN
THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN
SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO
ASTERISKS (**).  

AMENDED SCHEDULE B   

(Effective as of August 15, 2016) 

STIPULATED VOLUMES AND TYPES OF PRODUCT  

This Amended Schedule B reflects all revisions to
the Agreement as of August 15, 2016. 

SPECIFIC TERMS IN
THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN
SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO
ASTERISKS (**).   

AMENDED SCHEDULE C   

(Effective as of August 15, 2016)   

STORAGE RATES PER BARREL*  

Albany   
       Baltimore   
       Blakeley
    Island   
       Chesapeake   
       Gates   
       Glenmont   
       Greensboro   
       Jacksonville   
       Newark   
       North
    Little Rock   
       Salisbury   
       St.
    Louis    
 
      Storage
    Rates/bbl  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  

Biodiesel
    Storage Rates/bbl  

$[**]  

Asphalt
    Storage Rates/bbl  

$[**]  

$[**]   

SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).   

ADDITIVE   ANCILLARY SERVICE FEES*  

Albany   
       Baltimore   
       Blakeley 
 Island   
       Chesapeake   
       Gates   
       Glenmont   
       Greensboro   
       Jacksonville   
       Newark   
       North
    Little 
Rock   
       Salisbury   
       St. Louis    
 
      Generic Gas Additive/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Proprietary Gas Additive/bbl  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A   
 
      Ethanol Blending/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Biodiesel Blending/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Gasoline Blendstocks/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Red Dye Injection/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Lubricity Additive/bbl  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Cold Flow Additive/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Octane Booster Blending/bbl  
      $[**]  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A   
 
      Rail Car Unloading/bbl   
      $[**]  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      $[**]  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      $[**]  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A   
 
      Barge Imports/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Barge Exports/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Pipeline Service Fee/month  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Pipeline Throughput Fee/bbl  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Truck Unloading Fee/bbl  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]   
 
      Asphalt Heating Charge (per heater)  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      at cost  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      $[**]/ hour   
 
      Tank Transfer Fee/bbl  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]   
 
      Ethanol Truck Loading Fee/bbl  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   

* Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.6. 

This Amended Schedule C reflects all revisions to the Agreement
as of August 15, 2016. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 v451591_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2  

SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).  

AMENDMENT TO TERMINALING SERVICES AGREEMENT  

(September 1, 2016)  

This Amendment to Terminaling Services Agreement
is made as of the 1st day of September, 2016 between Center Point Terminal Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Terminal   ),
and Apex Oil Company, Inc., a Missouri corporation (   Customer   ). 

RECITALS 

A.     
 Terminal and Customer are party to that certain Terminaling Services Agreement dated August 14, 2013, as amended (collectively,
the    Agreement   ), which Agreement provides for the storage and handling of various petroleum products
as specified therein at the Terminal Facilities. 

B.      
 Terminal and Customer desire to amend the Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions contained herein. 

AGREEMENT 

In consideration of the foregoing, the mutual
covenants herein contained and other good and valuable consideration (the receipt, adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged by the parties by their execution hereof), the parties agree as follows: 

1.       
  Definitions.  All capitalized terms not otherwise expressly defined herein shall have the respective meanings given
thereto in the Agreement. 

2.       
  Amendments.  

2.1        Additive
and Ancillary Service Fees.   Schedule C  of the Agreement shall be amended to increase the Pipeline Service Fee at the
Baltimore Terminal Facility effective September 1, 2016, as shown on the Amended  Schedule C  attached hereto and incorporated
herein by this reference. 

3.        No
Other Modifications.  Nothing contained herein in any way impairs the Agreement or alters, waives, annuls, varies or affects
any provision, condition or covenant therein, except as specifically set forth in this Amendment to the Agreement. All other terms
and provisions of the Agreement remain in full force and effect. 

[ Signature Page Immediately Follows ] 

SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this
Agreement as of the date first written above. 

CENTER POINT TERMINAL COMPANY, LLC 

By:  /s/ Ken Fenton                                

 Name: Ken Fenton 

 Title: Executive Vice President 

APEX OIL COMPANY, INC. 

By:  /s/ Christopher
J. Schmitt              

 Name: Christopher J.
Schmitt 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).  

AMENDED SCHEDULE C   

(Effective as of September 1, 2016)   

STORAGE RATES PER BARREL*  

Albany   
       Baltimore   
       Blakeley
    Island   
       Chesapeake   
       Gates   
       Glenmont   
       Greensboro   
       Jacksonville   
       Newark   
       North
    Little Rock   
       Salisbury   
       St.
    Louis    
 
      Storage
    Rates/bbl  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  

Biodiesel
    Storage Rates/bbl  

$[**]  

Asphalt
    Storage Rates/bbl  

$[**]  

$[**]   

SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).  

ADDITIVE   ANCILLARY SERVICE FEES*  

Albany   
       Baltimore   
       Blakeley 
 Island   
       Chesapeake   
       Gates   
       Glenmont   
       Greensboro   
       Jacksonville   
       Newark   
       North Little 
 Rock   
       Salisbury   
       St. Louis    
 
      Generic Gas Additive/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Proprietary Gas Additive/bbl  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A   
 
      Ethanol Blending/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Biodiesel Blending/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Gasoline Blendstocks/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Red Dye Injection/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Lubricity Additive/bbl  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Cold Flow Additive/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Octane Booster Blending/bbl  
      $[**]  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A   
 
      Rail Car Unloading/bbl   
      $[**]  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      $[**]  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      $[**]  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A   
 
      Barge Imports/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Barge Exports/bbl   
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Pipeline Service Fee/month  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Pipeline Throughput Fee/bbl  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   
 
      Truck Unloading Fee/bbl  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]   
 
      Asphalt Heating Charge (per heater)  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      at cost  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      N/A  
      $[**]/ hour   
 
      Tank Transfer Fee/bbl  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]   
 
      Ethanol Truck Loading Fee/bbl  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      $[**]  
      N/A   

* Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.6. 

This Amended Schedule C reflects all revisions to the Agreement
as of September 1, 2016. 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 v451591_ex10-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3  

AMENDMENT TO TERMINALING SERVICES AGREEMENT  

(September 7, 2016)  

This Amendment to Terminaling Services Agreement
is made as of the 7th day of September, 2016 between Center Point Terminal Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Terminal   ),
and Apex Oil Company, Inc., a Missouri corporation (   Customer   ). 

RECITALS 

A.     
 Terminal and Customer are party to that certain Terminaling Services Agreement dated August 14, 2013, as amended (collectively,
the    Agreement   ), which Agreement provides for the storage and handling of various petroleum products
as specified therein at the Terminal Facilities. 

B.      
 Terminal and Customer desire to amend the Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions contained herein. 

AGREEMENT 

In consideration of the foregoing, the mutual
covenants herein contained and other good and valuable consideration (the receipt, adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged by the parties by their execution hereof), the parties agree as follows: 

1.       
  Definitions.  All capitalized terms not otherwise expressly defined herein shall have the respective meanings given
thereto in the Agreement. 

2.       
  Amendments.  

2.1        Stipulated
Volumes.   Schedule B  of the Agreement shall be amended to increase the Stipulated Volume at the North Little Rock Terminal
Facility by 57,000 barrels effective September 7, 2016, as shown on the Amended  Schedule B  attached hereto and incorporated
herein by this reference. 

3.        No
Other Modifications.  Nothing contained herein in any way impairs the Agreement or alters, waives, annuls, varies or affects
any provision, condition or covenant therein, except as specifically set forth in this Amendment to the Agreement. All other terms
and provisions of the Agreement remain in full force and effect. 

[ Signature Page Immediately Follows ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this
Agreement as of the date first written above. 

CENTER POINT TERMINAL COMPANY, LLC 

By:  /s/ Ken Fenton                            

 Name:
Ken Fenton 

 Title:
Executive Vice President 

APEX OIL COMPANY, INC. 

By:  /s/ Christopher J. Schmitt          

 Name:
Christopher J. Schmitt 

 Title:
Chief Financial Officer 

AMENDED SCHEDULE B   

(Effective as of September 7, 2016) 

STIPULATED VOLUMES AND TYPES OF PRODUCT  

This Amended Schedule B reflects all revisions to
the Agreement as of September 7, 2016. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v451591_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

  Certification  

I, Paul A. Novelly, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of World Point Terminals, LP (the  registrant ).   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report.   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and the other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report.   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:    November 9, 2016 

/s/ Paul A. Novelly                         

 Paul A. Novelly, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 v451591_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

  Certification  

I, Jonathan Q. Affleck, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of World Point Terminals, LP. (the  registrant ).   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report.   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and the other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report.   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:    November 9, 2016 

/s/ Jonathan Q. Affleck                        

 Jonathan Q. Affleck, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 v451591_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

  Certification  

  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350,  

  As Adopted Pursuant to  

   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of World Point Terminals,
LP (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted
pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of  13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

November 9, 2016 

/s/
Paul A. Novelly                         

 Paul A. Novelly, 

 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 v451591_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

  Certification  

  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350,  

  As Adopted Pursuant to  

   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of World Point Terminals,
LP (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted
pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of  13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

November 9, 2016 

/s/ Jonathan Q. Affleck                       

 Jonathan Q. Affleck, 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 wpt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 wpt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 wpt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 wpt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 wpt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 wpt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

