<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_1082554_0001104659-16-152292_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7008873</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>194989</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>265484</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1832224</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2906622</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1478662</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-16-152292.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027060229
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-16-152292
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED THERAPEUTICS Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001082554
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				521984749
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26301
		FILM NUMBER:		161953760

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1040 SPRING ST
		CITY:			SILVER SPRING
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20910
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3016089292

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1040 SPRING ST
		CITY:			SILVER SPRING
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20910

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED THERAPEUTICS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990324

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-16-152292.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 a16-17213_110q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents   

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
     
   FORM 10-Q   
     
   (Mark One)   
     
   x            QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.   
     
   For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
     
   OR   
     
   o               TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.   
     
   For the transition period from                to                   
     
   Commission file number 0-26301   
     
   United Therapeutics Corporation   
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

(301) 608-9292   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  

(Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, If Changed Since Last Report)  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   x   No  o  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   x  No  o  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:  

Large accelerated filer     x       

Accelerated filer   o           

Non-accelerated filer   o       

Smaller reporting   company   o           

(do not check if a   smaller reporting company)       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o   No  x  
     
  The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock, par value $.01 per share, as of October 20, 2016 was 42,415,478.  

Table of Contents   
     
    INDE    X  

Page            

Part I.         
 
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)         
 
  3           

Item   1.        
 
   Consolidated   Financial Statements        
 
  3           

Consolidated Balance Sheets        
 
  3           

Consolidated Statements of Operations        
 
  4           

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income        
 
  5           

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows        
 
  6           

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements        
 
  7           

Item   2.        
 
   Management s   Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        
 
  18           

Item 3.        
 
   Quantitative   and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk        
 
  33           

Item 4.        
 
   Controls and   Procedures        
 
  33           

Part II.         
 
    OTHER   INFORMATION         
 
  34           

Item 1.        
 
   Legal Proceedings        
 
  34           

Item   1A.        
 
   Risk   Factors        
 
  34           

Item 2.        
 
   Unregistered   Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds        
 
  49           

Item   6.        
 
   Exhibits        
 
  49           

SIGNATURES        

50              
     
 2   

Table of Contents   
     
   PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATI  ON   
     
   Item 1.  CONSOLIDATED FINANCI  AL STATEMENTS   
     
   UNITED THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION   
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SH  EETS   
   (In millions, except share data)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
     
 3   

Table of Contents   
     
   UNITED THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERA  TIONS   
   (In millions, except per share data)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
     
 4   

Table of Contents   
     
   UNITED THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE IN  COME   
   (In millions)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
     
 5   

Table of Contents   
     
   UNITED THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH F  LOWS   
   (In millions)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
     
 6   

Table of Contents   
     
   UNITED THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION   
   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATE  MENTS   
   September 30, 2016   
   (UNAUDITED)   
     
   1.                   Organization and Business Description  
     
  United Therapeutics Corporation is a biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative products to address the unmet medical needs of patients with chronic and life-threatening conditions.  
     
  We have approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to market the following therapies: Remodulin     (treprostinil) Injection (Remodulin), Tyvaso    (treprostinil) Inhalation Solution (Tyvaso), Adcirca    (tadalafil) Tablets (Adcirca), Orenitram    (treprostinil) Extended-Release Tablets (Orenitram) and Unituxin    (dinutuximab) Injection (Unituxin). Our only significant revenues outside the United States are derived from sales of Remodulin in Europe. 
     
  As used in these notes to the consolidated financial statements, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms  we ,  us ,  our , and similar terms refer to United Therapeutics Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries.  
     
   2.                   Basis of Presentation  
     
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for complete financial statements. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016.  
     
  In our management s opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments, including normal, recurring adjustments, necessary to fairly present our financial position as of September 30, 2016, statements of operations and comprehensive income for the three-and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 and cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for an entire year. In the current liabilities section of our balance sheet, we reclassified the prior period amount within  convertible notes  to  other current liabilities  to conform with the current period presentation.  
     
   Recently Issued Accounting Standards   
     
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (ASU 2014-09) .  ASU 2014-09 will eliminate transaction-specific and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current GAAP and replace it with a principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 will require that companies recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract. ASU 2014-09 also will require additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. ASU 2014-09 allows for either full retrospective or modified retrospective adoption. On July 9, 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606); Deferral of the Effective Date , which (1) delays the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017; and (2) allows early adoption of the ASU by all entities as of the original effective date for public entities. We are evaluating the transition method we will elect and the effects of the adoption of this ASU on our financial statements.  
     
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  (ASU 2015-11), which requires that inventory be measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value for entities using first-in, first-out or average cost methods. ASU 2015-11 should be applied prospectively and will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating the effect of adoption on our financial statements.  
     
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , which requires equity investments to be measured at fair value through net income. Equity investments that are accounted for under the equity method are not impacted. ASU 2016-01 provides that equity  
     
 7   

Table of Contents   
     
  investments without readily determinable fair values can be valued at cost minus impairment with a simplified impairment assessment using qualitative assessments. ASU 2016-01 requires separate presentation of the financial assets and liabilities by category and form. ASU 2016-01 should be applied prospectively and will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is not permitted except in limited circumstances. We are evaluating the effect of adoption on our financial statements.  
     
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  (ASU 2016-02), which requires that organizations recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 also requires additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures that provide the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows relating to lease arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 using a modified retrospective approach. The modified retrospective approach requires retrospective application to the earliest period presented in the respective financial statements, provides certain practical expedients related to leases that commenced prior to the effective date and allows the use of hindsight when evaluating lease options. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the effect of adoption on our financial statements.  
     
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation  (ASU 2016-09), which serves to simplify the accounting for share-based payment transactions. ASU 2016-09 includes guidance on several aspects of the accounting for share-based payments, including the income tax consequences, forfeitures and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the effect of adoption on our financial statements.  
     
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  (ASU 2016-15), which serves to reduce existing diversity in the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the Statement of Cash Flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the effect of adoption on our financial statements.  
     
   3.                   Investments  
     
    Marketable Investments    
     
  Marketable investments classified as held-to-maturity consist of the following (in millions):  

8   

Table of Contents   
     
  The following table summarizes gross unrealized losses and the length of time marketable investments have been in a continuous unrealized loss position (in millions):  

We attribute gross unrealized losses pertaining to our held-to-maturity securities as of December 31, 2015 to the variability in related market interest rates. We do not intend to sell these securities, nor is it more likely than not that we will be required to sell them prior to the end of their contractual terms. Furthermore, we do not believe that these securities expose us to undue market risk or counterparty credit risk. As such, we do not consider these securities to be other than temporarily impaired.  
     
  The following table summarizes the contractual maturities of held-to-maturity marketable investments (in millions):  

4.                   Fair Value Measurements  
     
  We account for certain assets and liabilities at fair value and rank these assets within a fair value hierarchy (Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3). Our other current assets and our current liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying values. Assets and liabilities subject to fair value measurements are as follows (in millions):  

9   

Table of Contents   

(1)                        Included in cash and cash equivalents on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
     
  (2)                        Included in current and non-current marketable investments on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of these securities is principally measured or corroborated by trade data for identical securities in which related trading activity is not sufficiently frequent to be considered a Level 1 input or comparable securities that are more actively traded. 
     
  (3)                        Included in other current liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Convertible Notes matured on September 15, 2016. The carrying value of the Convertible Notes as of December 31, 2015 was $5.4 million. The fair value of our Convertible Notes was estimated using Level 1 observable inputs since our Convertible Notes were trading with sufficient frequency such that we believed related pricing could be used as the primary basis for measuring their fair value. As of December 31, 2015, the fair value of the Convertible Notes was substantially higher than their book value. This was primarily due to the excess conversion value of the notes compared to the notes  par value, and the fact that any such excess would be paid in shares of our common stock. 
     
  (4)                        Included in other liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of contingent consideration has been estimated using probability weighted discounted cash flow models (DCF). The DCFs incorporate Level 3 inputs including estimated discount rates that we believe market participants would consider relevant in pricing and the projected timing and amount of cash flows, which are estimated and developed, in part, based on the requirements specific to each acquisition agreement. We analyze and evaluate these fair value measurements quarterly to determine whether valuation inputs continue to be relevant and appropriate or whether current period developments warrant adjustments to valuation inputs and related measurements. 
     
   Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
     
  The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate fair value because of their short maturities. The fair values of our marketable investments and our Convertible Notes are reported above within the fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 3  Investments Marketable Investments  and Note 8  Debt Convertible Notes .  
     
   5.                   Inventories  
     
  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market (current replacement cost) and consist of the following, net of reserves (in millions):  

10   

Table of Contents   
     
   6.                   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
     
  Goodwill and other intangible assets comprise the following (in millions):  

7.                   Share Tracking Awards Plans  
     
  We previously issued awards under the United Therapeutics Corporation Share Tracking Awards Plan, adopted in June 2008 (2008 STAP) and the United Therapeutics Corporation 2011 Share Tracking Awards Plan, adopted in March 2011 (2011 STAP). We refer to the 2008 STAP and the 2011 STAP collectively as the  STAP  and awards granted and/or outstanding under either of these plans as  STAP awards.  STAP awards convey the right to receive in cash an amount equal to the appreciation of our common stock, which is measured as the increase in the closing price of our common stock between the dates of grant and exercise. STAP awards expire on the tenth anniversary of the grant date, and in most cases they vest in equal increments on each anniversary of the grant date over a four-year period. The STAP liability includes vested awards and awards that are expected to vest. We recognize expense for awards that are expected to vest during the vesting period. We discontinued the issuance of STAP awards in June 2015, when our shareholders approved the United Therapeutics Corporation 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan), a broad-based stock incentive plan enabling us to grant stock options and other forms of equity compensation to our employees. See Note 9  Stockholders  Equity  to these consolidated financial statements for information on the 2015 Plan.  
     
  The aggregate STAP liability balance was $184.7 million and $354.7 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, of which $50.0 million and $80.2 million, respectively, has been classified as non-current liabilities under the caption  Other liabilities  on our consolidated balance sheets based on their vesting terms.  
     
  Estimating the fair value of STAP awards requires the use of certain inputs that can materially impact the determination of fair value and the amount of compensation expense (benefit) we recognize. Inputs used in estimating fair value include the price of our common stock, the expected volatility of the price of our common stock, the risk-free interest rate, the expected term of STAP awards, the expected forfeiture rate and the expected dividend yield. The fair value of the STAP awards is measured each financial reporting period because the awards are settled in cash.  
     
  The table below includes the weighted-average assumptions used to measure the fair value of the outstanding STAP awards:  

11   

Table of Contents   
     
  The closing price of our common stock was $118.08 and $131.24 on September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.  
     
  A summary of the activity and status of STAP awards is presented below:  

The weighted average grant-date fair value of STAP awards granted during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 was $58.52. No STAP awards were granted during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016.  
     
  Share-based compensation expense (benefit) recognized in connection with STAP awards is as follows (in millions):  

Cash paid to settle STAP awards exercised during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $52.7 million and $218.2 million, respectively.  
     
   8.                   Debt  
     
   Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility   
     
  In January 2016, we entered into a Credit Agreement (the 2016 Credit Agreement) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (Wells Fargo), as administrative agent and a swingline lender, and various other lender parties, providing for an unsecured revolving credit facility of up to $1.0 billion (the Revolving Facility), which is available to refinance certain of our existing indebtedness and/or for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The Revolving Facility will mature in January 2021, subject to the lenders  ability to extend the maturity date by one year if we request such an extension in accordance with the terms of the 2016 Credit Agreement.  
     
  At our option, amounts borrowed under the Revolving Facility will bear interest at either the LIBOR rate or a fluctuating base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin determined on a quarterly basis based on our consolidated ratio of total indebtedness to EBITDA (as calculated in accordance with the 2016 Credit Agreement).  
     
  The 2016 Credit Agreement contains customary events of default and customary affirmative and negative covenants. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with such covenants and we had not drawn any amounts on the Revolving Facility. Lung Biotechnology PBC is our only subsidiary that guarantees our obligations under the 2016 Credit Agreement though, from time to time, one or more of our other subsidiaries may be required to guarantee such obligations.  
     
 12   

Table of Contents   
     
   Convertible Notes   
     
  In October 2011, we issued $250.0 million in aggregate principal value 1.0 percent Convertible Senior Notes due September 15, 2016 (Convertible Notes). Upon maturity of the Convertible Notes in September 2016, we fulfilled all remaining settlement and repayment obligations.  
     
  In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we sold to DB London warrants to acquire up to approximately 5.2 million shares of our common stock at a strike price of $67.56 per share. The warrants will expire incrementally on a series of expiration dates beginning in December 2016 and ending in January 2017. The warrants will be settled on a net-share basis.  
     
   9.                   Stockholders  Equity  
     
   Earnings Per Common Share   
     
  Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, adjusted for the potential dilutive effect of other securities if such securities were converted or exercised.  
     
  The components of basic and diluted earnings per common share comprised the following (in millions, except per share amounts):  

(1)                        Calculated using the treasury stock method. 
     
  (2)                        Certain convertible notes, stock options and warrants have been excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because their impact would be anti-dilutive. Under our convertible note hedge agreement, we were entitled to receive shares required to be issued to investors upon conversion of our Convertible Notes. Since related shares used to compute dilutive earnings per share would be anti-dilutive, they have been excluded from the calculation above. 
     
   Equity Incentive Plans   
     
  As of September 30, 2016, we have two shareholder-approved equity incentive plans: the United Therapeutics Corporation Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan (the 1999 Plan) and the United Therapeutics Corporation 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan). The 2015 Plan was approved by our shareholders in June 2015 and provides for the issuance of up to 6,150,000 shares of our common stock pursuant to awards granted under the 2015 Plan. As a result of the approval of the 2015 Plan, no further awards will be granted under the 1999 Plan.  
     
  Although the terms of the 1999 Plan and the 2015 Plan contemplate a variety of awards, through May 2016, all awards granted under these plans were in the form of stock options. In June 2016, we began issuing awards under the 2015 Plan to non-employee directors in the form of restricted stock units because the non-employee director compensation program had been amended to permit directors to elect to receive initial and annual equity grants in the form of stock options, restricted  
     
 13   

Table of Contents   
     
  stock units, or a combination of both. Each restricted stock unit entitles the director to receive one share of our common stock upon vesting, subject to the director s election to defer receipt of shares to a later date.  
     
  We estimate the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model, which requires us to make certain assumptions that can materially impact the estimation of fair value and related compensation expense. The assumptions used to estimate fair value include the price of our common stock, the expected volatility of our common stock, the risk-free interest rate, the expected term of stock option awards and the expected dividend yield. We measure the fair value of restricted stock units using the stock price on the date of grant. We did not grant any awards under the 1999 Plan during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. During the nine-months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, we granted 1.6 million and 0.2 million stock options under the 2015 Plan with a weighted average grant date fair value of $42.54 and $60.77, respectively. These stock options have an aggregate grant date fair value of $69.1 million and $9.9 million, respectively. During the nine-months ended September 30, 2016, we granted 20,960 restricted stock units under the 2015 Plan with a weighted average grant date fair value $101.80. The restricted stock units have an aggregate grant date fair value of $2.1 million. Share-based compensation expense is recorded ratably over the vesting period of the stock option or restricted stock unit.  
     
  The table below includes the weighted-average assumptions used to measure the fair value of the stock options granted during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016:  

A summary of the activity and status of stock options under our equity incentive plans during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 is presented below:  

The total fair value of employee stock options that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $19.9 million.  
     
  Stock option exercise data is summarized below (dollars in millions):  

14   

Table of Contents   
     
  Total share-based compensation expense relating to stock options and restricted stock units is as follows (in millions):  

Selling, general and administrative expense for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 includes approximately $9.8 million of costs related to the accelerated vesting of stock options associated with the departure of a company officer during the second quarter of 2016.  
     
  As of September 30, 2016, unrecognized compensation cost was $44.1 million, which includes $2.3 million related to the grant of stock options and restricted stock units to non-employee directors in June 2016 and $41.7 million related to unvested stock options awarded to employees. Unvested outstanding stock options and restricted stock units as of September 30, 2016 had a weighted average remaining vesting period of 3.3 years.  
     
   Share Repurchases   
     
  In October 2015, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $500.0 million of our common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise, at our discretion. This repurchase program is effective from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016. The specific timing, amount and other terms of any repurchases will depend on market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements and other factors. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we acquired approximately 1.1 million and 3.3 million shares, respectively, of our common stock at an aggregate cost of $135.8 million and $395.5 million, respectively, under this repurchase program.  
     
   10.            Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss  
     
  The following table includes changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component, net of tax (in millions):  

11.            Income Taxes  
     
  Our effective income tax rate (ETR) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 32 percent and 38 percent, respectively. Our 2016 ETR decreased compared to 2015 primarily due to a decrease in non-deductible share-based compensation, which was driven largely by a decrease in our stock price during 2016 compared to 2015.  
     
  We are subject to federal and state taxation in the United States as well as various foreign jurisdictions. We are no longer subject to income tax examinations by the Internal Revenue Service and substantially all other major jurisdictions for tax years prior to 2011.  
     
  As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, our uncertain tax positions are approximately $0.5 million and $1.5 million, respectively, and we are unaware of any positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within the next twelve months.  
     
 15   

Table of Contents   
     
   12.            Employee Benefit Plans  
     
   Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan   
     
  During the second quarter of 2016, certain participants in the United Therapeutics Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) departed prior to reaching retirement age under the terms of the SERP. As a result, we remeasured the benefit obligation under the SERP as of June 30, 2016 and recorded a $7.1 million reduction to the benefit obligation with a corresponding increase to  Actuarial gain arising during period, net of tax  within  Accumulated other comprehensive loss.  As part of the re-measurement of the benefit obligation, we updated the discount rate we use to measure our SERP obligation to 3.36 percent. The discount rate as of December 31, 2015 was 3.82 percent.  
     
   13.            Segment Information  
     
  We currently operate as one operating segment. Our chief operating decision maker regularly reviews net product sales, cost of product sales and gross profit data as a primary measure of performance for each of our five commercial products.  
     
  Net product sales, cost of product sales and gross profit for each of our commercial products were as follows (in millions):  

(1)                        Unituxin was approved by the FDA in March 2015 and we commenced sales of Unituxin in the third quarter of 2015. 
     
  For the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, net product sales from our U.S.-based distributors represented 68 percent and 72 percent, respectively, of total revenues. For the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, net product sales from our U.S.-based distributors represented 70 percent and 74 percent, respectively, of total revenues. Remaining revenues were derived primarily from net product sales of Adcirca and net product sales of Remodulin, Tyvaso, and Unituxin to our international distributors.  
     
   14.            Litigation  
     
   Watson Laboratories, Inc.   
     
  In June 2015, we received a Paragraph IV certification notice letter from Watson Laboratories, Inc. (Watson) indicating that Watson has submitted an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) to the FDA to market a generic version of Tyvaso. In its notice letter, Watson states that it intends to market a generic version of Tyvaso before the expiration of U.S. Patent Nos. 6,521,212 and 6,756,033, each of which expires in November 2018; and U.S. Patent No. 8,497,393, which expires in December 2028. Watson s notice letter states that the ANDA contains a Paragraph IV certification alleging that these patents are not valid, not enforceable, and/or will not be infringed by the commercial manufacture, use or sale of the proposed product described in Watson s ANDA submission. We responded to the Watson notice letter by filing a lawsuit in July 2015 against Watson in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging infringement of each of the patents noted above. Under the Hatch-  
     
 16   

Table of Contents   
     
  Waxman Act, the FDA is automatically precluded from approving Watson s ANDA for up to 30 months from receipt of Watson s notice letter or until the issuance of a U.S. District Court decision that is adverse to us with respect to all patents noted above, whichever occurs first. In September 2015, Watson filed (1) a motion to dismiss some, but not all, counts of the complaint; (2) its answer to the complaint; and (3) certain counterclaims against us. The Court granted Watson s motion to dismiss certain counts of our complaint. In September 2015, we filed our answer to Watson s counterclaims.  
     
  The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued to us U.S. Patent Nos. 9,339,507 (the  507 patent) and 9,358,240 (the  240 patent) in May 2016 and June 2016, respectively. The  507 patent is directed to a kit for treating pulmonary hypertension and expires in March 2028. The  240 patent is directed to a method of treating pulmonary hypertension and expires in May 2028. Both patents have been listed in FDA s  Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalents  publication (also known as the Orange Book) in connection with Tyvaso. On June 21, 2016, we filed an amended complaint against Watson asserting infringement of both of these patents, as well as all of the originally asserted patents. On June 30, 2016, we received a second Paragraph IV certification notice letter from Watson relating to the previously submitted ANDA, which addresses the  507 and  240 patents.  
     
  The parties are currently engaged in discovery, and trial on all patent infringement claims is scheduled to take place in September 2017.  
     
  We intend to vigorously enforce our intellectual property rights relating to Tyvaso.  
     
   Actavis Laboratories FL, Inc.   
     
  In February 2016, we received a Paragraph IV certification notice letter (the First Actavis Notice Letter) from Actavis Laboratories FL, Inc. (Actavis) indicating that Actavis has submitted an ANDA to the FDA to market a generic version of the 2.5 mg strength of Orenitram. The First Actavis Notice Letter states that Actavis intends to market a generic version of the 2.5 mg strength of Orenitram before the expiration of the following patents, all of which are listed in the Orange Book:  

The First Actavis Notice Letter states that the ANDA contains a Paragraph IV certification alleging that these patents are not valid, not enforceable, and/or will not be infringed by the commercial manufacture, use or sale of the proposed product described in Actavis  ANDA submission. We responded to the First Actavis Notice Letter by filing a lawsuit (the First Actavis Action) against Actavis in March 2016 in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging infringement of each of the patents noted above and one additional patent, U.S. Patent No. 9,278,901 (the  901 patent), which expires in May 2024 and is also now listed in the Orange Book. Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, the FDA is automatically precluded from approving Actavis  ANDA with respect to the 2.5 mg strength of Orenitram for up to 30 months from receipt of Actavis  notice letter or until the issuance of a U.S. District Court decision that is adverse to us with respect to all of the eight patents listed in the table above, whichever occurs first. In June 2016, we filed an amended complaint against Actavis, Actavis filed its answer and counterclaims to that amended complaint, and we filed our answer to those counterclaims.  
     
  In May 2016, we received a second Paragraph IV certification notice letter from Actavis (the Second Actavis Notice Letter) indicating that Actavis has amended its ANDA to include its generic version of the 0.25 mg and 1.0 mg strengths of Orenitram, in addition to the 2.5 mg strength identified in the First Actavis Notice Letter. We responded to the Second Actavis Notice Letter by filing an additional lawsuit against Actavis (the Second Actavis Action) on June 17, 2016 in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging infringement of the same patents asserted in the First Actavis Action. The Second Actavis Action triggered an additional 30-month stay with respect to the 0.25 mg and 1.0 mg strengths. Specifically, the FDA is automatically precluded from approving Actavis  ANDA with respect to the 0.25 mg and 1.0 mg strengths of Orenitram for up to 30 months from receipt of the Second Actavis Notice Letter or until the issuance of a U.S. District Court decision that is adverse to us with respect to all of the eight patents listed in the table above and the  901 patent, whichever occurs first.  
     
 17   

Table of Contents   
     
  The Court has consolidated the First Actavis Action and the Second Actavis Action. The parties are currently engaged in discovery, and trial is scheduled for February 2018.  
     
  We intend to vigorously enforce our intellectual property rights relating to Orenitram.  
     
   SteadyMed Ltd.   
     
  On October 1, 2015, SteadyMed Ltd. (SteadyMed) filed a petition with the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB) of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for  inter partes  review (the IPR Petition) of U.S. Patent No. 8,497,393 (the  393 Patent), which we own. In its IPR Petition, SteadyMed seeks to invalidate the claims of the  393 Patent, which expires in December 2028 and describes a method of making treprostinil, which is the active pharmaceutical ingredient in our Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram products. We filed a response to the IPR Petition in January 2016. In April 2016, the PTAB instituted an  inter partes  review of the  393 Patent on the basis of SteadyMed s IPR Petition. The PTAB has preliminarily agreed with SteadyMed s arguments concerning invalidity, and has initially found that there is a reasonable likelihood that SteadyMed would prevail in challenging the  393 patent. The  393 Patent was also the subject of the recently-settled litigation with Sandoz, Inc. and Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. regarding their ANDAs relating to generic forms of Remodulin, and remains the subject of our pending litigation with Watson and Actavis, described above. We intend to vigorously defend the  393 Patent. SteadyMed has announced that it is developing a product called Trevyent    , which is a single-use, pre-filled pump for which it plans to seek FDA approval for delivery of a two-day supply of treprostinil subcutaneously using its PatchPump    technology. SteadyMed has announced plans to file an NDA for Trevyent during the first quarter of 2017, and launch the product in late 2017. 
     
   Department of Justice Subpoena   
     
  In May 2016, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice requesting documents regarding our support of 501(c)(3) organizations that provide financial assistance to patients taking our medicines. Other companies have received similar inquiries. We are cooperating with this inquiry.  
     
   Item 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
     
  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in  Part I, Item I  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the statements listed in the section below entitled  Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors . These statements are based on our beliefs and expectations about future outcomes, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from anticipated results. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include those described in  Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, under the section entitled  Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors Forward-Looking Statements ; and factors described in other cautionary statements, cautionary language and risk factors set forth in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We undertake no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  
     
   Overview of Marketed Products   
     
  We currently market and sell the following commercial products:  
     
                         Remodulin      (treprostinil) Injection (Remodulin).  Remodulin, a continuously-infused formulation of the prostacyclin analogue treprostinil, is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for subcutaneous (under the skin) and intravenous (in the vein) administration. Prostacyclin analogues are stable synthetic forms of prostacyclin, an important molecule produced by the body that has powerful effects on blood vessel health and function. Remodulin is indicated to diminish symptoms associated with exercise in patients with World Health Organization (WHO) Group 1 pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). Remodulin has also been approved in various countries outside of the United States. 
     
                         Tyvaso      (treprostinil) Inhalation Solution (Tyvaso).  Tyvaso, an inhaled formulation of treprostinil, is approved by the FDA to improve exercise ability in WHO Group 1 PAH patients. 
     
                         Orenitram      (treprostinil) Extended-Release Tablets (Orenitram) . In 2013, the FDA approved Orenitram, a tablet dosage form of treprostinil, for the treatment of PAH in WHO Group 1 PAH patients to improve exercise capacity. 
     
 18   

Table of Contents   
     
                         Adcirca      (tadalafil) Tablets (Adcirca) . We acquired exclusive commercialization rights to Adcirca, an oral PDE-5 inhibitor therapy for PAH, in the United States from Eli Lilly and Company (Lilly). PDE-5 inhibitors inhibit the degradation of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cyclic GMP) in cells. Cyclic GMP is activated by nitric oxide (NO), a naturally occurring substance in the body that mediates the relaxation of vascular smooth muscle. Adcirca is approved by the FDA to improve exercise ability in WHO Group 1 PAH patients. 
     
                         Unituxin      (dinutuximab) Injection (Unituxin).  In March 2015, the FDA approved Unituxin in combination with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), interleukin-2 (IL-2), and 13-cis-retinoic acid (RA), for the treatment of pediatric patients with high-risk neuroblastoma who achieve at least a partial response to prior first-line multiagent, multimodality therapy. Unituxin is a chimeric antibody that binds to the antigen called GD2, which is expressed on the surface of some types of cancerous tumors, and destroys the cancer cells through a mechanism called antibody-dependent cell mediated cytotoxicity. We commenced U.S. sales of Unituxin in the third quarter of 2015. We received orphan drug designation for Unituxin from the FDA, conferring an exclusivity period through March 2022, during which the FDA may not approve any application to market the same drug for the same indication, except in limited circumstances such as a showing of clinical superiority. 
     
   Revenues   
     
  Our net product sales consist entirely of sales of our five commercial products: Remodulin, Tyvaso, Adcirca, Orenitram and Unituxin.  
     
  We have entered into separate, non-exclusive distribution agreements with Accredo Health Group, Inc. (Accredo) and CVS Caremark (Caremark) to distribute Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram in the United States, and we entered into an exclusive distribution agreement with ASD Specialty Healthcare, Inc. (ASD), an affiliate of AmerisourceBergen Corporation, to distribute Unituxin in the United States. We also sell Remodulin and Tyvaso to distributors internationally. Price increases on these products generally have been in the single percentage digits, except for Adcirca, the price of which is set by Lilly.  
     
  We require our specialty pharmaceutical distributors to maintain reasonable levels of inventory reserves because the interruption of Remodulin, Tyvaso or Orenitram can be life threatening. Our specialty pharmaceutical distributors typically place monthly orders based on current utilization trends and contractual minimum inventory requirements. As a result, sales of Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram can vary depending on the timing and magnitude of these orders and may not precisely reflect changes in patient demand.  
     
  We recognize revenues net of: (1) estimated rebates; (2) prompt pay discounts; (3) allowances for sales returns; and (4) distributor fees. We estimate our liability for rebates based on an analysis of historical levels of rebates to both Medicaid and commercial third-party payers after considering the impact of sales trends, changes in government and commercial rebate programs and any anticipated changes in our products  pricing. In addition, we determine our obligation for prescription drug rebates required for Medicare Part D patients within the coverage gap based on estimates of the number of Medicare Part D patients and the period such patients will remain within the coverage gap. We provide prompt pay discounts to customers that pay amounts due within a specific time period and base related estimates on observed historical customer payment behavior. We derive estimates relating to our allowance for returns of Adcirca based on actual return data accumulated since the drug s launch in 2009. We also compare patient prescription data for Adcirca to product sales on a quarterly basis to ensure a reasonable relationship between prescription and sales trends. To date, we have not identified any unusual patterns in the volume of prescriptions relative to sales that would warrant reconsideration of our methodology for estimating Adcirca returns. Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram are distributed in the United States under separate contracts with substantially similar terms, which include exchange rights in the event that product is damaged during shipment or expires. The allowance for exchanges for Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram has been negligible and immaterial. Furthermore, we anticipate minimal exchange activity in the future for Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram since we typically sell these products with a remaining shelf life in excess of one year and our distributors generally carry a thirty- to sixty-day supply of our products at any given time. As a result, we do not record reserves for exchanges for Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram at the time of sale. Lastly, we pay our  
     
 19   

Table of Contents   
     
  distributors for contractual services rendered and accrue for related fees based on contractual rates applied to the estimated units of service provided by distributors for a given financial reporting period.  
     
   Generic Competition   
     
  We settled litigation with Sandoz, Inc. (Sandoz) and Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (Teva) relating to their abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs) seeking FDA approval to market generic versions of Remodulin before the expiration of certain of our U.S. patents. Under the terms of our settlement agreements, Sandoz and Teva will be permitted to market their generic versions of Remodulin in the United States beginning in June 2018 and December 2018, respectively, although they may be permitted to enter the market earlier under certain circumstances.  
     
  In October 2016, we received a Paragraph IV Certification Notice Letter (the Notice Letter) that another generic drug company, Par Sterile Products, LLC (Par), also filed an ANDA seeking FDA approval to market a generic version of Remodulin. In the Notice Letter, Par states that it intends to market a generic version of Remodulin before the expiration of U.S. Patent No. 8,497,393, which expires in December 2028, and U.S. Patent No. 9,199,908, which expires in May 2024. Par s Notice Letter states that the ANDA contains a Paragraph IV Certification alleging that these patents are not valid, not enforceable and/or will not be infringed by the commercial manufacture, use or sale of the proposed product described in Par s ANDA submission. We are currently reviewing the Notice Letter. If we commence a patent infringement lawsuit against Par within 45 days from receipt of the Notice Letter, the FDA would be precluded from approving Par s ANDA for up to 30 months or until the issuance of a district court decision that is adverse to us, whichever occurs first.  
     
  We are engaged in litigation with Watson Laboratories, Inc. (Watson), contesting its ANDA to market a generic version of Tyvaso before the expiration of certain of our U.S. patents expiring at various dates from November 2018 through December 2028. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued to us two new patents covering Tyvaso, U.S. Patent Nos. 9,339,507 (the  507 patent) and 9,358,240 (the  240 patent) in May and June 2016, respectively. The  507 patent is directed to a kit for treating pulmonary hypertension and expires in March 2028, and the  240 patent is directed to a method of treating pulmonary hypertension and expires in May 2028. Both patents are now listed in the Orange Book for Tyvaso. In addition, we have filed an amended complaint against Watson asserting infringement of these two new patents.  
     
  We are also engaged in litigation with Actavis Laboratories FL, Inc. (Actavis), contesting its ANDA to market a generic version of the 0.25 mg, 1.0 mg and 2.5 mg strengths of Orenitram before the expiration of certain of our U.S. patents expiring at various dates from 2024 through 2031.  
     
  Finally, SteadyMed Ltd. (SteadyMed) has filed a petition for  inter partes  review seeking to invalidate the claims of one of our patents that expires in December 2028 and relates to treprostinil (U.S. Patent No. 8,497,393, which we refer to as the  393 Patent), which is the active ingredient in Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram. In April 2016, the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB) of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office instituted an  inter partes  review of the  393 Patent on the basis of SteadyMed s petition. The PTAB has preliminarily agreed with SteadyMed s arguments concerning invalidity, and has initially found that there is a reasonable likelihood that SteadyMed would prevail in challenging the  393 patent. SteadyMed has announced that it is developing a product called Trevyent    , which is a single-use, pre-filled pump being developed to deliver a two-day supply of treprostinil subcutaneously using its PatchPump    technology. In January 2016, SteadyMed announced that Trevyent has been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA for the treatment of PAH. As a result, if Trevyent obtains FDA approval prior to FDA approval of our RemUnity pre-filled, semi-disposable treprostinil pump or RemoSynch, our implantable intravenous treprostinil delivery system, SteadyMed could have seven years of exclusivity during which the FDA may be prevented from approving these products except in limited circumstances such as a showing of clinical superiority. SteadyMed has announced plans to file an NDA for Trevyent during the first quarter of 2017, and launch the product in late 2017. 
     
  For further details regarding the Watson, Actavis and SteadyMed matters, please see Note 14  Litigation , to our consolidated financial statements.  
     
  As a result of our settlements with Sandoz and Teva, we expect to see generic competition for Remodulin from these companies beginning in the United States in June 2018 and December 2018, respectively (or earlier under certain circumstances). This increased competition could reduce our net product sales and profits. In addition, while we intend to vigorously enforce our intellectual property rights relating to our products, there can be no assurance that we will prevail in defending our patent rights, or that additional challenges from other ANDA filers or other challengers will not surface with respect to our products. Our patents could be invalidated, found unenforceable or found not to cover one or more generic forms of Remodulin, Tyvaso or Orenitram. If any ANDA filer were to receive approval to sell a generic version of Remodulin, Tyvaso or Orenitram and/or prevail in any patent litigation, the affected product(s) would become subject to increased competition, which could reduce our net product sales and profits.  
     
 20   

Table of Contents   
     
  Certain patents for Revatio    , a PDE-5 inhibitor marketed by Pfizer, Inc. for treatment of PAH, expired in 2012, leading several manufacturers to launch generic formulations of sildenafil citrate, the active ingredient in Revatio. Generic sildenafil s lower price relative to Adcirca could lead to pressure from payers to use generic products within the same class of therapy initially, which could erode Adcirca s market share and limit its potential sales. Although we believe Adcirca s once-daily dosing regimen provides a significant advantage over generic sildenafil s multiple dosing regimen, government payers and private insurance companies may favor the use of less expensive generic sildenafil over Adcirca. Thus far, we have not observed any measurable impact of generic sildenafil on sales of Adcirca; however, circumstances could change over time and our revenues could be adversely impacted. The U.S. patent for Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension will expire in November 2017, following which we expect to see generic competition for Adcirca. 
     
  Patent expiration and generic competition for any of our commercial PAH products could have a significant, adverse impact on our revenues and profits, and is inherently difficult to predict. For additional discussion, please refer to the risk factor entitled,  Our intellectual property rights may not effectively deter competitors from developing competing products that, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profits , contained in  Part II ,  Item 1A Risk Factors  included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
     
   Operating Expenses   
     
  Since our inception, we have devoted substantial resources to our various clinical trials and other research and development efforts, which are conducted both internally and through third parties. From time to time, we also license or acquire additional technologies and compounds to be incorporated into our development pipeline.  
     
  Our operating expenses include the following costs:  
     
   Cost of Product Sales   
     
  Our cost of product sales primarily include costs to produce and acquire products sold to customers, royalty payments under license agreements granting us rights to sell related products, direct and indirect distribution costs incurred in the sale of products, and the costs of inventory reserves for current and projected obsolescence. These costs generally include share-based compensation and salary-related expenses for direct manufacturing and indirect support personnel, quality review and release for commercial distribution, direct materials and supplies, depreciation, facilities-related expenses and other overhead costs.  
     
   Research and Development   
     
  Our research and development expenses primarily include costs associated with the research and development of products and post-marketing research commitments. These costs generally include share-based compensation and salary-related expenses for research and development functions, professional fees for preclinical and clinical studies, costs associated with clinical manufacturing, facilities-related expenses, regulatory costs and costs associated with pre-FDA approval payments to third-party contract manufacturers. Expenses also include costs for third-party arrangements, including upfront fees and milestone payments required under license arrangements for therapies under development.  
     
   Selling, General and Administrative   
     
  Our selling, general and administrative expenses primarily include costs associated with the commercialization of approved products and general and administrative costs to support our operations. Selling expenses generally include share-based compensation, salary-related expenses, product marketing and sales operations costs, and other costs incurred to support our sales efforts. General and administrative expenses include our core corporate support functions such as human resources, finance and legal, external costs such as insurance premiums, legal fees, grants to non-affiliated, not-profit organizations, and other professional service fees.  
     
   Share-Based Compensation   
     
  Historically, we granted stock options under our Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan (the 1999 Plan) and awards under our Share Tracking Awards Plans (STAP). In June 2015, our shareholders approved the United Therapeutics Corporation 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan), which authorizes the issuance of up to 6,150,000 shares of our common stock. Following approval of the 2015 Plan, we ceased granting awards under the STAP and the 1999 Plan, and we modified our equity compensation programs to grant stock options to employees who previously received STAP awards, and to grant stock options and restricted stock units to non-employee directors. The grant date fair value of stock options and restricted stock units are recognized as share-based compensation expense ratably over their vesting period.  
     
  Although we have ceased granting STAP awards, we still have a significant number of STAP awards outstanding. Our operating expenses and net income are often materially impacted by the recognition of share-based compensation (benefit)  
     
 21   

Table of Contents   
     
  expense associated with outstanding STAP awards as the fair value of these awards varies with the changes in our stock price. The fair values of STAP awards and stock option grants are measured using inputs and assumptions under the Black-Scholes-Merton model that can materially impact the amount of share-based compensation (benefit) expense for a given period. The fair value of restricted stock units is measured using our stock price on the date of grant.  
     
  We account for STAP awards as liabilities because they are settled in cash. As such, we must re-measure the fair value of STAP awards at the end of each financial reporting period until the awards are no longer outstanding. Changes in our STAP-related liability resulting from such re-measurements are recorded as adjustments to share-based compensation (benefit) expense and can create substantial volatility within our operating expenses from financial reporting period to period. The following factors, among others, have a significant impact on the amount of share-based compensation (benefit) expense  recognized in connection with the STAP from period to period: (1) volatility in the price of our common stock (specifically, increases in the price of our common stock will generally result in an increase in our STAP liability and related compensation expense, while decreases in our stock price will generally result in a reduction in our STAP liability and related compensation expense); (2) changes in the number of outstanding awards; and (3) changes in the number of vested and unvested awards.  
     
 22   

Table of Contents   
     
   Major Research and Development Projects   
     
  Our major research and development projects focus on the following pipeline programs:  

Product        

Mode of Delivery        

Indication        

Current Status    STUDY NAME CAPS        

Target FDA    Approval    Date        

Our Territory        

Target U.S.    Patient    Population    Size        

RemoSynch     (Implantable System for Remodulin)       

Continuous intravenous via implantable pump       

WHO Group 1 pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH)       

PMA resubmitted by Medtronic Oct. 2016. NDA to   be resubmitted by UT early 2017.       

2017       

United States, United Kingdom, Canada, France,   Germany, Italy and Japan       

6,000       

RemUnity     (treprostinil)       

Continuous subcutaneous via pre-filled,   semi-disposable pump       

PAH       

Pre-NDA       

2018       

Worldwide       

6,000       

Dinutuximab       

Injection or infusion       

Multiple GD2 expressing cancers       

Phase II/III       

2019-2023 for   accelerated approval and other regulatory pathways       

Worldwide       

12,000       

RemoPro  (pain-free subcutaneous Remodulin     prodrug)      

Continuous subcutaneous       

PAH       

Pre-clinical       

2019       

Worldwide       

9,000       

OreniPlus     (Orenitram in combination with approved background therapy)       

Oral       

PAH    (decrease morbidity and mortality)       

Phase IV      FREEDOM-EV        

2019       

Worldwide       

15,000       

Ex-Vivo Lung Perfusion       

Pre-transplant service providing extended   preservation and assessment of donor lungs       

End-stage lung disease       

Phase II       

2019       

United States       

8,000       

Tysuberprost     (esuberaprost in combination with Tyvaso)       

Oral (esuberaprost)    Inhaled (Tyvaso)       

PAH    (decrease morbidity and mortality)       

Phase III      BEAT        

2019       

North America, Europe, Mexico, South America,   Egypt, India, South Africa and Australia       

10,000       

Tyvaso-ILD     (treprostinil)       

Inhaled       

Pulmonary hypertension associated with idiopathic   pulmonary fibrosis (WHO Group 3)       

Phase III      INCREASE        

2020       

Worldwide       

27,500       

Aurora-GT     (eNOS gene therapy)       

Intravenous injection       

PAH       

Phase II/III      SAPPHIRE        

2020       

United States       

10,000       

RemoLiv     (treprostinil)       

Continuous intravenous       

Liver transplant tolerance       

Phase III      STARZL        

2020       

Worldwide       

5,000       

OreniLeft     (treprostinil)       

Oral       

Pulmonary hypertension associated with left   ventricular diastolic dysfunction    (WHO Group 2)       

Phase III      SOUTHPAW        

2021       

Worldwide       

50,000       

Unexisome     (exosome stem cell)       

Infusion       

Bronchopulmonary dysplasia       

Pre-clinical       

2022       

Worldwide       

12,000       

OreniCell     (treprostinil)       

Oral       

Reduce morbidity and mortality in patients with pulmonary   hypertension associated with sickle cell disease    (WHO Group 5)       

Phase II/III      IRONS        

2022       

Worldwide       

25,000       

Manufactured Organs       

Transplant       

End-stage organ failure       

Pre-Clinical       

2023       

Worldwide       

30,000       

23   

Table of Contents   
     
   RemoSynch (Implantable System for Remodulin)   
     
  We are working with Medtronic, Inc. (Medtronic) on a program to develop Medtronic s proprietary intravascular infusion catheter to be used with its SynchroMed     II implantable infusion pump and related infusion system components (together referred to as the Implantable System for Remodulin, or RemoSynch) in order to deliver Remodulin for the treatment of PAH. If the Implantable System for Remodulin is approved, the technology has the potential to reduce many of the patient burdens and other complications associated with the use of external pumps to administer prostacyclin analogues. In order to launch RemoSynch in the United States, Medtronic and we are pursuing parallel regulatory filings relating to the device and the drug, respectively. Most recently, on October 10, 2016, Medtronic submitted additional information to supplement its premarket approval application (PMA) with FDA to address all the issues raised in a March 2016 letter from the FDA indicating that Medtronic s PMA was not approvable. We anticipate that the FDA will review the PMA within 180 days, but approval, within a specific timeframe or at all, is not assured. Medtronic is responsible for responding to any FDA requests for additional information concerning its PMA. 
     
  In December 2015, we submitted an NDA requesting FDA approval to allow the use of Remodulin with the Implantable System for Remodulin. On October 13, 2016, the FDA issued a complete response letter indicating that it could not approve our NDA prior to approval of the Medtronic PMA. As such, we anticipate either resubmitting our NDA for 60 day review in early 2017, or receiving approval of our NDA at the time the Medtronic PMA is approved.  
     
   RemUnity and RemoPro   
     
  In December 2014, we entered into an exclusive agreement with DEKA Research   Development Corp. (DEKA) to develop a pre-filled, semi-disposable pump system for subcutaneous delivery of treprostinil, which we call the RemUnity system. Under the terms of the agreement, we will fund the development costs related to the RemUnity system and will pay product fees and a single-digit royalty to DEKA based on commercial sales of the system and the treprostinil drug product sold for use with the system. Currently, we are undertaking engineering, design and development work to optimize the RemUnity pump to deliver a preservative-free formulation of treprostinil in pre-filled reservoirs, and intend to conduct human factor studies in healthy volunteers and functionality testing in patients before submitting an application to the FDA to approve the pre-filled RemUnity pump.  
     
  We are also engaged in pre-clinical development of a new prodrug formulation of Remodulin called RemoPro, which is intended to enable subcutaneous delivery without the site pain currently associated with subcutaneous Remodulin. A prodrug is a metabolically inactive compound that, after administration, is metabolized into an active compound. In the case of RemoPro, the prodrug is intended to be inactive in the subcutaneous tissue, which should eliminate site pain, and once absorbed into the blood is metabolized into treprostinil.  
     
   Tyvaso and Tyvaso-ILD   
     
  We are developing further enhancements intended to make the Tyvaso Inhalation System easier to use. In addition, we have commenced a phase III registration study called INCREASE, which is a study of inhaled treprostinil in patients with WHO Group 3 pulmonary hypertension associated with interstitial lung disease (specifically associated with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis or emphysema), a product called Tyvaso-ILD.  
     
   Orenitram, OreniCell, OreniLeft and OreniPlus   
     
  In December 2013, the FDA approved Orenitram for the treatment of PAH in WHO Group 1 patients to improve exercise capacity. The primary study that supported efficacy of Orenitram was a 12-week monotherapy study (FREEDOM-M) in which PAH patients were not on any approved background PAH therapy.  
     
  We believe that in order for Orenitram to reach its full commercial potential, we need to complete further studies to support an amendment to Orenitram s label to indicate that Orenitram delays morbidity and mortality (also known as  time to clinical worsening ) in PAH patients who are on an approved oral background therapy, at which time we plan to seek FDA approval to re-brand Orenitram as OreniPlus. As such, we are enrolling patients in a phase IV registration study called FREEDOM-EV, which is intended to support such a label amendment if successful.  
     
  We are also planning studies of oral treprostinil in patients with WHO Group 2 pulmonary hypertension (specifically associated with left ventricular diastolic dysfunction), a product called OreniLeft, and WHO Group 5 pulmonary hypertension (specifically associated with sickle cell disease), a product called OreniCell. Finally, we are planning a clinical study to assess the efficacy of Orenitram in patients being treated with a combination of both ambrisentan and tadalafil background therapies.  
     
 24   

Table of Contents   
     
   Tysuberprost   
     
  In July 2012, we completed a phase I safety trial of esuberaprost, a single-isomer orally bioavailable prostacyclin analogue, and the data suggested that dosing esuberaprost four times a day was safe. We believe that esuberaprost and treprostinil have differing prostacyclin receptor-binding profiles and thus could provide benefits to certain groups of patients with differing sets of safety and efficacy profiles. We also believe that inhaled treprostinil and oral esuberaprost have complimentary pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profiles, which indicate that they should provide greater efficacy in combination. As a result, in 2013 we began enrolling a phase III registration study called BEAT (   BE   raprost 314d    A   dd-on to    T   yvaso) to evaluate the clinical benefit and safety of esuberaprost in combination with Tyvaso for patients with PAH who show signs of deterioration on inhaled treprostinil or have a less than optimal response to inhaled treprostinil treatment. We refer to the resulting combination product as Tysuberprost.  
     
   Unituxin   
     
  In March 2015, the FDA approved our Biologics License Application (BLA) for Unituxin, in combination with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), interleukin-2 (IL-2), and 13-cis-retinoic acid (RA), for the treatment of pediatric patients with high-risk neuroblastoma who achieve at least a partial response to prior first-line multiagent, multimodality therapy. We commenced U.S. sales of Unituxin in the third quarter of 2015.  
     
  Under our BLA approval for Unituxin, the FDA has imposed certain post-marketing requirements and post-marketing commitments on us. We are conducting additional clinical and non-clinical studies to satisfy these requirements and commitments. While we believe we will be able to complete these studies, any failure to satisfy these requirements or commitments could result in penalties, including fines or withdrawal of Unituxin from the market, unless we are able to demonstrate good cause for the failure.  
     
  In addition, we are planning studies of dinutuximab, the active ingredient in Unituxin, in adult patients with additional forms of GD2-expressing cancers, such as small cell lung cancer and other high-risk forms of cancer with GD2 expressing cell tumors. Finally, we are working on the development of a humanized version of dinutuximab, which is intended to reduce the side effects associated with the existing, chimeric form of the drug.  
     
   Unexisome   
     
  In 2016, we discovered derivatives of certain types of stem cells called exosomes, which demonstrated regenerative properties in animal models of different diseases. We have selected a product candidate for bronchopulmonary dysplasia from these derivatives, referred to as Unexisome , which we are planning to advance into clinical development.  
     
   Aurora-GT   
     
  We are planning a phase II/III study of an autologous gene therapy product called Aurora-GT for PAH.  
     
   Organ Transplantation   
     
  We are engaged in research and development into a variety of technologies designed to increase the supply of transplantable organs and tissues and improve outcomes for transplant recipients. These programs include preclinical research and development of alternative tissue sources through tissue and organ xenotransplantation, as well as regenerative medicine to create engineered organs and organ tissues. Although our primary focus is on engineered lungs, we are also developing technology for other engineered organs, such as kidneys and hearts. Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Lung Biotechnology PBC, we are also developing technologies to improve outcomes for lung transplant recipients and to increase the supply of donor lungs through ex-vivo lung perfusion. Finally, we are planning a study of Remodulin used post-operatively in patients undergoing orthotopic liver transplants, which we refer to as the RemoLiv program.  
     
   Future Prospects   
     
  The extent of our future success is dependent on, among other things, how well we achieve the following objectives: (1) in the near term, continued sales growth of our current commercial products; and (2) in the medium term, augmenting our near-term product growth through further development of our pharmaceutical pipeline for cardiopulmonary and oncologic indications.  
     
  Our ability to achieve these objectives and sustain our growth and profitability will depend on many factors, including among others: (1) the timing and outcome of preclinical research, clinical trials and regulatory approvals for products we develop; (2) the timing of and the degree of success related to the commercial launch of new products; (3) the demand for our products; (4) the price of our products and the reimbursement of our products by public and private health insurance  
     
 25   

Table of Contents   
     
  organizations; (5) the competition we face within our industry; (6) our ability to effectively manage our business in an increasingly complex legal and regulatory environment; (7) our ability to defend against generic competition and challenges to our patents; and (8) the risks identified in  Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors , included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
     
  We will need to construct additional facilities to support the development and commercialization of our products and services. We have budgeted for capital expenditures of approximately $275 million over the next three years.  
     
  We operate in a highly competitive market in which a small number of pharmaceutical companies control a majority of available PAH therapies. These pharmaceutical companies are well established in the market and possess greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. In addition, there are a number of investigational products in late-stage development that, if approved, may erode the market share of our existing commercial therapies and make market acceptance more difficult to achieve for any therapies we attempt to market in the future.  
     
   Financial Position   
     
  Cash and cash equivalents and marketable investments (both current and long-term) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $1,034.9 million and $991.8 million, respectively. The increase of $43.1 million resulted primarily from $480.2 million of cash generated from operations, partially offset by the use of $395.5 million to repurchase shares of our common stock and the use of $38.2 million in other investing activities for the purchase of property, plant and equipment, cost method investments, and intangible assets.  
     
  Accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $224.6 million and $192.8 million, respectively. The increase of $31.8 million was primarily due to the timing of sales and cash receipts.  
     
  STAP liabilities classified as current liabilities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $134.7 million and $274.5 million, respectively. The decrease of $139.8 million corresponded to a 25 percent decrease in the price of our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and exercises and forfeitures of STAP awards during the same period.  
     
  Other liabilities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $105.0 million and $144.0 million, respectively. The decrease of $39.0 million was primarily due to (1) a decrease of $30.2 million in our STAP liability classified as non-current, which corresponded to a 25 percent decrease in the price of our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and forfeitures of STAP awards during the nine months ended September 30, 2016; and (2) a $9.1 million net decrease in our SERP liability primarily as a result of the second quarter 2016 re-measurement of our SERP following the departure of certain SERP participants before retirement age. STAP liabilities classified as non-current liabilities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $50.0 million and $80.2 million, respectively. Refer to Note 7  Share Tracking Award Plans  and Note 12  Employee Benefit Plans Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan  to our consolidated financial statements.  
     
  Additional paid-in capital at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $1,836.7 million and $1,790.6 million, respectively. The increase of $46.1 million primarily consisted of $21.7 million in share-based compensation expense and $10.8 million in proceeds from stock option exercises including excess tax benefits. Refer to Note 9  Stockholders  Equity Equity Incentive Plans .  
     
  Treasury stock at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $2,305.1 million and $1,902.1 million, respectively. The increase of $403.0 million primarily consisted of $395.5 million in expenditures to repurchase approximately 3.3 million shares of our common stock. Refer to Note 9  Stockholders  Equity Share Repurchases  to our consolidated financial statements.  
     
 26   

Table of Contents   
     
   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   
     
   Revenues   
     
  The following table presents the components of total revenues (dollars in millions):  

Revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $22.0 million compared to the same period in 2015. The growth in revenues primarily resulted from the following: (1) a $22.2 million increase in Adcirca net product sales due to an increase in the number of Adcirca bottles sold and price increases, which were determined by Lilly; (2) a $12.6 million increase in Unituxin net product sales due to an increase in number of vials sold, compared to the third quarter of 2015, when we launched commercial sales of Unituxin in the United States; (3) a $6.3 million increase in Orenitram net product sales due to an increase in the number of patients being treated with Orenitram; and (4) a $2.3 million increase in Remodulin net product sales due to an increase in the number of patients being treated with Remodulin. These increases were partially offset by a $19.9 million decrease in Tyvaso net product sales.  
     
  We recognize revenues net of: (1) estimated rebates; (2) prompt pay discounts; (3) allowances for sales returns; and (4) distributor fees. These are referred to as gross-to-net deductions and are based on historical experiences and contractual and statutory requirements. The tables below include a reconciliation of the accounts associated with these deductions (in millions):  

27   

Table of Contents   
     
   Cost of Product Sales   
     
  The table below summarizes cost of product sales by major category (dollars in millions):  

Cost of product sales.   The increase in cost of product sales of $5.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, was attributable to increased sales. 
     
   Share-based compensation.   The increase in share-based compensation of $11.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, corresponded to an 11 percent increase in the price of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a 25 percent decrease in the price of our common stock during the same period in 2015. 
     
   Research and Development Expense   
     
  The table below summarizes research and development expense by major category (dollars in millions):  

Share-based compensation.   The increase in share-based compensation of $39.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, corresponded to an 11 percent increase in the price of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a 25 percent decrease in the price of our common stock during the same period in 2015. 
     
   Selling, General and Administrative Expense   
     
  The table below summarizes selling, general and administrative expense by major category (dollars in millions):  

Share-based compensation.   The increase in share-based compensation of $117.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, was primarily attributable to an 11 percent increase in the price of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a 25 percent decrease in the price of our common stock during the same period in 2015. 
     
   Gain on Sale of Intangible Asset   
     
  In September 2015, we sold the Rare Pediatric Priority Review Voucher (PPRV) we received from the FDA in connection with the approval of our BLA for Unituxin. In exchange for the voucher we received $350.0 million from AbbVie Ireland  
     
 28   

Table of Contents   
     
  Unlimited Company (Abbvie). The proceeds from the sale of the PPRV were recognized as a gain on the sale of an intangible asset, as the PPRV did not have a carrying value on our consolidated balance sheet at the time of sale.  
     
   Income Tax Expense   
     
  Our 2016 effective income tax rate (ETR) decreased as compared to 2015 primarily due to a decrease in non-deductible share-based compensation, which was driven largely by a decrease in our stock price during 2016 compared to 2015.  
     
   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     
   Revenues   
     
  The following table sets forth the components of total revenues (dollars in millions):  

Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $128.9 million, compared to the same period in 2015. The growth in revenues primarily resulted from the following: (1) a $72.2 million increase in Adcirca net product sales due to an increase in the number of Adcirca bottles sold and price increases, which were determined by Lilly; (2)  a $44.6 million increase in Unituxin net product sales due to an increase in number of vials sold, compared to the third quarter of 2015, when we launched commercial sales of Unituxin in the United States; (3) a $37.7 million increase in Orenitram net product sales due to an increase in the number of patients being treated with Orenitram; and (4) a $18.8 million increase in Remodulin net product sales due to an increase in the number of patients being treated with Remodulin. These increases were partially offset by a $39.9 million decrease in Tyvaso net product sales.  
     
  We recognize revenues net of: (1) estimated rebates; (2) prompt pay discounts; (3) allowances for sales returns; and (4) distributor fees. These are referred to as gross-to-net deductions and are based on historical experiences and contractual and statutory requirements. The tables below include a reconciliation of the accounts associated with these deductions (in millions):  

29   

Table of Contents   

Cost of Product Sales   
     
  The table below summarizes cost of product sales by major category (dollars in millions):  

Cost of product sales.   The increase in cost of product sales of $11.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, was attributable to increased sales. 
     
   Share-based compensation.   The decrease in share-based compensation of $11.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, corresponded to a 25 percent decrease in the price of our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a 1 percent increase in the price of our common stock during the same period in 2015. 
     
   Research and Development Expense   
     
  The table below summarizes research and development expense by major project and non-project component (dollars in millions):  

Share-based compensation.   The decrease in share-based compensation of $87.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, corresponded to a 25 percent decrease in the price of our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a 1 percent increase in the price of our common stock during the same period in 2015. 
     
 30   

Table of Contents   
     
   Selling, General and Administrative Expense   
     
  The table below summarizes selling, general and administrative expense by major category (dollars in millions):  

General and administrative.   The increase in general and administrative expense of $33.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, was primarily attributable to a $20.0 million increase in charitable donations to a non-affiliated, non-profit organization that provides financial assistance to patients with PAH. 
     
   Share-based compensation.   The decrease in share-based compensation of $157.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, corresponded to a 25 percent decrease in the price of our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a 1 percent increase in the price of our common stock during the same period in 2015. 
     
   Gain on Sale of Intangible Asset   
     
  In September 2015, we sold the PPRV we received from the FDA in connection with the approval of our BLA for Unituxin. In exchange for the voucher we received $350.0 million from Abbvie. The proceeds from the sale of the PPRV were recognized as a gain on the sale of an intangible asset, as the PPRV did not have a carrying value on our consolidated balance sheet at the time of sale.  
     
   Income Tax Expense   
     
  Our ETR for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 32 percent and 38 percent, respectively. Our 2016 ETR decreased as compared to 2015 primarily due to a decrease in non-deductible share-based compensation, which was driven largely by a decrease in our stock price during 2016 compared to 2015.  
     
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
     
  We have funded our operations principally through sales of our commercial products and, from time-to-time, third-party financing arrangements. We believe that our current liquidity is sufficient to fund ongoing operations and future business plans as we expect demand for our commercial products to continue to grow. Furthermore, our customer base remains stable and we believe it presents minimal credit risk. However, any projections of future cash flows are inherently subject to uncertainty and we may seek other forms of financing. In January 2016, we entered into a credit agreement providing a five-year, unsecured, revolving line of credit of up to $1.0 billion, which remains undrawn at September 30, 2016. See  Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility  below for further details.  
     
    Cash Flows    
     
   Operating Activities   
     
  Our operating assets and liabilities consist primarily of accounts receivable, inventories, accounts payable and accrued expenses, which include share-based compensation arrangements. During the periods presented in the accompanying financial statements, the combination of revenue growth and profitable operations has resulted in positive cash flows provided by operations.  
     
  Net cash provided by operating activities was $480.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $357.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $122.9 million increase in cash flows from operations was primarily due to a $165.5 million decrease in cash paid to settle STAP awards, and an increase in total revenues of $128.9 million which resulted in higher cash collections, partially offset by a $166.8 million increase in cash paid for income taxes.  
     
 31   

Table of Contents   
     
   Investing Activities   
     
  Net cash provided by investing activities was $39.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $447.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $407.3 million decrease reflects $350.0 million of cash from the sale of our PPRV in September 2015 and a decrease of cash provided from held-to-maturity investments of $91.6 million, partially offset by a decrease of $46.6 million in the purchase of investments under the cost method. Due to the anticipated funding requirements of our share repurchase program and planned construction of additional facilities, we have decreased the amount of cash we are reinvesting in held-to-maturity investments.  
     
   Financing Activities   
     
  Net cash used in financing activities was $396.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $433.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $37.2 million decrease in cash used for financing activities is primarily due to a decrease of $98.3 million in repayment of debt, partially offset by a decrease of $53.6 million in proceeds from stock option exercises including excess tax benefits from share-based compensation.  
     
    Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility    
     
  In January 2016, we entered into a Credit Agreement (the 2016 Credit Agreement) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (Wells Fargo), as administrative agent and a swingline lender, and various other lender parties, providing for an unsecured revolving credit facility of up to $1.0 billion (the Revolving Facility), which is available to refinance certain of our existing indebtedness and/or for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The Revolving Facility will mature in January 2021, subject to the lenders  ability to extend the maturity date by one year if we request such an extension in accordance with the terms of the 2016 Credit Agreement.  
     
  At our option, amounts borrowed under the Revolving Facility will bear interest at either the LIBOR rate or a fluctuating base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin determined on a quarterly basis based on our consolidated ratio of total indebtedness to EBITDA (as calculated in accordance with the 2016 Credit Agreement).  
     
  The 2016 Credit Agreement contains customary events of default and customary affirmative and negative covenants. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with such covenants and we had not drawn any amounts on the Revolving Facility. Lung Biotechnology PBC is our only subsidiary that guarantees our obligations under the 2016 Credit Agreement though, from time to time, one or more of our other subsidiaries may be required to guarantee such obligations.  
     
    Convertible Senior Notes    
     
  In October 2011, we issued the Convertible Notes with an aggregate principal value of $250.0 million. Upon maturity of the Convertible Notes in September 2016, we fulfilled all remaining settlement and repayment obligations.  
     
    Share Tracking Awards Plans    
     
  Awards granted under our STAP entitle participants to receive in cash an amount equal to the appreciation in our common stock, which is calculated as the increase in the closing price of our common stock between the grant date and the exercise date. Cash requirements associated with the exercise of awards will likely be significant, with the actual requirements dependent on future stock price fluctuation and STAP award exercise activity. At September 30, 2016, the aggregate liability associated with vested STAP awards was $114.2 million, and the aggregate liability associated with all STAP awards was $184.7 million. Based on our review, we believe we currently have sufficient cash and cash equivalents and borrowing capacity to fund any STAP awards that could be exercised during 2016 and beyond.  
     
    Share Repurchases    
     
  In October 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a program for the repurchase of up to $500.0 million of our common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions, at our discretion. This program is effective from January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased approximately 3.3 million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of $395.5 million. We currently have sufficient cash and cash equivalents, borrowing capacity and, if needed, marketable investments, to fund additional repurchases of our common stock under this program.  
     
   Summary of Critical Accounting Policies   
     
  The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We continually evaluate our estimates and judgments to determine whether they are reasonable, relevant and appropriate. These assumptions are frequently developed from historical data or experience, currently available information and anticipated developments. By their nature, our estimates are subject to an inherent degree of  
     
 32   

Table of Contents   
     
  uncertainty; consequently, actual results may differ. We discuss critical accounting policies and estimates that involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity in  Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
     
   Recently Issued Accounting Standards   
     
  See Note 2  Basis of Presentation , to our consolidated financial statements for information on our anticipated adoption of recently issued accounting standards.  
     
   Item 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK     
     
  Our exposure to market risk has not materially changed since December 31, 2015.  
     
   Item 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES     
     
  Based on their evaluation, as of September 30, 2016, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, summarized, processed and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, such internal control over financial reporting.  
     
 33   

Table of Contents   
     
   Part II.  OTHER INFORMATION     
     
   Item 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS     
     
  Please refer to Note 14  Litigation , to our consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference.  
     
   Item 1A.  RISK FACTORS     
     
   Forward-Looking Statements   
     
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which statements are based on our beliefs and expectations as to future outcomes. These statements, which are based on our beliefs and expectations as to future outcomes, include, among others, statements relating to the following:  
     
                        Expectations of revenues, expenses, profitability, and cash flows; 
     
                        The sufficiency of current and future working capital to support operations; 
     
                        Our ability to obtain financing on terms favorable to us or at all; 
     
                        The value of our common stock and our ability and plans to repurchase common stock under our $500 million share repurchase program, which commenced in January 2016; 
     
                        The maintenance of domestic and international regulatory approvals; 
     
                        Our ability to maintain attractive pricing for our products, in light of increasing competition (including from generic companies) and pressure from government and other payers to decrease the costs associated with healthcare; 
     
                        The expected volume and timing of sales of our existing commercial products   Remodulin    (treprostinil) Injection (Remodulin), Tyvaso    (treprostinil) Inhalation Solution (Tyvaso), Orenitram    (treprostinil) Extended-Release Tablets (Orenitram), Adcirca    (tadalafil) Tablets (Adcirca) and Unituxin    (dinutuximab) Injection (Unituxin)   and potential future commercial products; 
     
                        The timing and outcome of clinical studies, other research and development efforts, related regulatory filings and approvals and market opportunities, including: 
     
                        pending regulatory filings by Medtronic, Inc. (Medtronic) and us with respect to the RemoSynch  (the Implantable System for Remodulin), as well as the consent decree relating to Medtronic s implantable pump, and our goal of obtaining related U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approvals in 2017; 
     
                        our collaboration with DEKA Research   Development Corp. (DEKA) to develop the RemUnity  system (a pre-filled, semi-disposable pump system for subcutaneous treprostinil) and our goal of obtaining FDA approval in 2018; 
     
                        our plan to develop dinutiximab for additional indications, and our goal of obtaining related FDA approvals in the 2019-2023 timeframe; 
     
                        our plan to develop a pain-free prodrug formulation of Remodulin called RemoPro  and our goal of obtaining FDA approval in 2019; 
     
                        our plans to complete our FREEDOM-EV study of OreniPlus  (oral treprostinil as combination therapy) and our BEAT study of Tysuberprost  (esuberaprost in combination with inhaled treprostinil) and achieve an increased time to clinical worsening endpoint in each of these studies, and our goal of obtaining obtain approval from the FDA following the completion of these studies in 2019; 
     
                        our plans to complete a phase III registration study of Tyvaso-ILD  in patients with interstitial lung disease and our goal of obtaining FDA approval in 2020; 
     
                        our plans to develop oral treprostinil for the treatment of WHO Group 2 and 5 pulmonary hypertension and our goal of obtaining related FDA approvals in 2021 and 2022, respectively; 
     
 34   

Table of Contents   
     
                        our plan to advance Unexisome  into clinical development and our goal of obtaining FDA approval in 2022; 
     
                        our preclinical program to develop engineered organs and our goal of obtaining FDA approval in 2023; 
     
                        our phase III program to study Remodulin in liver transplant patients, and our goal of obtaining FDA approval in 2020; 
     
                        our phase II/III program to study gene therapy for PAH and our goal of obtaining FDA approval in 2020; and 
     
                        our phase II study of ex-vivo lung perfusion and our goal of obtaining FDA approval in 2019. 
     
                        The outcome of potential future regulatory actions, including audits and inspections, by the FDA and international regulatory agencies; 
     
                        The impact of competing therapies on sales of our commercial products, including (1) the impact of generic products such as (a) generic sildenafil, which launched in 2012; (b) generic tadalafil, which may become available following patent expiry in November 2017; and (c) generic forms of subcutaneous and intravenous treprostinil, which we expect two generic companies will launch in June 2018 and December 2018; and (2) newly-developed therapies, such as Uptravi    (selexipag); 
     
                        The expectation that we will be able to produce sufficient quantities and maintain adequate inventories of our commercial products, through both our in-house production capabilities and third-party production sites, and our ability to obtain and maintain related approvals by the FDA and other regulatory agencies; 
     
                        The adequacy of our intellectual property protections and the validity and expiration dates of the patents we own or license; 
     
                        Our expectations regarding our ability to defend our intellectual property relating to Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram against generic and other challenges, including but not limited to our ongoing litigation with Watson Laboratories, Inc. (Watson) and Actavis Laboratories FL, Inc. (Actavis) related to Tyvaso and Orenitram, respectively, the recent generic challenge to Remodulin by Par Sterile Products, LLC (Par), and the petition by SteadyMed Ltd. (SteadyMed) seeking to invalidate one of our patents relating to treprostinil, which is the active ingredient in Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram; 
     
                        Any statements that include the words  believe,   seek,   expect,   anticipate,   forecast,   project,   intend,   estimate,   should,   could,   may,   will,   plan,  or similar expressions; 
     
                        Other statements contained or incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not historical facts; and 
     
                        The statements identified as forward-looking statements may appear in  Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  or elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
     
  These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially from anticipated results. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below. We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  
     
 35   

Table of Contents   
     
   Risks Related to Our Business   
     
    We rely heavily on sales of Remodulin, Tyvaso, Orenitram and Adcirca to generate revenues and support our operations.    
     
  Sales of our current PAH therapies (Remodulin, Tyvaso, Orenitram and Adcirca) comprise the vast majority of our revenues. A wide variety of events, many of which are described in other risk factors below, could cause sales of these products to decline, or to grow more slowly than expected. For instance, we would be unable to sell any of these products if their regulatory approvals were withdrawn. Any substantial change in the prescribing practices or dosing patterns of patients using Remodulin, Tyvaso, Orenitram or Adcirca due to combination or competing therapies, side effects, adverse events, deaths or any other reasons could decrease related revenues. We also face potential generic competition. For example, during the fourth quarter of 2012, generic sildenafil became commercially available, which could negatively affect demand for Adcirca. We could also face generic competition for Adcirca following patent expiry in November 2017. We also settled patent litigation with Sandoz and Teva relating to Remodulin, and have agreed that Sandoz and Teva will be permitted to launch their generic versions of Remodulin in the United States in June 2018 and December 2018, respectively, although they may be permitted to launch earlier under certain circumstances. In October 2016, we received notice that Par has also filed an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) seeking FDA approval to market a generic version of Remodulin. We are also defending our intellectual property related to Tyvaso and Orenitram against generic challenges by two additional generic companies, and another company has filed a petition challenging the validity of one of our patents relating to Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram. In addition, we rely on third parties to produce, market, distribute and sell all of our commercial products. The inability of any one of these third parties to perform these functions satisfactorily could result in a reduction in sales. In addition, any failure to effectively manage our internal production processes could result in an inability to meet patient demand. Because we are highly dependent on sales of Remodulin, Tyvaso, Adcirca and Orenitram, a reduction in sales of any one of these products could have a material adverse impact on our operations.  
     
    If our products fail in clinical trials, we will be unable to obtain or maintain FDA and international regulatory approvals and will be unable to sell those products.    
     
  To obtain regulatory approvals from the FDA and international regulatory agencies such as the European Medicines Agency (EMA), we must conduct clinical trials demonstrating that our products are safe and effective. In the past, several of our product candidates failed or were discontinued at various stages in the development process. Moreover, we may need to amend ongoing trials or the FDA and/or international regulatory agencies may require us to perform additional trials beyond those we planned. Such occurrences could result in significant delays and additional costs, and related clinical trials may be unsuccessful. Approval of a New Drug Application (NDA) or Biologics License Application (BLA) could be subject to delays if the FDA determines that it cannot review or approve the application as submitted. In such a case, the FDA would issue a refuse-to-file letter or a complete response letter outlining deficiencies in the submission, and the FDA may require substantial additional studies, testing or information in order to complete its review of the application. We may fail to address any of these deficiencies adequately and consequently would be unable to obtain FDA approval to market the product candidate.  
     
  In addition, we are enrolling a phase IV clinical trial called FREEDOM-EV, which is a registration study of OreniPlus (oral treprostinil in combination with other approved therapies) for pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). One primary endpoint of the study is time to clinical worsening. The primary endpoint of our phase III registration study of Tysuberprost (esuberaprost in combination with inhaled treprostinil) is also time to clinical worsening. We have not previously conducted a study with time to clinical worsening as its primary endpoint. The timing of enrollment and completion of these studies is subject to uncertainty, in part because study completion depends on the accrual of a pre-specified number of clinical worsening events, the pace of which is inherently difficult to predict. Our inexperience with this type of trial design may impact our ability to conduct these trials appropriately and achieve positive results, or complete the trials within our anticipated timetable. In particular, failure to prove the efficacy of OreniPlus could materially limit the commercial potential of oral treprostinil and impede our growth.  
     
  The length of time that it takes for us to complete clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval for marketing varies by product, product use and country. Furthermore, we cannot predict with certainty the length of time it will take to complete necessary clinical trials or obtain regulatory approval of our future products.  
     
  Our clinical trials may be discontinued, delayed or disqualified for various reasons. These reasons include:  
     
                        The drug is ineffective, or physicians and/or patients believe that the drug is ineffective; 
     
                        We fail to reach agreement with the FDA or non-U.S. regulatory agencies regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; 
     
 36   

Table of Contents   
     
                        Patients do not enroll in our studies at the rate we expect, or we do not observe a sufficient number of worsening events at the rate we expect; 
     
                        We are unable to obtain approval from institutional review boards to conduct clinical trials at their respective sites; 
     
                        Ongoing or new clinical trials conducted by drug companies in addition to our own clinical trials reduce the availability of patients for our trials; 
     
                        Other investigational or approved therapies are viewed as more effective or convenient by physicians or patients; 
     
                        Our clinical trial sites, contracted clinical trial administrators or clinical studies conducted entirely by third parties do not adhere to trial protocols and required quality controls under FDA good clinical practice (GCP) regulations and similar regulations outside the United States; 
     
                        Patients experience severe side effects during treatment or die during our trials because of adverse events related to the trial drug, advanced disease, or other medical complications; and 
     
                        The results of our clinical trials conducted in countries outside of the United States are not acceptable to the United States or other countries, and the results of our clinical trials conducted in the United States are not acceptable to regulators in other countries. 
     
  In addition, the FDA and its international counterparts have substantial discretion over the approval process for pharmaceutical products. As such, these regulatory agencies may not agree that we have demonstrated the requisite level of product safety and efficacy to grant approval.  
     
    We may not compete successfully with established and newly developed drugs or products, or the companies that develop and market them.    
     
  We compete with well-established drug companies for, among other things, funding, licenses, expertise, personnel, clinical trial patients and investigators, consultants and third-party collaborators. We also compete with these companies for market share. Most of these competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, manufacturing, sales, distribution and technical resources, and a larger number of approved products, than we do. These competitors also possess greater experience in areas critical to success such as research and development, clinical trials, sales and marketing and regulatory matters. There are numerous treatments that compete with our commercial therapies, as well as several other therapies under development. For the treatment of PAH, we compete with a number of approved products in the United States and worldwide, including the following: Adempas    , Flolan   , Ilomedin   , Letairis   , Opsumit   , Revatio   , Tracleer   , Uptravi   , Veletri   , Volibris   , Ventavis   , generic epoprostenol and generic sildenafil citrate. Patients and doctors may perceive these competing products, or products developed in the future, as safer, more effective, more convenient and/or less expensive than our therapies. Alternatively, doctors may reduce the prescribed doses of our products if they prescribe them in combination with our competitors  products. In addition, many competing PAH therapies are less invasive than Remodulin and the use of these products may delay or prevent initiation of Remodulin therapy. Any of these circumstances could negatively impact our operating results. 
     
    Development of new products or technologies by others may make our products obsolete or seemingly inferior.    
     
  Other companies may introduce new products that may render all or some of our technologies and products obsolete or noncompetitive. For example, Uptravi was approved by the FDA in December 2015 for the treatment of PAH, and competes directly with Orenitram. Our commercial therapies may also have to compete with investigational products currently in development, such as Trevyent    , which is a single-use, pre-filled pump being developed by SteadyMed to deliver a two-day supply of treprostinil subcutaneously using its PatchPump    technology. SteadyMed has announced plans to file an NDA for Trevyent during the first quarter of 2017, and launch the product in late 2017. In January 2016, SteadyMed announced that Trevyent has been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA for the treatment of PAH. As a result, if Trevyent obtains FDA approval prior to FDA approval of RemUnity (our pre-filled, semi-disposable treprostinil pump) or RemoSynch (our implantable system for intravenous treprostinil), SteadyMed could have seven years of exclusivity during which the FDA may be prevented from approving these products except in limited circumstances such as a showing of clinical superiority. In addition, alternative approaches to treating chronic diseases, such as gene therapy, cell therapy or transplantation technologies, may make our products obsolete or noncompetitive. If introduced into the market, investigational therapies for PAH could be used in combination with, or as a substitute for, our therapies. If this occurs, doctors may reduce or discontinue the use of our products for their patients. 
     
 37   

Table of Contents   
     
    Sales of our products are subject to reimbursement from government agencies and other third parties. Pharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement pressures may negatively impact our sales.    
     
  The commercial success of our products depends, in part, on the availability of reimbursements by governmental payers such as Medicare and Medicaid, and private insurance companies. An estimated 25-55% of Remodulin, Tyvaso, Adcirca and Orenitram sales in the United States are reimbursed under the Medicare and Medicaid programs. In the United States, the European Union and other potentially significant markets for our products such as China and Japan, government payers and/or third-party payers are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medicinal products and frequently challenge the pricing of new and expensive drugs. Our prostacyclin analogue products (Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram) and our oncology product (Unituxin) are expensive therapies. Consequently, it may be difficult for our distributors to obtain adequate reimbursement for our products from third-party payers to motivate such distributors to support our products. Alternatively, third-party payers may reduce the amount of reimbursement for our products based on changes in pricing of other therapies for the same disease. If third-party payers do not approve our products for reimbursement, or limit reimbursements, patients and physicians could choose competing products that are approved for reimbursement or provide lower out-of-pocket costs.  
     
  In the United States, the federal government and others are increasingly focused on analyzing the impact of various regulatory programs on the federal deficit, which could result in increased pressure on federal programs to reduce costs. In addition, financial pressures may cause the federal government or other third-party payers to seek cost containment more aggressively through mandatory discounts or rebates on our products, policies requiring the automatic substitution of generic products, more rigorous requirements for initial reimbursement approvals for new products or other similar measures. For example, there have been proposals to reduce reimbursement rates and/or adopt mandatory rebates under Medicare Part B, which covers Remodulin and Tyvaso. A reduction in the availability or extent of reimbursement from government health care programs could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.  
     
  In Europe, the success of our commercial products and future products depends largely on obtaining and maintaining government reimbursement at acceptable levels. In many European countries, patients are unlikely to use prescription drugs that are not reimbursed by their governments. Countries in Europe are under increasing pressure to reduce the cost of health care. Changes to current reimbursement policies may adversely affect our ability to sell our products or sell our products on a profitable basis. In many markets outside the United States, governments control the prices of prescription pharmaceuticals through the implementation of reference pricing, price cuts, rebates, revenue-related taxes and profit control. Furthermore, international governments expect prices of prescription pharmaceuticals to decline over the life of the product or as prescription volumes increase.  
     
    Our production strategy exposes us to significant risks.    
     
  We must be able to produce sufficient quantities of our commercial products to satisfy the growing demand for our products. We produce Remodulin, Orenitram, Tyvaso and Unituxin, including the active ingredient in each of these products, at our own facilities and rely on third parties for additional production capacity. We rely on Minnetronix, Inc. as the sole manufacturer of the Tyvaso Inhalation System, and on Eli Lilly and Company (Lilly) as the sole manufacturer of Adcirca. In addition, if the RemoSynch system is approved, we will be reliant on Medtronic as the sole manufacturer of the SynchroMed II infusion system and related components.  
     
  We substantially rely on third parties to adhere to and maintain production processes in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements. If any of these critical third-party production and supply arrangements are interrupted for compliance issues or other reasons, we may not have sufficient inventory to meet future demand. In addition, any change in suppliers and/or service providers could interrupt the production of our commercial products and impede the progress of our commercial launch plans and clinical trials.  
     
  In addition, our internal production process also subjects us to risks as we engage in increasingly complex production processes. For example, Remodulin, Tyvaso and Unituxin are sterile solutions that must be prepared under highly-controlled environmental conditions, which are challenging to maintain on a commercial scale. In addition, Unituxin is a monoclonal antibody. As with all biologic products, monoclonal antibodies are inherently more difficult to produce than our treprostinil-based products and involve increased risk of viral and other contaminants. Finally, we have limited experience producing Orenitram and Unituxin on a commercial scale, and currently all Orenitram and Unituxin production is performed internally. It could take substantial time to establish an FDA-approved contract manufacturer as a back-up supplier of our newest products, Orenitram and Unituxin, or this process may not be successful at all. Our long-term regenerative medicine and xenotransplantation programs will involve exceptionally complicated production processes, many of which have never been attempted on a clinical or commercial scale. It could take substantial time and resources to develop and implement such production processes, or we may never be able to do so successfully.  
     
 38   

Table of Contents   
     
  Additional risks we face with our production strategy include the following:  
     
                        We and our third-party producers are subject to the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices, current Good Tissue Practices and similar international regulatory standards. We are limited in our ability to exercise control over regulatory compliance by our third-party producers; 
     
                        As we expand our production operations to include new elements of the production process or new products, we may experience difficulty designing and implementing processes and procedures to ensure compliance with applicable regulations; 
     
                        Even if we and our third-party producers are in compliance with applicable domestic and international drug production regulations, the sterility and quality of the products being produced could be substandard and, therefore, such products would be unavailable for sale or use or subject to recalls; 
     
                        If we had to replace our own production operations or a third-party producer, the FDA and its international counterparts would require new testing and compliance inspections. Furthermore, a new producer would have to be familiarized with the processes necessary to produce and commercially validate our products, as producing our treprostinil-based and biologic products is complex; 
     
                        We may be unable to contract with needed producers on satisfactory terms or at all; and 
     
                        The supply of materials and components necessary to produce and package our products may become scarce or unavailable. Disruptions to the supply of these materials could delay the production and subsequent sale of such products. Any products produced with substituted materials or components would be subject to approval from the FDA and international regulatory agencies before they could be sold. The timing of any such regulatory approval is difficult to predict. 
     
  Any of these factors could disrupt sales of our commercial products, delay clinical trials or commercialization of new products, result in product liability claims and product recalls, and entail higher costs. Interruptions in our production process could be significant given the length of time and complexity involved in obtaining necessary regulatory approvals for alternative arrangements, through either third parties or internal manufacturing processes.  
     
    We rely in part on third parties to perform activities that are critical to our business. Our ability to generate commercial sales or conduct clinical trials could suffer if our third-party suppliers and service providers fail to perform.    
     
  Third parties assist us in: (1) producing our commercial products; (2) conducting clinical trials, preclinical studies and other research and development activities; (3) obtaining regulatory approvals; (4) conducting pharmacovigilance-related and product complaint activities, including drug safety, reporting adverse events and product complaints; and (5) marketing and distributing our products. In addition, we rely on independent third party manufacturers for the availability of pumps and ancillary supplies necessary for the delivery of subcutaneous and intravenous Remodulin, and in most cases we have no contracts with these manufacturers. The involvement of third parties is necessary because we do not possess the internal capacity, and in certain cases the expertise, to perform all of these functions. Accordingly, the success of these third parties in performing their contractual obligations is critical to our operations.  
     
  For risks relating to the involvement of third parties in our production process, see the risk factor above, entitled  Our production strategy exposes us to significant risks .  
     
  We rely on Accredo Health Group, Inc. and CVS Caremark to distribute and sell Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram in the United States. These distributors are also partially responsible for negotiating reimbursements from third-party payers for the cost of our therapies. We also rely on ASD Specialty Healthcare, Inc. to distribute and sell Unituxin in the United States. We also rely on various distributors to market, distribute and sell Remodulin, Tyvaso and Unituxin outside the United States. From time-to-time, we increase the price of products sold to our U.S.-based and international distributors. Our price increases may not be fully reimbursed by third-party payers. If our distributors do not achieve acceptable profit margins on our products, they may reduce or discontinue the sale of our products. Furthermore, if our distributors devote fewer resources to sell our products or are unsuccessful in their sales efforts, our revenues may decline materially. Outside the United States, we are substantially reliant on our international distributors to maintain regulatory approvals for our products and to market and sell our products in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  
     
  We rely on Lilly to manufacture and supply Adcirca for us, and we use Lilly s pharmaceutical wholesaler network to distribute Adcirca. If Lilly is unable to manufacture or supply Adcirca or its distribution network is disrupted, it could delay, disrupt or prevent us from selling Adcirca. In addition, Lilly has the right to determine the price of Adcirca, which generally moves in parity with the price Lilly sets for Cialis     (both of these products contain the same active ingredient). Changes in 
     
 39   

Table of Contents   
     
  Lilly s prices could adversely impact demand or reimbursement for Adcirca, particularly in light of the commercial availability of generic sildenafil, the active ingredient in Revatio, which could be prescribed in lieu of Adcirca.  
     
  In addition, any change in service providers could interrupt the distribution of our commercial products and our other products and services, and impede the progress of our clinical trials, commercial launch plans and related revenues.  
     
  We rely heavily on third-party contract research organizations, contract laboratories, clinical investigative sites and other third-parties to conduct our clinical trials, preclinical studies and other research and development activities. In addition, the success of certain products we are developing will depend on clinical trials sponsored by third parties. Failure by any third party to conduct or assist us in conducting clinical trials in accordance with study protocols, quality controls and GCP, or other applicable U.S. or international requirements or to submit associated regulatory filings, could limit or prevent our ability to rely on results of those trials in seeking regulatory approvals.  
     
  We rely heavily on Medtronic for the success of our program to develop an implantable pump to deliver intravenous Remodulin (the Implantable System for Remodulin, or RemoSynch). Medtronic has completed a clinical study in this regard, and submitted a Premarket Approval Application (PMA) seeking FDA approval for the Implantable System for Remodulin. Medtronic received a response letter from the FDA in March 2016, indicating that Medtronic s PMA was not approvable. In its response letter, the FDA noted various measures that Medtronic should take to make the PMA approvable. Medtronic submitted additional information to supplement its PMA in October 2016, and it remains Medtronic s responsibility to address any further follow-up with the FDA. If Medtronic obtains PMA approval and we obtain FDA approval of our parallel NDA filing to amend Remodulin s labeling, we will also rely on Medtronic to manufacture the Implantable System for Remodulin and to maintain appropriate quality controls relating to the system. We also note that Medtronic has received a consent decree requiring the company to stop manufacturing, designing and distributing SynchroMed II implantable infusion pump systems, except in limited circumstances, citing violations of the quality system regulation for medical devices. The consent decree will remain in effect until the FDA has determined that Medtronic has met all the provisions listed in the consent decree. It is unclear how this consent decree will impact our program to develop and commercialize the Implantable System for Remodulin. As such, we can provide no assurances as to the timing or likelihood of the program s success. Similarly, we rely heavily on DEKA for the development of RemUnity, our pre-filled, semi-disposable pump system for subcutaneous treprostinil.  
     
  We are reliant on third parties to supply pumps and other supplies necessary to deliver Remodulin. There are a limited number of pumps available in the market, and the discontinuation of any particular pump could have a material, adverse impact on our Remodulin revenues if a viable supply of an alternate pump is not available.  
     
    Our operations must comply with extensive laws and regulations in the United States and other countries, including FDA regulations. Failure to obtain approvals on a timely basis or to achieve continued compliance could delay, disrupt or prevent the commercialization of our products.    
     
  The products we develop must be approved for marketing and sale by regulatory agencies and, once approved, are subject to extensive regulation. Our research and development efforts must comply with extensive regulations, including those promulgated by the FDA and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The process of obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals for new drugs is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. The regulatory approval process is particularly uncertain for our lung transplantation programs, which include the development of xenotransplantation, regenerative medicine and cell-based products. The manufacture, distribution, advertising and marketing of our products are also subject to extensive regulation, including strict pharmacovigilance and adverse event and medical device reporting requirements. Any future product approvals we receive could be accompanied by significant restrictions on the use or marketing of a given product. Furthermore, our product candidates may fail to receive marketing approval on a timely basis, or at all. If granted, product approvals can be withdrawn for failure to comply with regulatory requirements, such as post-marketing requirements and post-marketing commitments, or upon the occurrence of adverse events subsequent to commercial introduction.  
     
  Discovery of previously unknown problems with our marketed products or problems with our manufacturing, regulatory, compliance, research and development, pharmacovigilance and adverse event reporting, marketing or sales activities could result in regulatory restrictions on our products up to and including withdrawal of our products from the market. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we could be subject to penalties that may consist of fines, suspension of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of our products and/or criminal prosecution. In addition, our reputation could be harmed as a result of any such regulatory restrictions or actions, and patients and physicians may avoid the use of our products even after we have resolved the issues that led to such regulatory action.  
     
  Any investigation, inquiry or other legal proceeding relating to our operations may adversely affect our business or results of operations. For example, in May 2016, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice requesting documents regarding our support of 501(c)(3) organizations that provide financial assistance to patients taking our medicines. We are cooperating with this inquiry. We are unable to predict how long this inquiry will continue or its outcome, but it may require  
     
 40   

Table of Contents   
     
  significant management time and attention, and we may incur significant costs in connection with the investigation, regardless of the outcome.  
     
    We are subject to ongoing regulatory review of our currently marketed products.    
     
  After our products receive regulatory approval, they remain subject to ongoing regulatory requirements, which can impact, among other things, product labeling, manufacturing practices, pharmacovigilance and adverse event and medical device reporting, complaint processing, storage, distribution, advertising and promotion, and record keeping. If we do not comply with applicable regulations, the range of possible sanctions may include: (1) adverse publicity; (2) product recalls or seizures; (3) fines; (4) total or partial suspensions of production and/or distribution; (5) suspension of marketing applications; and (6) enforcement actions, including injunctions and civil suits or criminal prosecution. Further, the FDA often requires post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the effects of approved products. The FDA and comparable international regulatory agencies may condition approval of our product candidates on the completion of such post-marketing clinical studies. These post-marketing studies may suggest that a product causes undesirable side effects or may present a risk to the patient. If data we collect from post-marketing studies suggest that one of our approved products may present an unacceptable safety risk, regulatory authorities could withdraw the product s approval, suspend production or place other marketing restrictions on that product. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is delayed or withdrawn, our operating results and the value of our company may be adversely affected.  
     
    Regulatory approval for our currently marketed products is limited by the FDA and other regulators to those specific indications and conditions for which clinical safety and efficacy have been demonstrated.    
     
  Any regulatory approval of our products is limited to specific diseases and indications for which our products have been deemed safe and effective by the FDA. In addition to the FDA approval required for new formulations, any new indication for an approved product also requires FDA approval. If we are not able to obtain FDA approval for any desired future indications for our products, our ability to effectively market and sell our products may be reduced.  
     
  While physicians may choose to prescribe drugs for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and for uses that differ from those approved by regulatory authorities (called  off-label  uses), our ability to promote the products is limited to those indications that are specifically approved by the FDA. Although U.S. regulatory authorities generally do not regulate the behavior of physicians, they do restrict communications by companies on the subject of off-label use. If our promotional activities fail to comply with these regulations or guidelines, we may be subject to warnings from, or enforcement action by, these authorities. In addition, failure to follow FDA rules and guidelines relating to promotion and advertising can result in the FDA s refusal to approve a product, suspension or withdrawal of an approved product from the market, product recalls, fines, disgorgement of money, operating restrictions, civil lawsuits, injunctions or criminal prosecution.  
     
    We must comply with various laws in jurisdictions around the world that restrict certain marketing practices in the pharmaceutical and medical device industries. Failure to comply with such laws could result in penalties and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.    
     
  There are various laws in jurisdictions around the world that restrict particular marketing practices in the pharmaceutical and medical device industries. These laws include, but are not limited to, anti-kickback and false claims statutes, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act. Our business activities may be subject to challenge under these laws, and any penalties imposed upon us could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Any expansion of sales and marketing efforts can increase the risks of noncompliance with these laws. Finally, the growth in our operations outside the United States, both directly and through third-party distributors, also has increased these risks.  
     
  In the United States, the federal health care program anti-kickback statute prohibits, among other activities, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, or receiving compensation to induce, or in return for, the purchase, lease, order or arranging the purchase, lease or order of any health care product or service reimbursable under any federally financed health-care program. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. The exemptions and safe harbors for this statute are narrow, and practices that involve compensation intended to induce prescriptions, purchases, or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exemption or safe harbor. Our practices may not always meet all of the criteria for safe harbor protection.  
     
  The federal False Claims Act prohibits any person from knowingly presenting or causing to be presented a false claim or knowingly making or causing a false statement material to a false claim. Several pharmaceutical and health care companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the free product. Other companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of these companies  marketing of a product for unapproved and non-reimbursable uses. Potential liability  
     
 41   

Table of Contents   
     
  under the federal False Claims Act includes mandatory treble damages and significant per-claim penalties, currently set at $5,500 to $11,000 per false claim. The majority of states also have statutes or regulations similar to the federal anti-kickback statute and False Claims Act, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs; furthermore, in several states, these statutes and regulations apply regardless of the payer. Sanctions under these federal and state laws may include civil monetary penalties, exclusion of a manufacturer s product from reimbursement under government programs, debarment, criminal fines, and imprisonment.  
     
  The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (PPACA), also imposed new reporting requirements for pharmaceutical, biologic and device manufacturers with regard to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals. In addition, pharmaceutical, biologic and device manufacturers, with certain exceptions, are required to report and disclose investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members during the preceding calendar year. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to $150,000 per year (and up to $1.0 million per year for  knowing failures ) for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests not reported in an annual submission.  
     
  Further, the PPACA amends the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback and criminal health care fraud statutes. This amendment provides that a person or entity no longer needs to have knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act.  
     
  If not preempted by this federal law, several states currently require pharmaceutical companies to report expenses relating to the marketing and promotion of pharmaceutical products and to report payments and other transfers of value to individual physicians in those states. Depending on the state, legislation may prohibit various other marketing related activities, or require the posting of information relating to clinical studies and their outcomes. In addition, certain states, such as California, Nevada, Connecticut and Massachusetts, require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs or marketing codes and several other states are considering similar proposals. Compliance with these laws is difficult and time consuming, and companies that do not comply with these state laws will face civil penalties.  
     
    Government health care reform could increase our costs, which would adversely affect our revenue and results of operations.    
     
  Our industry is highly regulated and changes in law may adversely impact our business, operations or financial results. The PPACA is a broad measure intended to expand health care coverage within the United States, primarily through the imposition of health insurance mandates on employers and individuals and expansion of the Medicaid program. The reforms imposed by the law will significantly impact the pharmaceutical industry; however, the full effects of the PPACA will be unknown until all of these provisions are implemented and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and other federal and state agencies issue applicable regulations or guidance. Moreover, in the coming years, additional changes could be made to governmental health care programs that could significantly impact the success of our products or product candidates.  
     
    Reports of actual or perceived side effects and adverse events associated with our products, such as sepsis, could cause physicians and patients to avoid or discontinue use of our products in favor of alternative treatments.    
     
  Reports of side effects and adverse events associated with our products could have a significant adverse impact on the sale of our products. An example of a known risk associated with intravenous Remodulin is sepsis, which is a serious and potentially life-threatening infection of the bloodstream caused by a wide variety of bacteria. Intravenous prostacyclin analogues, such as intravenous Remodulin, are infused continuously through a catheter placed in a large vein in the patient s chest, and sepsis is a known risk associated with this type of delivery. As a result, sepsis is included as a risk in the Remodulin package insert, and the occurrence of sepsis is familiar to physicians who prescribe intravenously administered therapies. Concerns about bloodstream infections may affect a physician s decision to prescribe or a patient s willingness to use intravenous Remodulin.  
     
    Negative attention from special interest groups may impair our business.    
     
  As is common with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, our early-stage research and development involves animal testing, which we conduct both directly and through contracts with third parties. Notwithstanding the vital role of animal research in the drug discovery and development process, certain special interest groups categorically object to the use of animals for research purposes. Historically, our research and development activities have not been the subject of significant animal rights media attention. However, research activities with animals have been the subject of adverse attention, generally including demonstrations near facilities operated by other companies in our industry. Any negative attention, threats or acts of vandalism directed against our animal research activities in the future could impede the operation of our business.  
     
 42   

Table of Contents   
     
    If any of the license or other agreements under which intellectual property rights are licensed to, or were acquired by us, are breached or terminated, our right to continue to develop, produce and sell the products covered by such agreements could be impaired or lost.    
     
  Our business depends upon our continuing ability to exploit our intellectual property rights in the drugs and other products that have been discovered and initially developed by others and those which we have commercialized and are developing further. These intellectual property rights have either been licensed to us or have been acquired by us. Under each of our product license agreements, we are granted a license to intellectual property owned by others that covers a drug or other product. Under each of our purchase agreements, we have rights to certain intellectual property. We may be required to license other intellectual property owned by third parties to continue to develop and commercialize our products.  
     
  This dependence on intellectual property developed by others involves the following risks:  
     
                        We may be unable to obtain rights to intellectual property that we determine we need for our business at a reasonable cost or at all; 
     
                        If any of our product licenses or purchase agreements are terminated, we may lose our rights to develop, make and sell the products to which such licenses or agreements relate; 
     
                        Our license and purchase agreements generally provide the licensor or seller with the right to terminate the agreement in the event of a breach; for example, if we fail to pay royalties and other fees timely and do not cure the failure within a stated time period; and 
     
                        If a licensor of intellectual property that we have rights to breaches its obligation or otherwise fails to maintain the intellectual property licensed, we may lose any ability to prevent others from developing or marketing similar products that are covered by such intellectual property. In addition, we may be forced to incur substantial costs to maintain the intellectual property ourselves or take legal action seeking to force the licensor to do so. 
     
    Certain agreements under which we acquired or licensed intellectual property rights may restrict our ability to develop related products in certain countries or for particular diseases and may impose other restrictions that affect our ability to develop and market related products in the most effective manner.    
     
  When we acquire or license intellectual property rights to drugs and other products that have been discovered and initially developed by others, these rights are frequently limited. For instance, our rights to market Adcirca are geographically limited to the United States. Furthermore, we cannot undertake any additional investigational work with respect to Adcirca in other indications of pulmonary hypertension without Lilly s prior approval. Provisions in our license and purchase agreements may impose other restrictions that affect our ability to develop and market products to which the intellectual property relates. For example, Lilly also has authority over all regulatory activities relating to Adcirca and has the right to determine the price at which we sell the drug.  
     
    Our intellectual property rights may not effectively deter competitors from developing competing products that, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profits.    
     
  The period under which our commercial and developmental therapies are protected by our patent rights is limited. Three of our U.S. patents covering our current methods of synthesizing and producing treprostinil, the active ingredient in Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram, expire in October 2017, and a fourth will expire in 2028. We settled patent litigation with Sandoz and Teva, which will permit them to launch generic versions of Remodulin in the United States in June 2018 and December 2018, respectively, although they may be permitted to enter the market earlier under certain circumstances. In October 2016, we received notice that Par has also filed an ANDA seeking FDA approval to market a generic version of Remodulin. For further details, please see  Part I, Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Generic Competition.  We also have been granted one patent in the European Union and one patent in Japan, each of which covers our treprostinil synthesis and production methods and will expire in October 2018. Our three U.S. patents covering an improved diluent for Remodulin will expire in 2028 and 2029. Our U.S. patent covering intravenous administration of Remodulin with certain diluents expires in 2024. Our patents for Tyvaso covering methods of treating PAH by inhaled delivery and a method and kit for treating pulmonary hypertension will expire in the United States and in various countries throughout the world in 2018 and 2028, respectively. Our patents for Orenitram covering methods of use for treating PAH, orally administered formulations, controlled moisture storage and production methods and controlled release formulations will expire in the United States between 2024 and 2031 and in various countries throughout the world between 2024 and 2030. The U.S. patent for Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension will expire in November 2017.  
     
 43   

Table of Contents   
     
  We continue to conduct research into new methods to synthesize treprostinil and have pending U.S. and international patent applications and patents relating to such methods. However, we cannot be sure that these additional patents will effectively deter or delay competitors  efforts to bring new products to market, or that additional patent applications will result in new patents. Upon the expiration of any of our patents, competitors may develop generic versions of our products and may market those generic versions at a lower price to compete with our products. Competitors may also seek to design around our patents prior to their expiration in an effort to develop competing products that do not infringe our patents. Prior to the expiration of our patents, third parties are currently, and may in the future, challenge the validity of our patents, through patent litigation, proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other applicable patent filing office, or other means.  
     
  The scope of any patent we hold may not deter competitors from developing a product that competes with the product we sell that is covered by the patent. Patent laws of foreign jurisdictions may not protect our patent rights to the same extent as the patent laws of the United States. In addition, we may be forced to incur substantial costs to defend the intellectual property rights conferred by our patents. Furthermore, our suppliers who have granted us exclusive rights may have inadequate intellectual property protections. Competitors also may attempt to invalidate our existing patents before they expire.  
     
  In addition to patent protection, we also rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary know-how and other technological advances that we do not disclose to the public. We enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and others to whom we disclose trade secrets and other confidential information. These agreements may not necessarily prevent our trade secrets from being used or disclosed without our authorization and confidentiality agreements may be difficult, time-consuming and expensive to enforce or may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure. In addition, if any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent such third party, or those to whom they communicate such technology or information, from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our business and competitive position could be harmed.  
     
    The validity, enforceability and scope of certain of our patents covering Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram are currently being challenged as a result of ANDA filings by generic drug companies and a petition for inter partes review. The outcome of current or future challenges with respect to the validity, enforceability, or scope of our patents could significantly reduce revenues from Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram.    
     
  Both Sandoz and Teva filed ANDAs seeking FDA approval to market generic versions of Remodulin, and Watson and Actavis have ANDAs seeking FDA approval to market generic versions of Tyvaso and Orenitram, respectively. We settled patent litigation with Sandoz and Teva, which will permit them to launch their generic Remodulin products in the United States in June 2018 and December 2018, respectively, although they may be permitted to enter the market earlier under certain circumstances, and we have filed lawsuits against Watson and Actavis in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging patent infringement. In October 2016, we received notice that Par has also filed an ANDA seeking FDA approval to market a generic version of Remodulin. In addition, in October 2015, SteadyMed filed a petition for  inter partes  review with the Patent Trial and Appeal Board of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office seeking to invalidate the claims of one of our patents covering a method of making treprostinil that expires in 2028 and is listed in the Orange Book for Remodulin, Tyvaso, and Orenitram. For details on the status of these matters, please see Note 14  Litigation , to our consolidated financial statements.  
     
  We may not prevail in our defense of our patent rights, and additional challenges from other ANDA filers or other competitors may surface with respect to Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram. Our existing patents could be invalidated, found unenforceable or found not to cover one or more generic forms of Remodulin, Tyvaso or Orenitram. If any ANDA filer were to receive approval to sell a generic version of Remodulin, Tyvaso or Orenitram and/or prevail in any patent litigation, the affected product would become subject to increased competition and our revenue would decrease.  
     
    Third parties may allege that our patents are invalid, or that our products or services infringe their patents and other intellectual property rights, which could result in the payment of royalties. Payment of royalties would negatively affect our profits; furthermore, if we chose to contest these allegations, we could be subject to costly and time-consuming litigation or could lose the ability to continue to sell the related products   . 
     
  Third parties may seek to invalidate or otherwise challenge our patents, through patent litigation and/or initiating proceedings, including re-examinations,  inter partes  reviews, post-grant reviews and interference proceedings, before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. We may initiate litigation to enforce or defend our patents or intellectual property rights; however, litigation can be time consuming, distracting to our operations, costly and may conclude unfavorably for us. In addition, the outcome of patent infringement litigation often is difficult to predict. If we are unsuccessful with respect to any future legal action in the defense of our patents and our patents are invalidated or determined to be unenforceable, our business could be negatively impacted. Even if our patents are determined to be valid or enforceable, it is possible that a competitor  
     
 44   

Table of Contents   
     
  could circumvent our patents by effectively designing around the claims of our patents. Accordingly, our patents may not provide us with any competitive advantage.  
     
  To the extent third-party patents to which we currently do not hold licenses are necessary for us to manufacture, use or sell our products, we would need to obtain necessary licenses to prevent infringement. In the case of products or services that utilize intellectual property of strategic collaborators or other suppliers, such suppliers may have an obligation to secure the needed license to these patents at their cost. Otherwise, we would be responsible for the cost of these licenses. Royalty payments and other fees under these licenses would erode our profits from the sale of related products and services. Moreover, we may be unable to obtain these licenses on acceptable terms or at all. If we fail to obtain a required license or are unable to alter the design of the product to avoid infringing a third-party patent, we would be unable to continue to manufacture or sell related products.  
     
  If a third party commences legal action against us for infringement, or institutes proceedings challenging the validity of our patents, we could be compelled to incur significant costs to defend the action and our management s attention could be diverted from our day-to-day business operations, whether or not the action were to have any merit. We cannot be certain that we could prevail in the action, and an adverse judgment or settlement resulting from the action could require us to pay substantial amounts in damages for infringement or substantial amounts to obtain a license to continue to use the intellectual property that is the subject of the infringement claim.  
     
    We may not maintain adequate insurance coverage to protect us against significant product liability claims.    
     
  The testing, manufacturing, marketing, and sale of drugs and diagnostics involve product liability risks. We may not be able to maintain our current product liability insurance at an acceptable cost, if at all. In addition, our insurance coverage may not be adequate for all potential claims. If claims or losses significantly exceed our liability insurance coverage, we may experience financial hardship or potentially be forced out of business.  
     
    If we fail to attract and retain key management and qualified scientific and technical personnel, we may not be able to achieve our business objectives.    
     
  Members of our management team, including our founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Martine Rothblatt, play a critical role in defining our business strategy and maintaining our corporate culture. The loss of the services and leadership of Dr. Rothblatt or any other members of our senior management team could have an adverse effect on our business. We do not maintain key person life insurance on our senior management team members. In addition, effective succession planning is important to our long-term success. Failure to identify, hire and retain suitable successors for members of our senior management team and to transfer knowledge effectively could impede the achievement of our business objectives. Our future success also depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific and technical personnel. Competition for skilled scientific and technical personnel in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries is intense. Furthermore, our compensation arrangements may not be sufficient to attract new qualified scientific and technical employees or retain such core employees. If we fail to attract and retain such employees, we may not be successful in developing and commercializing new therapies for PAH and other diseases.  
     
    Improper handling of hazardous materials used in our activities could expose us to significant remediation liabilities.    
     
  Our research and development and manufacturing activities involve the controlled use of chemicals and hazardous substances and we are expanding these activities in both scale and location. In addition, patients may dispose of our products using means we do not control. Such activities subject us to numerous federal, state, and local environmental and safety laws and regulations that govern the management, storage and disposal of hazardous materials. Compliance with current and future environmental laws and regulations can require significant costs; furthermore, we can be subject to substantial fines and penalties in the event of noncompliance. The risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be completely eliminated. Furthermore, once chemical and hazardous materials leave our facilities, we cannot control the manner in which such hazardous waste is disposed of by our contractors. In the event of an accident, we could be liable for substantial civil damages or costs associated with the cleanup of the release of hazardous materials. Any related liability could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
     
    We may encounter substantial difficulties managing our growth relative to product demand.    
     
  We have spent considerable resources building and expanding our offices, laboratories and production facilities. However, our facilities could be insufficient to meet future demand for our products. Conversely, we may have excess capacity at our facilities if future demand falls short of our projections, or if we do not receive regulatory approvals for the products we intend to produce at our facilities. Constructing our facilities is expensive and our ability to satisfactorily recover our investment will depend on sales of the products manufactured at these facilities in sufficient volume. If we do experience substantial sales  
     
 45   

Table of Contents   
     
  growth, we may have difficulty managing inventory levels as marketing new therapies is complicated and gauging future demand can be difficult and uncertain until we possess sufficient post-launch sales experience.  
     
    If we need additional financing and cannot obtain it, our product development and sales efforts may be limited.    
     
  In January 2016, we entered into a Credit Agreement (the 2016 Credit Agreement) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (Wells Fargo), as administrative agent and a swingline lender, and various other lender parties, providing for an unsecured revolving credit facility of up to $1.0 billion (the Revolving Facility). The Revolving Facility will mature five years after the closing date of the 2016 Credit Agreement, subject to the lenders  ability to extend the maturity date by one year if we request such an extension in accordance with the terms of the 2016 Credit Agreement.  
     
  Notwithstanding the funds available under the 2016 Credit Agreement, we may be required to seek additional sources of financing to meet unplanned or planned expenditures. Unplanned expenditures could be significant and may result from necessary modifications to product development plans or product offerings in response to difficulties encountered with clinical trials. We may also face unexpected costs in preparing products for commercial sale, or in maintaining sales levels of our currently marketed therapeutic products. In addition, the 2016 Credit Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness. If we are unable to obtain additional funding on commercially reasonable terms or at all, we may be compelled to delay clinical studies, curtail operations or obtain funds through collaborative arrangements that may require us to relinquish rights to certain products or potential markets.  
     
  We may require additional financing to meet significant future obligations. For example, awards granted under our Share Tracking Awards Plans (which we collectively refer to as the STAP) entitle participants to receive in cash an amount equal to the appreciation in the price of our common stock, which is calculated as the positive difference between the closing price of our common stock on the date of exercise and the date of grant. Consequently, our STAP may require significant future cash payments to participants to the extent the price of our common stock appreciates and the number of vested STAP awards increases over time. If we do not have sufficient funds to meet such obligations or the ability to secure alternative sources of financing, we could be in default, face litigation and/or lose key employees, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
     
    We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations in connection with our indebtedness, which actions may not be successful.    
     
  We may borrow up to $1.0 billion under the 2016 Credit Agreement. Our ability to make payments on or refinance our debt obligations, including any future debt that we may incur, will depend on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations would materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.  
     
  If we cannot repay or refinance our debt as it becomes due, we could be forced to take disadvantageous actions, including reducing or delaying investments and capital expenditures, disposing of material assets or operations, seeking additional debt or equity capital or restructuring or refinancing our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, such actions may not be sufficient for us to meet any such debt service obligations. In addition, our ability to withstand competitive pressures and to react to changes in our industry could be impaired.  
     
  In addition, the 2016 Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants that limit our ability to take certain actions including, among other things, our ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant liens, merge or consolidate; liquidate, wind up or dissolve; or sell all or substantially all of our assets. Our failure to comply with the covenants in the 2016 Credit Agreement could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all amounts due under the 2016 Credit Agreement.  
     
    Information technology security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to legal responsibility which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.    
     
  In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our suppliers, customers and business partners, and personally identifiable information. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error,  
     
 46   

Table of Contents   
     
  malfeasance or other disruptions. Such breaches could compromise sensitive and confidential information stored on our networks and expose such information to public disclosure, loss or theft. Any access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disruption of our operations, and damage to our reputation which could adversely affect our business.  
     
   Risks Related to Our Common Stock   
     
    The price of our common stock can be highly volatile and may decline.    
     
  The price of common stock can be highly volatile within the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sector. Consequently, there can be significant price and volume fluctuations in the market that may not relate to operating performance. The following table sets forth the high and low closing prices of our common stock for the periods indicated:  

The price of our common stock could decline sharply due to the following factors, among others:  
     
                        Failure to meet our estimates or expectations, or those of securities analysts; 
     
          Quarterly and annual financial results; 
     
          Timing of enrollment and results of our clinical trials; 
     
                        Announcements by us or others regarding generic or other challenges to the intellectual property relating to our products, including developments with respect to the ANDAs filed by generic drug companies relating to certain of our Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram patents and to our pending lawsuits defending our patent rights, and the  inter partes  review petition filed by SteadyMed challenging the validity of one of the patents listed in the Orange Book for Remodulin, Tyvaso and Orenitram; 
     
                        Physician, patient, investor or public concerns regarding the efficacy and/or safety of products marketed or being developed by us or by others; 
     
                        Changes in, or new legislation and regulations affecting reimbursement of, our therapeutic products by Medicare, Medicaid or other government payers, and changes in reimbursement policies of private health insurance companies, and negative publicity surrounding the cost of high-priced therapies; 
     
                        Announcements by us or others of technological innovations or new products or announcements regarding our existing products, including in particular the development of new, competing PAH therapies; 
     
                        Substantial sales of our common stock by us or our existing shareholders; 
     
                        Future issuances of common stock by us or any other activity which could be viewed as being dilutive to our shareholders; 
     
                        Rumors among, or incorrect statements by, investors and/or analysts concerning our company, our products, or our operations; 
     
                        Failures or delays in our efforts to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals from the FDA or international regulatory agencies; 
     
                        Discovery of previously unknown problems with our marketed products, or problems with our production, regulatory, compliance, promotional, marketing or sales activities that result in regulatory penalties or restrictions on our products, up to the withdrawal of our products from the market; 
     
                        Accumulation of significant short positions in our common stock by hedge funds or other investors or the significant accumulation of our common stock by hedge funds or other institutional investors with investment strategies that may lead to short-term holdings; and 
     
                        General market conditions. 
     
 47   

Table of Contents   
     
    We may fail to meet third-party projections for our revenues or profits.    
     
  Many securities analysts publish quarterly and annual projections of our revenues and profits. Such projections are inherently subject to uncertainty. As a result, actual revenues and profits may fail to meet these projections. Even minor variations in reported revenues and profits compared to securities analysts  expectations could have a significant adverse impact on the price of our common stock.  
     
    Sales or issuances of our common stock may depress our stock price.    
     
  The price of our common stock could decline if: (1) we issue common stock to raise capital or to acquire a license or business; (2) our shareholders transfer ownership of our common stock, or sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market; or (3) our investors become concerned that substantial sales of our common stock may occur. A decrease in the price of our common stock could make it difficult for us to raise capital or fund acquisitions through the issuance of our stock.  
     
    Our share repurchases may affect the value of our common stock.    
     
  In recent years, our Board of Directors has authorized several programs to repurchase our common stock, including a $500.0 million share repurchase program effective during the one-year period commencing January 1, 2016. The price of our common stock may, in part, reflect expectations that we will use all of the funds authorized under our repurchase program to repurchase shares or that additional repurchase programs will be authorized once the current program terminates. Our current share repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares and any decision to repurchase shares will depend on a number of factors, such as market conditions and legal restrictions. Any further repurchase programs are subject to the approval of our Board of Directors. If we fail to meet analyst or investor expectations regarding repurchase programs, our stock price may decline.  
     
    Provisions of Delaware law and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, fourth amended and restated by-laws, shareholder rights plan and employment and license agreements, among other things, could prevent or delay a change of control or change in management that may be beneficial to our public shareholders.    
     
  Certain provisions of Delaware law and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, fourth amended and restated by-laws and shareholder rights plan may prevent, delay or discourage:  
     
                        A merger, tender offer or proxy contest; 
     
                        The assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our securities; and/or 
     
                        The replacement or removal of current management by our shareholders. 
     
  For example, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation divides our Board of Directors into three classes. Members of each class are elected for staggered three-year terms. This provision may make it more difficult for shareholders to replace the majority of directors. It may also deter the accumulation of large blocks of our common stock by limiting the voting power of such blocks.  
     
  Non-competition and all other restrictive covenants in most of our employment agreements will terminate upon a change of control that is not approved by our Board.  
     
  Similarly, a change of control, under certain circumstances, could also result in an acceleration of the vesting of outstanding STAP awards, stock options and restricted stock units. This, together with any increase in our stock price resulting from the announcement of a change of control, could make an acquisition of our company significantly more expensive to the purchaser. We also have a broad-based change of control severance program, under which employees may be entitled to severance benefits in the event they are terminated without cause (or they terminate their employment for good reason) following a change of control. This program could also increase the cost of acquiring our company.  
     
  We enter into certain license agreements that generally prohibit our counterparties or their affiliates from taking necessary steps to acquire or merge with us, directly or indirectly throughout the term of these agreements, plus a specified period thereafter. We are also party to certain license agreements that restrict our ability to assign or transfer the rights licensed to us to third parties, including parties with whom we wish to merge, or those attempting to acquire us. These agreements often require that we obtain prior consent of the counterparties to these agreements if we are contemplating a change of control. If these counterparties withhold consent, related agreements could be terminated and we would lose related license rights. For example, both Lilly and Toray Industries, Inc. (the company from which we license esuberaprost) have the right to terminate our license agreements relating to Adcirca and esuberaprost, respectively, in the event of certain change of control transactions. These  
     
 48   

Table of Contents   
     
  restrictive change of control provisions could impede or prevent mergers or other transactions that could benefit our shareholders.  
     
    Because we do not intend to pay cash dividends, our shareholders must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment in us.    
     
  We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. Furthermore, we do not intend to pay cash dividends in the future and our 2016 Credit Facility contains covenants that may restrict us from doing so. As a result, the return on an investment in our common stock will depend entirely upon the future appreciation in the price of our common stock. There can be no assurances that our common stock will provide a return to investors.  
     
   Item 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS     
     
    Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    

(1)                        Average price paid per share calculated at settlement, including commission. 
     
  (2)                        On October 15, 2015, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to $500.0 million in aggregate repurchases. This program is effective from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016. 
     
   Item 6.  EXHIBITS     
     
  Exhibits filed as a part of this Form 10-Q are listed on the Exhibit Index, which is incorporated by reference herein.  
     
 49   

Table of Contents   
     
   SIGNATURES     
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

UNITED THERAPEUTICS   CORPORATION           

October 27, 2016       

/s/   MARTINE A. ROTHBLATT           

By:       
 
  Martine A. Rothblatt,   Ph.D.           

Title:       
 
   Chairman and Chief Executive   Officer            

(Principal Executive Officer)            

/s/ JAMES C. EDGEMOND           

By:       
 
  James C. Edgemond           

Title:       
 
   Chief Financial Officer and   Treasurer            

(Principal Financial and   Accounting Officer)               
     
 50   

Table of Contents   
     
    EXHIBIT INDEX    

*       

Designates management contracts and compensation   plans.              

Note: Except as otherwise noted above, all exhibits incorporated by reference to the Registrant s previously filed reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission are filed under File No. 000-26301.  
     
 51   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 a16-17213_1ex10d1.htm
 EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1   
     
   AMENDMENT   
     
  THIS AMENDMENT is made as of the 25th day of October, 2016, to the Employment Agreement (the  Agreement ) by and between United Therapeutics Corporation (the  Company ) and James Edgemond ( Employee ) dated March 13, 2015.  
     
  WHEREAS, paragraph 6 of the Agreement provides that Employee is entitled to accrue 19 days of annual paid time off during his first year of employment and to additional accrued paid time off after each year of service in accordance with the Employee Handbook.  
     
  WHEREAS, Company policy allowed for accrued vacation to be carried over from year to year.  
     
  WHEREAS, the Company has determined to implement a discretionary time off program for certain employees under which they do not receive an annual accrual of paid vacation time but rather such employees may take paid vacation time at such times and in such increments as are agreed upon between the employee and his/her manager.  
     
  WHEREAS, on October 31, 2016, the Company will pay Employee for all of his heretofore accrued but unused vacation.  
     
  WHEREAS, the parties hereby amend the Agreement as follows:  
     
  1.                  Elimination of Vacation Accrual .  The parties agree that Paragraph 6 of the Agreement shall be revised to provide that Employee shall participate the discretionary time off program or in whatever time off program or benefit as the Company may decide to offer to employees in Employee s position.  Employee shall continue to receive paid Company holidays pursuant to Company policy. 
     
  2.                  Effect . No other provisions of the Agreement shall be affected by this Amendment. 
     
  In witness whereof, the parties have executed this Amendment effective as of the date first written above.  

JAMES EDGEMOND       

UNITED THERAPEUTICS   CORPORATION           

/s/ James Edgemond       

/s/ Alyssa Friedrich           

Name: Alyssa Friedrich           

Title: SVP, Human   Resources and           

Corporate Devel.              

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 a16-17213_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)   
   OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
  I, Martine A. Rothblatt, certify that:  
     
  1.                 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of United Therapeutics Corporation; 
     
  2.                 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
     
  3.                 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
     
  4.                 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     
  a.                 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
     
  b.                 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
     
  c.                  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
     
  d.                 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     
  5.                 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     
  a.                 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
     
  b.                 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:       
 
  October 27, 2016       

/s/ MARTINE A.   ROTHBLATT           

By:       
 
  Martine A. Rothblatt,   Ph.D.           

Title:       
 
   Chairman and Chief Executive   Officer            

(Principal Executive Officer)               

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 a16-17213_1ex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)   
   OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
  I, James C. Edgemond, certify that:  
     
  1.                 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of United Therapeutics Corporation; 
     
  2.                 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
     
  3.                 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
     
  4.                 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     
  a.                 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
     
  b.                 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
     
  c.                  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
     
  d.                 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     
  5.                 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     
  a.                 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
     
  b.                 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:       
 
  October 27, 2016       

/s/ JAMES C. EDGEMOND           

By:       
 
  James C. Edgemond           

Title:       
 
   Chief Financial Officer and   Treasurer            

(Principal Financial and   Accounting Officer)               

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 a16-17213_1ex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the quarterly report of United Therapeutics Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Martine A. Rothblatt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
     
  1.                 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
     
  2.                 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

October 27, 2016       
 
  /s/ MARTINE A.   ROTHBLATT           

Martine A. Rothblatt,   Ph.D.           

Chairman and Chief Executive   Officer            

(Principal Executive Officer)            

United Therapeutics Corporation               

THE FOREGOING CERTIFICATION IS BEING FURNISHED SOLELY PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 AND IS NOT BEING FILED AS PART OF THE FORM 10-Q OR AS A SEPARATE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT.  
     
  A SIGNED ORIGINAL OF THIS WRITTEN STATEMENT REQUIRED BY SECTION 906, OR OTHER DOCUMENT AUTHENTICATING, ACKNOWLEDGING, OR OTHERWISE ADOPTING THE SIGNATURE THAT APPEARS IN TYPED FORM WITHIN THE ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THIS WRITTEN STATEMENT REQUIRED BY SECTION 906, HAS BEEN PROVIDED TO UNITED THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION AND WILL BE RETAINED BY UNITED THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 a16-17213_1ex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the quarterly report of United Therapeutics Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, James C. Edgemond, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
     
  1.                 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
     
  2.                 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

October 27, 2016       
 
  /s/ JAMES C. EDGEMOND           

James C. Edgemond           

Chief Financial Officer and   Treasurer            

(Principal Financial and   Accounting Officer)            

United Therapeutics Corporation               

THE FOREGOING CERTIFICATION IS BEING FURNISHED SOLELY PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 AND IS NOT BEING FILED AS PART OF THE FORM 10-Q OR AS A SEPARATE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT.  
     
  A SIGNED ORIGINAL OF THIS WRITTEN STATEMENT REQUIRED BY SECTION 906, OR OTHER DOCUMENT AUTHENTICATING, ACKNOWLEDGING, OR OTHERWISE ADOPTING THE SIGNATURE THAT APPEARS IN TYPED FORM WITHIN THE ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THIS WRITTEN STATEMENT REQUIRED BY SECTION 906, HAS BEEN PROVIDED TO UNITED THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION AND WILL BE RETAINED BY UNITED THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 uthr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 uthr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 uthr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 uthr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 uthr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 uthr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

