<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161215_10-K_edgar_data_90721_0001017386-16-000646_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5009230</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>259805</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>327320</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>978851</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2001469</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1302827</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>41</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001017386-16-000646.hdr.sgml : 20161215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161214215419
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001017386-16-000646
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PERVASIP CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000090721
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				132511270
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-04465
		FILM NUMBER:		162052249

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		430 NORTH STREET
		CITY:			WHITE PLAINS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10605
		BUSINESS PHONE:		914-750-9339

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		430 NORTH STREET
		CITY:			WHITE PLAINS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10605

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ELEC COMMUNICATIONS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIRCO INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001017386-16-000646.txt : 20161215

10-K
 1
 pvsp_2015nov30-10k.htm
 NOVEMBER 30, 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the fiscal year ended:  November 30, 2015  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from __________ to
__________ 

Commission File Number: 000-04465 

PERVASIP CORP.  
 
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

New York 
       
     13-2511270  
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of  incorporation or organization) 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of
the Exchange Act:  None  

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of
the Exchange Act: 

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes    
No     

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes    
No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No     

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    
No      

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definition
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No     

The aggregate market value of registrant s
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) computed by reference
to the average bid and asked price of such common equity on May 31, 2015, was $4,777,985.   

As of November 30, 2016, the registrant has
one class of common equity, and the number of shares outstanding of such common equity was 3,778,005,709. 

Documents Incorporated By Reference: None. 

ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I 

Item 1. 
     Business. 
       
     2  
 
     Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors. 
       
     5  
 
     Item 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments. 
       
     12  
 
     Item 2. 
     Properties. 
       
     13  
 
     Item 3. 
     Legal Proceedings. 
       
     13  
 
     Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures. 
       
     13  

PART II 

Item 5. 
     Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
       
     20  
 
     Item 6. 
     Selected Financial Data. 
       
     21  
 
     Item 7. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
       
     21  
 
     Item 7A 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
       
     19  
 
     Item 8. 
     Financial Statements. 
       
     19  
 
     Item 9. 
     Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
       
     19  
 
     Item 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures. 
       
     19  
 
     Item 9B. 
     Other Information. 
       
     20  

PART III 

Item 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
       
     22  
 
     Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation. 
       
     23  
 
     Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
       
     24  
 
     Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
       
     25  
 
     Item 14. 
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
       
     26  

PART IV 

Item 15. 
     Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules. 
       
     28  

SIGNATURES 
       
     30  

iii 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

Included in this Form 10-K
are  forward-looking  statements, as well as historical information.  Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking
statements will prove to be correct.  Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking
statements as a result of certain factors, including matters described in the section titled  Risk Factors.   Forward-looking
statements include those that use forward-looking terminology, such as the words  anticipate,   believe, 
 estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   project,   plan, 
 will,   shall,   should,  and similar expressions, including when used in the negative.  Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable, these statements
involve risks and uncertainties and we cannot assure you that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements.  Important
factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ from these forward-looking statements include
the following: 

The availability of additional funds to successfully pursue our business plan;  

The cooperation of our lenders;  

The cooperation of industry service partners that have signed agreements with us;  

Our ability to market our services to current and new customers and generate customer demand for our products and services in the geographical areas in which we operate;  

The impact of changes in federal and state laws impacting the industries in which we operate;  

Our ability to comply with provisions of our financing agreements;  

The highly competitive nature of cloud-based products;  

The acceptance of cloud-based technologies by mainstream consumers;  

Our ability to retain key personnel;  

Our ability to maintain adequate customer care and manage our churn rate;  

The impact of adverse tax or regulatory rulings or actions affecting our operations, including the imposition of taxes, fees and penalties;  

Our ability to maintain, attract and integrate internal management, technical information and management information systems;  

Our ability to manage rapid growth while maintaining adequate controls and procedures;  

The availability and maintenance of suitable vendor relationships, in a timely manner, at reasonable cost;  

The decrease in prices to consumers brought about by intense competition in cloud-based products; and  

General economic conditions.  

These forward-looking statements
are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to be materially different from
any future results expressed or implied by us in those statements. 

These risk factors should
be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf
may issue.  All written and oral forward-looking statements made in connection with this Report that are attributable
to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements.  Given
these uncertainties, we caution investors not to unduly rely on our forward-looking statements.  We do not undertake
any obligation to review or confirm analysts  expectations or estimates or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  Further,
the statements about our intentions contained in this document are statements of our intentions as of the date of this document
and are based upon, among other things, the existing regulatory environment, industry conditions, market conditions and prices,
the economy in general and our assumptions as of such date.  We may change our intentions, at any time and without notice,
based upon any changes in such factors, in our assumptions or otherwise. 

1 

PART I  

In this Annual Report on Form
10-K, we will refer to Pervasip Corp., a New York corporation, as  our company,   we,   us 
and  our.  

Item 1.  Business.  

Overview  

Our company was incorporated
in the State of New York in 1964.  From 1999 to 2015 we were involved exclusively in the telecommunications business,
both as a reseller of telephone services and, after 2004, through our own IP telephone network. In December 2007, we changed our
name to Pervasip Corp. The word Pervasip is a contraction of the phrase  Pervasive IP  to signify a pervasive Internet
Protocol ( IP ) company with cloud-based technology that possessed a ubiquitous global presence. 

During fiscal 2015 we transitioned
from our cloud-based telecommunications business to pursue a cloud-based business focused on the emerging cannabis industry. We
purchased Canalytix LLC, which is developing a cloud-based application to monitor and control greenhouse facilities, providing
real-time data on energy usage, HVAC systems, lighting and costs. On July 1, 2015, we purchased Plaid Canary Corporation ( PCC ),
a special purpose consolidation company organized to acquire companies and technologies in emerging agricultural markets. On July
6, 2015, PCC acquired 60% of the membership units of Grow Big Supply LLC ( Grow Big ), which operated a retail supply
store in Denver, Colorado targeted at those involved in growing cannabis. 

We planned to use part of the
Grow Big facility to provide laboratory testing and oil extraction services. The facility, however, was in a warehouse district
and it was too difficult to maintain the cleanliness required for laboratory work. In February 2016, we were provided significant
financial incentives from Grow Big s landlord to close our Grow Big store and move it to another location. We laid off our
staff at the store, except for our Chief Science Officer and Chief Operating Officer, and we moved our inventory to temporary storage
while we searched for a location that would allow us to perform scientific work and sell off our remaining inventory. In November
2016, we secured a verbal agreement with a licensed grower and dispensary and we moved inventory from storage into its warehouse.
When our existing inventory is sold, we do not plan to continue the sale of gardening products. We believe there is more value
in providing scientific analysis and extraction services to entities that are operating under a cannabis license. 

We have developed scientific
methods for the analysis of cannabinoids in flowers, concentrates, and edibles through the use of available instruments. As
our operations expand, we plan to assist medical marijuana specialty production facilities in order to better regulate, calculate
proper dosage, and improve consistency in the product. 

Available Information  

We
maintain a corporate website with the address www.canalytix.com .   We have not incorporated
by reference into this Report on Form 10-K the information on any of our websites and you should not consider any of such information
to be a part of this document. Our website addresses are included in this document for reference only.  

We make available free of charge
through our corporate website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K,
and amendments to these reports through a link to the EDGAR database as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such material with, or furnish such material to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).  You
can also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC
20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1.800.SEC.0330.
In addition, the SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including all of our filings. 

2 

The Industry   

Marijuana, a derivative of
the cannabis plant,is classified as a Schedule I controlled substance under the U.S. Controlled Substances Act. A Schedule I controlled
substance is defined as a substance that has no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of safety for use under
medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse.  The Department of Justice defines Schedule 1 controlled substances
as  the most dangerous drugs of all the drug schedules with potentially severe psychological or physical dependence.   Possession
of marijuana is illegal under federal law. Possession with an intent to distribute marijuana is a felony under federal law, potentially
punishable by fines up to $50 million and terms of imprisonment up to life. 

Nevertheless, commencing
with California in 1996, a succession of states have decriminalized the use of marijuana for medical purposes. Although the
medical uses of marijuana deemed acceptable vary from state to state, decriminalization of use for relief of nausea during
chemotherapy, to induce appetite among cancer and AIDs patients, and to relieve chronic pain and muscle spasms is common. At
present, 27 states and the District of Columbia had decriminalized some or all medical uses of marijuana. In December 2015
Congress directed the U.S. Justice Department that it may not interfere with the medical use of marijuana in states where
such use is authorized. The number of Americans living in states in which recreational marijuana is legal more than tripled
as a result of the November 2016 elections. Seven states have legalized recreational marijuana, and a recent Gallup poll
suggests that almost 60% of Americans support the idea. 

Our Business Plan   

Our business plan is to expand
our product and service offerings to meet the full panoply of requirements for marijuana production, and expand our geographic
scope as the criminal proscription of commercial marijuana recedes. Our Chief Science Officer, Dr. Kenneth Hughes, is leading our
research and development activities directed towards development of technologies that will yield products and services useful to
the cannabis industry. Dr. Hughes is a specialist in the realization of products for agricultural and cleantech applications based
on complex technology. Dr. Hughes is exploring technologies currently used by our affiliates for extraction of corn oil during
the production of ethanol, and is adapting that know-how to enable the cost-effective extraction of oil from the cannabis plant.
Success in that endeavor would provide us a leading-edge position in the expanding marijuana production industry, as the extraction
technology could be marketed to the larger scale producers that are likely to emerge as the industry expands and matures. 

Once we have established our
position as a known source for leading edge technologies in the cannabis industry, we intend to build on that position by accumulating
a portfolio of technologies and services that will enable us to offer clients a resolution for any technical issue in growing cannabis
they may encounter. 

Software
and Analytics   

 Early in 2015 we acquired 90%
of Canalytix LLC. Canalytix was organized to market a software solution for the cannabis growing industry - specifically a cloud-based
method of offsite monitoring of an indoor growing facility. Our plan is to use that platform as our entry into a position as a
known  think-tank  for the cannabis growing industry, offering a full complement of technologies and services that will
enhance the profitabilty of our client growers. 

The core Canalytix software
enables growers, both commercial or hobbyist, to monitor and control greenhouse facilities through a system of sensors that transfer
to the cloud real-time data regarding energy usage, efficiency of HVAC systems, lighting and related expense items. The systems
also permit the grouwers to measure, test and properly extract and rate their product to allow users to know the potency of the
product they consume. We can also assist medical marijuana specialty production facilities in order to better regulate, calculate
proper dosage, and maintain consistency in their product. 

Our
staff is currently working on developing laboratory bench top equipment for the analysis of compounds that are important to the
cannabis industry, including cannabinoids and terpenes. We are also engaged in developing field portable equipment to allow on-site
analytics.    

3 

Going forward, we plan to offer
consumers the data/analytics from laboratory testing services to assist consumers in finding the cannabis product that meets their
needs.  We also plan to us the data/analytics to assist with formulation projects for our customers or other companies
requiring that capability. 

Implementation of advanced
instrumentation is a major key to efficient operations where plant yields are maximized, costs are reduced, and impacts on the
environment are minimized.  We have identified several areas where tremendous opportunity exists for portable chemical sensing
instrumentation. 

Plant chemical signals (released to the atmosphere)
are important in understanding plant stage of lifecycle, production of valuable plant components including cannabinoids, and terpenes,
and indicating when pests are present.  We believe we can both  tune  and organize a chemical sensing system to
detect and monitor these chemicals to provide guidance on when to harvest plants, and when to provide nutrient and pesticide treatment. 
Currently, plant harvesting is determined by visual information and destructive analysis. The use of non-destructive high sensitivity
instrumentation could yield hundreds of thousands of dollars to the bottom-line of large growing operations.     

Greenhouse and warehouse optimization reduces
costs and increases product yields.  Precise and accurate control of environmental conditions allows for greater optimization. 
We have the ability to perform advanced environmental monitoring through a range of third-party licensed advanced technology sensing
instrumentation and software monitoring tools.  The combination of this technology and in-house technical expertise will allow
grow facility managers as well as Canalytix personnel to monitor growing operations remotely, identify problems immediately, minimize
energy use, and reduce environmental impacts.     

Marketing   

Our
marketing approach is focused on working with industry participants to create awareness of the services and products we provide.
 Word-of-mouth has proven to be our most valuable form of marketing. We also post information on websites
to attract potential customers within the geographical area that we serve.  

Our target market segments
include Home Growers of organic vegetable and fruit Growers (small farms, home garden growers, restaurants growers, farmer markets),
the Do-it Yourselfers (home flower and plant growers/ mass market and growers in the cannabis related market (Dispensaries, Cultivators,
Caregivers). 

Indoor growing techniques have
primarily been used to cultivate plant-based medicines. Plant-based medicines often require high-degree of regulation and controls
including government compliance, security, and crop consistency, making indoor growing techniques a preferred method. Cultivators
of plant-based medicines often make a significant investment to design and build-out their facilities. They look to work with companies
such as ours that understand their specific needs and can help mitigate risks that could jeopardize their crops. Plant-based medicines
are believed to be among the fastest-growing market in the U.S. and several industry pundits believe that plant-based medicines
may even displace prescription pain medication by providing patients with a safer, more affordable alternative. 

Competition   

All
of the Company s planned distribution channels will compete for customers and sales with many different companies and products
that are competitive today and likely to be even more competitive in the future. Accordingly, we believe it is essential that the
Company continues to develop, improve, and refine the value propositions that are offered to its customers. 

Competition
in the legal cannabis industry is significant, as competing companies continually open, and medical dispensaries search for a consistent
source for oil products. With regard to competition in the California, Colorado, Oregon and Washington markets, there are numerous
extraction facilities that we believe will compete with us for business. 

The
Company s size relative to its competition is difficult to gauge as most of our competition is privately held and does not
publicly report their earnings. We do know of several competitors who have been in operations longer than us, but they are privately
held and, therefore, we are unable to determine their size in terms of annual revenue. 

4 

We
also face competition from other public companies that offer equipment and expendables. Moreover, as the negative stigma associated
with some types of urban gardening such as legal cannabis plants diminishes, it is very possible that other better capitalized
public and private companies may enter the market and may effectively challenge the value proposition offered by the Pervasip subsidiaries.
These competitors may be able to attract customers more easily because of their financial resources. Our larger competitors can
also devote substantially more resources to business development and may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. We plan to compete
on the strength of multiple product offerings, controlled production and scientific analysis to ensure high-quality and consistency
in the products that we plan to offer. 

Government Regulation   

Twenty-seven states and
the District of Columbia currently have laws legalizing marijuana in some form. Seven states and the District of Columbia have
adopted more expansive laws legalizing marijuana for recreational use. Most recently, California, Massachusetts and Nevada all
passed measures in November 2016 legalizing recreational marijuana. California s Prop. 64 measure allows adults 21 and
older to now possess up to one ounce of marijuana and grow up to six plants in their homes. Other tax and licensing provisions
of the law will not take effect until January 2018. In Nevada, adults will be able to legally possess up to one ounce of marijuana
beginning January 1, 2017. A similar ballot measure in Massachusetts allows for possession of marijuana starting on December 15,
2016. 

A
number of states have also decriminalized the possession of small amounts of marijuana. Other states have passed medical marijuana
laws allowing for limited use of cannabis. Some medical marijuana laws are broader than others, with types of medical conditions
that allow for treatment varying from state to state. Others states have passed laws allowing residents to possess   cannabis
oil if they suffer from certain medical illnesses.  

The state laws are in conflict
with the federal Controlled Substances Act, which makes marijuana use and possession illegal on a national level. The Obama administration
stated that it is not an efficient use of resources to direct federal law enforcement agencies to prosecute those lawfully abiding
by state-designated laws allowing the use and distribution of medical marijuana, and the U.S. Congress concurred. However,
there is no guarantee that the Trump administration which comes to office in 2017 will not change federal policy regarding the
enforcement of the Controlled Substances Act. Any change to more strict enforcement of current federal laws could cause significant
financial damage to Pervasip and its shareholders. While Pervasip and its subsidiaries do not intend to harvest, distribute
or sell cannabis, more strict enforcement of federal law would be likely to reduce the demand for our products and services. 

Employees  

As of November 30, 2016 we
have 3 full-time employees.  We are not subject to any collective bargaining agreement and we believe our relationship
with our employees is good.  We plan to operate with a small number of employees until our revenues increase further
or until we are able to attract additional financing that has money earmarked for sales and marketing expense. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

You should carefully consider
the risks below, as well as all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our financial statements
and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in evaluating our company and our business. Any of
these risks could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the trading price
of our common stock. 

I. Risks Related To Our
Financial Condition   

Our business will not be viable unless we obtain
significant amounts of additional capital.  

At November 30, 2015 we had
$8,978 in cash and $7,183 in accounts receivable, balanced against $1,622,649 in accounts payable and many millions in debt. It
is unlikely that we can sustain current operations, and it is impossible that we can expand current operation, unless we obtain
additional capital. Because of our poor financial condition, it will be very difficult to obtain additional capital. If we fail
to do so, it is likely that our business will fail and our shareholders will lose most or all of their investment in our company. 

5 

Our negative net worth will
make it unlikely that we can obtain conventional financing for our business during the forseeable future.  

Conventional financing generally
consists of debt secured by assets or of equity financing. At the present time, we have secured debt outstanding in amounts that
far exceed the book value of our assets. We also have a shareholders  deficit that is approximately 19 times the book value
of our assets - which means that our company has no equity. For those reasons, we will not be able to obtain conventional financing
unless and until these conditions are substantially alleviated, which is unlikely to happen in the near future. Until then, the
only financing that will be available to us will involve the sale of securities convertible into common stock at floating rates,
so that our investors can liquidate their investment by selling into the market for our common stock. Our ability to obtain such
financing will depend on the continued liquidity of the market for our common stock. If the trading volume in the market for our
common stock diminishes, we may be unable to attract investors of any kind, in which case our business would be likely to fail
for want of capital resources. 

The $3,832,659 in debt that
we owe to our lenders will add high interest expenses to our statement of operations, which will make it difficult for us to report
profits.  

During the year ended November
30, 2015 we recorded $1,414,029 in interest expense, or 234% of our revenues in that period. During the year ended November 30,
2014, we recorded $1,838,375 in interest expense, or 374% of our revenues for the year. At November 30, 2015 we had $3,832,659
in debt on our balance sheet, before taking into consideration any debt discounts. That debt, until it is satisfied, will result
in interest expense in amounts that far exceed our current revenue level. This situation will make it difficult for us to realize
net income in the coming periods (except for net income that may occasionally result from changes in the value of our outstanding
derivative liabilities). And, in turn, our inability to report net income will make it difficult for us to obtain capital financing
that might replace the high interest debt on our balance sheet.       

The debt agreements
governing our financing contain restrictions that may limit our flexibility in operating our business  

 In October 2015 we entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement with TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP, which is the Selling Security Holder in this offering.
Under the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, we sold to TCA a secured convertible debenture in the principal amount of
$500,000. The Securities Purchase Agreement contains covenants that limit our ability to enter into specified types of transactions.
These covenants will prevent us from undertaking, without the consent of TCA, transactions of the following nature: 

merger or consolidation;    

grant of liens on our assets;    

sale or disposal of assets outside the ordinary course of business;    

consummation of acquisitions;    

investments; or    

payment of dividends or other distributions.    

These covenants may prevent us from taking
actions that we consider to be in the Company's best interests and in the interest of its shareholders, but that TCA does not perceive
to be in its own interest. In addition, we are in default of our lending agreement with TCA. 

  We   do 
 not   expect    to  
  pay    dividends 
  and    investors 
 should   not   buy 
 our    common  
 stock    expecting  
 to   receive   dividends.  

We 
  have     not  
 paid    any  dividends 
 on  our  common  stock  
  in     the 
past,  and  do    not 
anticipate that we  will    declare 
 or  pay  any dividends    in  
 the foreseeable    future.   Consequently, 
 investors   will  
  only  realize  an  
 economic   gain   on 
 their  investment    in 
  our  common  stock  
  if     the 
price  appreciates.   Investors  
  should   not  
  purchase   our  common 
 stock expecting   to receive cash   dividends.
 Because  we do  not  
  pay    dividends, and  there 
may  be   limited   trading, 
 investors  may  not   have 
any  manner  to  liquidate  or  receive 
any payment on  their   investment.   Therefore, 
 our   failure  to pay  dividends 
 may  cause investors to  not   see 
any return on  investment  even  if  we are
 successful  in  our  business operations.
In addition, because   we do  not   pay 
dividends we  may   have  trouble raising
additional  funds,   which  could  affect 
 our  ability to expand our  business  operations. 

6 

II.
Risks      Related  To  Our Business Operations   

We have
a limited operating history and operate in a new industry, and we may not succeed.    

We
have a limited operating history in our current line of business.  We are subject to all risks inherent in a developing
business enterprise.  Our likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties,
complications, and delays frequently encountered in the competitive and regulatory environment in which we operate. For example,
the recreational and medical marijuana industry is a new industry that as a whole may not succeed, particularly should the Federal
government change course and decide to prosecute those dealing in medical and recreational marijuana in violation of Federal law.  If
that happens, the market for our products and services would be likely to disappear.    

Since
we participate in a new industry, there are no established entities whose business model we can follow or build on the success
of.  Similarly, there is limited information about comparable companies available for potential investors to review in
making a decision about whether to invest in Pervasip. Further, as the medical and recreational marijuana industry is a new
market, it is ripe for technological advancements that could limit or eliminate the need for our services and products.   

You
should consider, among other factors, the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies that, like Pervasip, are in their early
stages.  For example, unanticipated expenses, problems, and technical difficulties may occur and they may result in material
delays in the operation of our business, in particular with respect to our services and products.  We may not successfully
address these risks and uncertainties or successfully implement our operating strategies.  If we fail to do so, it could
materially harm our business to the point of having to cease operations and could impair the value of our capital stock to the
point investors may lose their entire investment.   

The
long term success of our business will depend on our ability to develop new technologies for the cannabis industry.    

Pervasip
will only be successful as a vehicle for public investment if we are able to achieve a market position that generates substantial
profits. Our plan to achieve that market position is based on our ambition to develop technologies that will enhance the profitablity
of our clients in the cannabis industry. We are active in developing those technologies; but the success of our development efforts
is by no means assured. Moreover, any new products or services that we develop and offer to the industry may be subject to significant
competition from offerings by new and existing competitors in the legal cannabis industry. In addition, new products, services
and enhancements may pose a variety of technical challenges and require us to attract additional qualified employees. The failure
to successfully develop and market these new products, services or enhancements could prevent Pervasip from becoming profitable.

Our
computer systems and operations may be vulnerable to security breaches.   

We
expect that the cloud-based monitoring systems offered by our subsidiary, Canalytix, to the cannabis industry will be an important
foundation for establishing our company as a leading source of technology for that industry. For that reason, among others, the
safety of our network and our secure transmission of confidential information over the Internet will be essential to our operations
and our services. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our network and the consumer information
stored on our network, our network and our computer infrastructure are potentially vulnerable to physical breaches or to the introduction
of computer viruses, abuse of use and similar disruptive problems and security breaches that could cause loss (both economic and
otherwise), interruptions, delays or loss of services to our users. We rely on licensed encryption and authentication technology
to effect secure transmission of confidential information, including credit card numbers. It is possible, however, that advances
in computer capabilities or new technologies could result in a compromise or breach of the technology we use to protect user transaction
data. A party that is able to circumvent our security systems could misappropriate proprietary information, cause interruptions
in our operations or utilize our network without authorization. Security breaches also could damage our reputation and expose us
to a risk of loss, litigation and possible liability. While we have experienced isolated instances of unauthorized use of our network,
and have responded to such events by taking steps to increase our network security, we cannot guarantee you that our security measures
will prevent future security breaches.  

7 

Third
parties might infringe upon our technology.   

We
cannot assure you that the steps we have taken to protect our property rights will prevent misappropriation of our technology.
To protect our rights to our intellectual property, we rely on a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality agreements and other
contractual arrangements with our employees, affiliates, strategic partners and others. However, we may be unable to detect inappropriate
use of our technology. Moreover, in the event of misappropriation, we may lack the financial resources necessary to successfully
prosecute an enforcement action. Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property could materially harm our brand, devalue
our proprietary content and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Further, defending our technology rights could
result in significant financial expenses and managerial resources.  

Third
parties may claim that our services infringe upon their intellectual property rights.   

Third
parties may assert claims that we have violated a patent or infringed a copyright, trademark or other proprietary right belonging
to them and subject us to expensive and disruptive litigation. We incorporate licensed technology in some of our products
and services. In these license agreements, the licensors have agreed to indemnify us with respect to any claim by a third party
that the licensed software infringes any patent or other proprietary right so long as we have not made changes to the licensed
software. We cannot assure you that these provisions will be adequate to protect us from infringement claims. Any infringement
claims and lawsuits, even if not meritorious, could be expensive and time consuming to defend; divert management s attention
and resources; require us to redesign our products and services, if feasible; require us to pay royalties or enter into licensing
agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies; and/or may materially disrupt the conduct of our business.  

We may face difficulties
related to entry into joint ventures or the future acquisition or integration of additional businesses, which could harm our growth
or operating results  

 Because we have entered into
an industry that is rapidly developing, it is crucual to our future success that we keep pace with the growth. Toward that end,
we will be aggressively pursuing opportunities to enter into joint venture arrangements with other industry participants or to
acquire additional businesses or assets. Any such events will require substantial management time and resources, which may distract
from our core operations to their detriment. In addition, acquisitions of existing businesses involve substantial risks, including
the risk that we may not be able to integrate the operations, personnel, services, or technologies, the potential disruption of
our ongoing businesses, the diversion of management attention, the maximization of financial and strategic opportunities, the difficulty
in developing or maintaining controls and procedures, and the dilution to our existing stockholders from the issuance of additional
shares of common stock. As a result of these and other risks, we may not produce anticipated revenue, profitability, or synergies. 

Because of our limited financial
resources, acquisitions will likely require us to issue equity securities. Such transactions often result in significant expenses,
such as the amortization of intangibles, write-down of goodwill, and write-off of acquisition-related expenses. If we are unable
to successfully integrate any acquired businesses or assets we may not receive the intended benefits of such acquisition. In addition,
we cannot predict market reactions to any acquisitions we may make. 

While we conduct due diligence
in connection with acquisition and joint venture opportunities, there will be a risk that such due diligence efforts fail to discover
undisclosed liabilities or that we inadequately assess known liabilities. The discovery of material liabilities associated with
acquisitions or joint venture opportunities, economic risks faced by joint venture partners, or any failure of joint venture partners
to perform their obligations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

If we are
able to expand our operations, we may be unable to successfully manage our future growth .   

Even
if we are successful in expanding our operations in the United States, as planned, we may experience periods of rapid growth, which
will require additional resources.  Any such growth could place increased strain on our management, operational, financial
and other resources, and we will need to train, motivate, and manage employees, as well as attract management, sales, finance and
accounting, international, technical, and other professionals.  In addition, we will need to expand the scope of our
infrastructure and our physical resources. Any failure to expand these areas and implement appropriate procedures and controls
in an efficient manner and at a pace consistent with our business objectives could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations.  

8 

III. Risks Relating To
Our Industry   

Our
success will be dependent on additional states legalizing medical and recreational marijuana.   

Continued
development of the medical and recreational marijuana market is dependent upon continued legislative authorization of marijuana
at the state level. Any number of factors could slow or halt the progress. Further, progress is not assured and the process
can be expected to encounter set-backs. Even in states where there is public support for a legislative proposal, key support
must be created in the relevant legislative committee or a bill may never advance to a vote.  Numerous factors can interfere
with success in the legislative process. Any one of these factors could slow or halt the progress and adoption of marijuana
for recreational and medical purposes, which would limit the market for our products and negatively impact our business and revenues.  

Marijuana
remains illegal under federal law. Even in those jurisdictions in which the use of medical marijuana has been legalized at the
state level, its use and prescription are violations of federal law, which may disrupt the on going business of Pervasip.   

Possession
and distribution of marijuana remain illegal under federal law.  Marijuana is a schedule-I controlled substance.  Even
in those jurisdictions in which the use of medical and recreational marijuana have been legalized at the state level, its possession,
prescription or distributions remains a violation of federal law.  The United States Supreme Court has ruled in  United
States v. Oakland Cannabis Buyers  Coop.  and  Gonzales v. Raich  that the federal government has the right to regulate
and criminalize cannabis, even for medical and recreational purposes, notwithstanding state or local de-regulation.  Therefore,
federal law criminalizing the use of marijuana trumps state laws that legalize its use for medicinal purposes.  At present,
certain states are decriminalizing possession of marijuana, either for medical use or in general. This may be because the Obama
administration made a policy decision to allow states to implement these laws and not prosecute anyone operating in accordance
with applicable state law.  However, we faced another presidential election cycle in 2016, and a new administration could
introduce a less favorable policy.  A change in the federal attitude towards enforcement could cripple the industry.
The legal cannabis industry is our target market, and if this industry is unable to operate, we would lose the majority of our
potential clients, which would have a negative impact on our business, operations and financial condition.   

Our subsidiaries
may have difficulty accessing the service of banks, which may make it difficult to conduct our business operations.    

As
discussed above, the distribution of marijuana is illegal under federal law.  Therefore, there is a compelling argument
that banks cannot accept for deposit funds from the legal cannabis industry, and therefore cannot do business with the Company.  While
efforts are underway in the U.S. Congress to amend banking regulations and laws in order to allow banks to transact business with
state-authorized medical and recreational marijuana businesses, there can be no assurance these legislative efforts will be successful,
that banks will agree to do business with medical marijuana and recreational marijuana industry participants, or that in the absence
of legislation state and federal banking regulators will not strictly enforce current prohibitions on banks handling funds generated
from an activity that is illegal under federal law.  If we are unable to open accounts and otherwise use the service
of banks, the result could be a material adverse effect on our business operations.  

Pervasip may  be 
unable to respond  to  the rapid technological change  in 
 its  industry, and such change may increase costs and competition  that 
may  adversely   affect  
our  business.  

Rapidly changing technologies, 
  frequent  new product and  service  
 introductions and   evolving industry standards 
 characterize  the  Company s  market. 
The  continued  growth of  the   Internet 
 and   intense  competition in the  Company s 
industry exacerbate  these   market  characteristics.
The Company s  future  success  will 
depend on its ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies by continually improving the performance  features 
and reliability of its products and services. The Company may experience  difficulties 
that could delay or  prevent   the   successful 
 development,  introduction or  marketing 
of its products  and   services.  In 
 addition, any new enhancements  must   meet 
 the  requirements of its  current   and 
prospective  users   and  must achieve  significant 
 market  acceptance. The Company  could 
also  incur   substantial  costs if it  needs 
to  modify  its products  and   services 
or  infrastructures  to adapt to  these 
 changes.  

9 

The Company also expects that
new competitors may introduce products,  systems  or services  that 
are directly or indirectly competitive  with  the  Company. 
These competitors  may   succeed  in developing,
products,  systems  and  services  that  have 
 greater  functionality or are less costly than the Company s products,  systems 
 and   services,  and may be  more
successful  in  marketing such  products, systems  and 
 services.  Technological  changes   have 
lowered the cost of operating  communications  and computer  systems 
 and   purchasing   software. 
These  changes   reduce  the  Company s 
cost of providing  services  but also  facilitate 
increased competition by reducing competitors  costs in  providing  similar  services. 
This competition  could   increase  price
 competition  and  reduce   anticipated 
profit  margins.  

The cannabis
industry is highly competitive and we have less capital and resources than many of our competitors, which may give them an advantage
in developing and marketing products similar to ours or make our products obsolete .   

We
are involved in a highly competitive industry where we will compete with numerous other companies that offer alternative methods
or approaches, that may have far greater resources, more experience, and personnel perhaps more qualified than we do. Such resources
may give our competitors an advantage in developing and marketing products similar to ours or products that make our products obsolete.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete against these other entities.  

IV. Risks Related To Our
Management   

Our
Series E preferred shareholder has voting control of our company and has the ability to exercise control over all matters submitted
to a stockholder vote.   

Our
Chief Executive Officer, Paul Riss, currently owns 10 shares of our Series E Preferred Stock, which gives him 51% of the voting
power at any meeting of our shareholders or if shareholder consents are collected. He is therefore able to control the outcome
of any matter submitted to the shareholders for approval, which would include the election of directors, recapitalizations, mergers
or other significant corporate transactions.  

   TCA
may obtain voting control of the Company and exercise it for its own purposes.   

  In
October 2015 the Company sold a $500,000 promissory note to TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP. The Note matures in April 2017 and
bears interest at 18% per annum. In connection with the sale of the Note, the Company issued to TCA Series J Preferred Stock. The
certificate that created the Series J Preferred Stock provides that, if the Company incurs a default under the terms of the Note,
TCA may declare its rights as a holder of Series J Preferred Stock effective. Those rights include the right to exercise voting
control of the Company. The Company has defaulted under the Note, and accordingly, TCA could take control of the Company. It is
possible that TCA would use that control to protect its investment in the Company in ways that may not be in the best interests
of the other shareholders of the Company.  

   Because
we are not subject to compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures, our shareholders have
limited protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters.   

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq
Stock Market as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley, require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These
measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets and apply to securities which
are listed on the New York Stock Exchanges or the Nasdaq Stock Market. Because we are not presently required to comply with many
of the corporate governance provisions and because we chose to avoid incurring the substantial additional costs associated with
such compliance any sooner than necessary, we have not yet adopted these measures.  

Because
none of our directors is independent, we do not currently have independent audit or compensation committees. This situation means
that the Board will determine the direction of our company with only limited contribution of insights from outside observers with
an objective perspective. This may limit the quality of the decisions that are made. In addition, the members of our board who
are also officers have the ability, among other things, to determine their own levels of compensation. Until we comply with such
corporate governance measures, regardless of whether such compliance is required, the absence of such standards of corporate governance
may leave our shareholders without protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters
and investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations.   

10  

We depend
upon key personnel, the loss of which could seriously harm our business .   

Our
operating performance is substantially dependent on the continued services of our executive officers and key employees. In particular,
Dr. Kenneth Hughes, our Chief Science Officer, possesses valuable knowledge about and experience in extraction technologies and
patent applications. We have not entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Hughes and, although we are considering doing
so, have not acquired key-person life insurance on him or any of our executive officers.  The unexpected loss of the
services of Dr.Hughes could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition and operating results,
as well as the value of our common stock.  

The 
C  ompany s     failure 
to  a  ttract,   train, 
 or   retain   highly 
 qualified   personnel   could 
 harm  the  Company s   business.   

The  Company s 
 success    also depends 
 on the Company s ability to attract,  train,  and retain 
 qualified personnel, specifically those    with 
 management   and  
 product    development   skills. 
In particular,    the  
 Company  must   hire  additional  skilled 
personnel   to  further  the Company s
research and development  efforts.  Competition  for 
 such   personnel  is intense. If  the 
Company does  not   succeed  in attracting
new personnel or retaining and  motivating   the 
Company s    current  personnel, 
  the  Company s   business  could 
be  harmed.  

If   
 we     fail 
to establish  and  maintain an   effective 
 system    of  internal controls, we
may   not  be  able to 
 report   our   financial 
 results   accurately or to   prevent
fraud.    Any  
  inability     to 
report   and   file our 
 financial   results   accurately 
 and   timely  could  harm our reputation
 and  adversely impact the trading price of our  common 
stock.  

Effective 
 internal  controls are necessary  for   us 
to provide  reliable   financial  reports
 and   prevent   fraud. 
If we  cannot  provide reliable    financial  
 reports or    prevent   fraud, 
we will  not    be able 
 to  manage     our 
business   as   effectively as we  would 
if an  effective  control  environment  existed,
 and   our   business 
and  reputation   with   investors 
may be  harmed.  As   a  result, 
 our   small   size 
 and  any  current   internal 
control  deficiencies  may adversely affect  our 
 financial   condition,   results 
of operation  and   access  to capital. 

We  currently 
 have  insufficient   written policies 
and  procedures  for  accounting  and 
financial reporting  with  respect   to  the 
 requirements   and  application of US GAAP
 and  SEC disclosure  requirements.   Additionally, 
there is a lack of  formal    process  and 
 timeline   for  
 closing  the    books 
 and records at    the  
  end  of each reporting period. Such weaknesses restrict  the 
Company s ability to  timely   gather, 
 analyze   and  report  information 
 relative  to  the   financial 
 statements.  

Because 
of  the  Company s limited  resources, 
 there  are  limited  controls  over 
information  processing.  There is  inadequate 
segregation    of  
 duties   consistent  with  
 control objectives. Our Company s  management  is composed  of 
a  small   number  of  individuals 
resulting in a  situation   where   limitations 
 on  segregation  of  duties exist. In order
to remedy this situation we would  need  to  hire 
additional  staff.   Currently,  the Company
 is   unable  to  hire 
additional  staff  to facilitate  greater 
 segregation   of   duties 
but  will  continue to reassess its capabilities as it gains access to additional capital .  

V. Risks Related To Ownership
Of Our Common Stock   

The market price of our common stock has been
and will continue to be adversely affected by our outstanding convertible debentures.  

Several
third-party investors currently hold convertible debentures issued by the Company that allow them to convert principal and interest
into shares of our common stock at conversion prices that approximate a 30% to 60% discount to the trading price of our common
stock. At November 30, 2015, the balance of the convertible debentures outstanding payable to such convertible debenture holders
amounted to $3,470,211. If those debentures were converted in full, the shares that would be issued would far exceed the number
of shares of our common stock currently outstanding. When those debentures are converted, the shares that are issued are usually
immediately sold by the debenture holders into the public market. These sales, and the anticipation of such sales in the future,
exerts a downward pressure on our stock price. When a lender converts the debt into shares of our common stock and resells those
shares into the market, the result is often a reduction in the market price of our common stock. Until we are able to replace the
convertible debentures with debt or equity financing that does not exert a continuing pressure on the market price of our common
stock, the market price will continue to be volatile, and investors in our stock will bear a significant risk of reductions in
the market value of our common stock.  

11 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Market, which may increase the volatility of our stock and make it harder to sell shares
of our stock.   

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Market, which is the lower tier of the markets maintained by OTC Markets.   There
is a greater chance of market volatility for securities that trade on the OTC Pink (as opposed to a national exchange or quotation
system), as a result of which stockholders may experience wide fluctuations and a depressed price in the market price of our securities.
Thus, stockholders may be required to either sell our securities at a market price which is lower than their purchase price or
to hold our securities for a longer period of time than they planned.  Because our common stock falls under the definition
of  penny stock,  trading in our common stock may be limited because broker-dealers are required to provide their customers
with disclosure documents prior to allowing them to participate in transactions involving our common stock. These rules impose
additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell low-priced securities to persons other than established customers
and institutional accredited investors; and require the delivery of a disclosure schedule explaining the nature and risks of the
penny stock market. As a result, the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to sell or make a market in our common stock may
be limited, and stockholders could find it more difficult to sell their stock.  

There is limited trading
of our common stock,  and    there 
 can   be   no 
 assurance    that  
  there    will be 
  an  active   market 
  for  our shares  of  common 
  stock    either 
 now    or  
  in  the future.  

Our shares of common stock
have limited trading, and the price if traded may not reflect the value of our Company. There can be no assurance that there will
be an active market for shares of our common stock either now or in the future. The market liquidity will be dependent on the perception
of our operating business and any steps that our management might take to bring us to the awareness of investors. There can be
no assurance given that there will be any awareness generated. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investment
or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business. If a more active market should develop, the price may be highly
volatile. Because there may be a low price for our shares of common stock or because we are involved in the legal cannabis industry,
many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in the securities. Even if an investor finds a broker willing to
effect a transaction in the shares of our common stock, the combination of brokerage commissions, transfer fees, taxes, if any,
and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Further, many lending institutions will not permit the use of such shares
of common stock as collateral for any loans. 

You may experience  dilution 
of your ownership interest because  of  the future issuance  of 
additional   shares   of our common stock and
our preferred stock.  

In the 
  future,  we  may   issue  
  our  authorized    but  
 previously  unissued    equity securities,
resulting  in  the   dilution  of 
the  ownership    interests of our 
  present   stockholders.  We are currently
authorized to issue    an   aggregate 
 of  9,000,000,000  shares   of 
capital  stock  consisting  of  8,978,999,990
 shares    of 
 common  stock,    par  value 
$0.00001 per share  and  21,000,010  shares  of
blank check preferred  stock,  par  value 
$0.00001 per share. 

We  may
 also    issue  
 additional  shares  of   our 
 common stock    or   other  
 securities that   are   convertible
 into    or 
 exercisable  for  common stock  in 
connection  with  hiring   or retaining 
 employees   or  consultants,   future  
  acquisitions,   future  sales of
 our  securities  for  capital raising purposes,
or  for   other   business 
purposes. The  future   issuance   of 
any  such  additional shares of   our 
 common  stock  or    other 
 securities    may create 
 downward  pressure    on 
the    trading   price of 
  our  common  stock.  There 
 can be  no   assurance  
 that   we  will   not  
 be    required  to 
  issue    additional 
  shares,   warrants  
 or    other   convertible 
securities  in   the   future  
 in conjunction  with     hiring 
or  retaining  employees or  consultants,  
  future   acquisitions,  
  future  sales  of  our securities
 for  capital   raising purposes or  for 
 other    business 
 purposes, including   at a price (or exercise prices) below the price at  which 
shares of  our  common  stock  are  trading.   

Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments.  

Not applicable. 

12 

Item 2.  Properties.  

The following table sets forth pertinent facts concerning our office
leases as of March 15, 2016 

The lease for our office
space in White Plains, NY is $725 per month and is renewable annually.   We maintain one employee at this location.
In addition to office space we rent a server room and storage space at this facility. 

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.  

We are currently not involved
in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There
is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory
organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened
against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our company s or our company s subsidiaries 
officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

13 

PART II  

Item 5.  Market for Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  

(a) Market Information  

Our common stock is currently
quoted on the OTC Pink marketplace under the symbol PVSP.  Until May 1, 2014, it was listed for quotation on the OTCQB.
The high and low quoted closing price for each quarterly period of our last two fiscal years are listed below: 

The following table sets
forth the high and low trade information for our common stock for each quarter during the past two fiscal years.  The
prices reflect inter-dealer quotations, do not include retail mark-ups, markdowns or commissions and do not necessarily reflect
actual transactions. 

Recent Issuances of Unregistered Securities  

None 

(b) Holders  

As of November 30, 2015 a total of 3,652,005,709
shares of the Company s common stock were outstanding, held by 363 shareholders of record. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar  

The transfer agent and registrar for our common
stock is Worldwide Stock Transfer, LLC with its business address at One University Plaza, Suite 505, Hackensack, NJ 07601. 

(c) Dividends  

We have not declared or paid any dividends on
our common stock and intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. Therefore, we do
not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Our secured term loans with our primary lender
prohibit us from paying dividends to stockholders. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans  

The following table provides
information as of November 30, 2015, with respect to shares of our common stock that are issuable under equity compensation plans. 

14 

___________________________ 

(1)   
     Our Restricted Stock Plan provides for the issuance of restricted share grants to officers and non-officer employees.  

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data.  

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide information under this item. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF OUR PLAN OF OPERATION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELATED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT. THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT RELATE TO FUTURE EVENTS OR OUR
FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE.  THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES AND OTHER FACTORS THAT
MAY CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS, LEVELS OF ACTIVITY, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS,
LEVELS OF ACTIVITY, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. 

Overview  

The financial statements for the
year ended November 30, 2015 include the accounts of Pervasip Corp. and the activities of its various wholly-owned subsidiaries,
its 90% owned subsidiary, Canalytix LLC (Canalytix), and its 60% owned subsidiary, Grow Big Supply LLC ( Grow Big Supply ).
The results of the operations of the Company include Canalytix since March 25, 2015, and Grow Big since July 6, 2015, the dates
on which Pervasip acquired its ownership interest in those subsidiaries. Any significant inter-company balances and transactions
have been eliminated. 

To the extent that the financial
statements included in this report reflect operations occurring prior to the dates on which we acquired Canalytix and Grow Big
Supply, those are the operations of the Company's telecommunications business. The telecommunications business was terminated on
May 31, 2015 

15 

Results of Operations  

Our revenues for fiscal 2015 increased by $113,634,
or 23%, to $604,953 as compared to $491,319 reported for fiscal 2014.  The increase in revenues was due to the sale of
the bulk of our telecommunications business on September 30, 2014, after ten months of operations, compared to 5 months of operations
of our hydroponics business, which we acquired in July 2015. We discontinued our hydroponics business in fiscal 2016 and anticipate
that we will become a scientific analyis agricultural-products company in fiscal 2017. 

Our gross profit for fiscal 2015 decreased
by $56,544 to $147,747 from a gross profit of $204,291 reported in fiscal 2013, and our gross profit percentage was 24% in fiscal
2014 as compared to 42% in fiscal 2014.  Our telecominications business regularly ran on gross margins in excess of 40%.
However, in 2015, our hydroponics store faced significant retail competition and kept its prices low to attract customers, which
resulted in a gross margin of 24%. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses
decreased by $281,761, or 27%, to $773,106 for fiscal 2015 from $1,054,867 reported in the prior year fiscal period.  The
decrease is attributable to lower overhead costs in 2015, when we had full operations for a ten-month period, compared to a five-month
period in fiscal 2015. 

As a result of the reduction in our selling,
general and administrative expenses, our loss from operations for fiscal year 2015 was $225,217 less than our loss from operations
in fiscal 2014. Additionally, we reported non-operating income of $902,685 in fiscal 2015, and increase of $510,907 from $391,778
in fiscal 2014. These changes are: 

Interest expense decreased by $424,346 to $1,414,029
for the year ended November 30, 2015 as compared to $1,838,375 for the prior fiscal year.  The decrease in interest expense
was primarily due lower debt levels in fiscal 2015. 

There were no debt settlement agreements in
fiscal 2014, as compared to troubled debt restructuring gain in fiscal 2015 of $3,868,321 The gains in fiscal 2015 were the result
of one-time transactions negotiated with two lenders.   

For the year ended November 30, 2015, we we
recorded a gain on the sale of a Canadian subsidiary of $2,571. For the year ended November 30, 2014, we recorded a gain on the
sale of a telecommunications subsidiary of $640,621. 

For the year ended November 30, 2015, we recorded
impairment expense of $1,393,690 to write-off intangible assets and $220,000 to recognize impairment of an other than temporary
decline in the value of an investment. No impairment expenses were recognized in fiscal 2014. 

For the year ended November 30, 2015, we recorded
a gain on the settlement of liabilities of $2,328,876 as compared to a gain of $213,961 in the prior fiscal period. Each instance
of a liability settlement is contingent upon the terms that we can negotiate for a particular transaction. 

For the year ended November 30, 2015, we recorded
the amortization of deferred financing costs of $5,305 as compared to $83,714 in the prior fiscal period. Each financing and the
costs related to a financing, are contingent upon the terms that we can negotiate for a particular transaction. 

For the year ended November 30, 2015, we had
a non-cash gain on derivative liabilities of $2,264,449, as compared to a loss of $1,337,886 in fiscal 2014. The gain in 2015 is
due to the lower market value of embedded derivatives in our debt instruments, at the end of the fiscal year, in comparison with
the market value when the debt originated. 

For the year ended November 30, 2015, we owned
90 percent of a subsidiary and 60% of another subsidiary. The aggregate losses of these subsidiaries that was attributable to the
noncontrolling owners amounted to $208,396. No such loss was attributable to others in fiscal 2014 because in 2014 we owned 100%
of all our subsidiaries. 

Our net result for the year fiscal 2015 was
net income of $277,326 as compared to a net loss of $458,798 recorded in fiscal 2014. Over the past two fiscal years our net results
were impacted by 1) the gain we realized when creditors wrote down our debt, 2) an unrealized gain on the change in market value
of derivative liabilities and 3) the sale of a subsidiary. 

16 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

At November 30, 2015, we had cash and cash
equivalents of $8,978 and negative working capital of $8,711,742 as compared to cash and cash equivalents of $1,832 and negative
working capital of $9,407,911 at November 30, 2014. 

Net cash used in operating activities aggregated
$591,596 and $265,005 in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  In fiscal 2015 our operations consumed cash, despite our
net income recorded for the year, because net income was the result of gains realized on restructuring of debt of $3,868,321 and
a gain on the settlement of liabilities of $2,328,876. These non-cash income items were offset by non-cash impairment expenses
of $1,613,690 and an increase in the fair market value of derivative liabilities of $2,264,449 in fiscal 2015. Similarly, in fiscal
2014, we reported a gain on the change in value of derivative liabilities of $1,337,886 that was partially offset by the amortization
of debt discount of $1,199,625. 

We financed the cash used in operating activities
by obtaining net cash provided by financing activities: $642,727 and $249,595 in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The
source of cash from financing activities in fiscal 2015 were net proceeds from short-term borrowings of $768,010.  Uses
of cash consisted of payments of debt of $125,283.   The source of cash from financing activities in fiscal 2014
were net proceeds from short-term borrowings of $417,575.  Uses of cash consisted of payments of debt of $167,980.   

In fiscal 2015 cash flows used in investing
activities amounted to $43,985, as a result of the purchase of two subsidiaries and an increase in restricted cash. In fiscal 2015
and 2014, there were no expenditures for capital assets. 

     The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, which contemplate
continuation of our company as a going concern.  However, we have sustained net losses from operations during the last
several years, and we have very limited liquidity.  Our operating losses have been funded through the issuance of equity
securities and borrowings. Management anticipates that we will be dependent, for the near future, on our ability to obtain additional
capital to fund our operating expenses and anticipated growth. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm
expresses doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  Our operating losses have been funded through the
issuance of equity securities and borrowings.  

Although we have improved our balance sheet
with transactions to settle our debt, we continue to have liabilities in excess of our assets.  We are working to settle
our remaining liabilities and to raise cash to support our operating loss, and we continually consider a variety of possible sources.  We
are in default of our senior debt and our subordinated debt. In the current economic environment, the procurement of outside funding
is extremely difficult and there can be no assurance that such financing will be available, or, if available, that such financing
will be at a price that will be acceptable to us.  If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues or raise additional
capital, our operations will terminate. 

New Accounting Standards  

The new accounting pronouncements in Note 1
to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in this Report, are incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition or results
of operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Use of Estimates   

In preparing financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  The most significant estimates relate
to the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable, income tax valuation allowance, and the derivative liabilities.  On
a continual basis, management reviews its estimates, utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances,
historical experience and reasonable assumptions.  After such reviews, and if deemed appropriate, those estimates are
adjusted accordingly.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

17 

Revenue Recognition   

Revenue on product
sales is recognized upon delivery or shipment. Customer deposits/layaway sales are not reported as income unit final payment is
received and the merchandise is delivered.   Revenues from voice, data and other applications
and services are recognized in the period in which subscribers use the related services.  Services billed in advanced,
such as line fees, bundled monthly plans or prepaid calling cards, are deferred until they are earned. Services billed in arrears,
such as international usage and wholesale usage, are accrued for in the month the usage occurred. Equipment sales are recognized
when the equipment is shipped.   

Costs of Goods Sold   

Costs of goods sold is the cost of the merchandise
that was sold to customers. Costs of goods sold are measured on the average cost method. Products are supplies to the hydroponic
and gardening industry, including medium (i.e., farming soil), industry-leading hydroponic equipment, power-efficient lighting,
plant nutrients, and thousands of additional products used by professional growers and specialty cultivation operations. 

Share-based Payments   

The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes option
pricing model to estimate the fair value of employee stock option awards at the date of grant, which requires the input of highly
subjective assumptions, including expected volatility and expected life. Changes in these inputs and assumptions can materially
affect the measure of estimated fair value of share-based compensation. These assumptions are subjective and generally require
significant analysis and judgment to develop. When estimating fair value, some of the assumptions will be based on, or determined
from, external data and other assumptions may be derived from historical experience with stock-based payment arrangements. The
appropriate weight to place on historical experience is a matter of judgment, based on relevant facts and circumstances. 

The Company estimates volatility by considering
the historical stock volatility. The Company has opted to use the simplified method for estimating expected term, which is generally
equal to the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual term. 

Derivatives   

The Company evaluates and accounts for
conversion options embedded in convertible instruments in accordance with ASC 815  Derivatives and Hedging Activities . 

Accounting standards require companies
to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them as free standing derivative financial instruments
according to certain criteria. The Company accounts for convertible instruments (when we have determined that the embedded conversion
options should not be bifurcated from their host instruments) as follows: We record when necessary, discounts to convertible notes
for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in debt instruments based upon the differences between the fair value of
the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note.
Debt discounts under these arrangements are amortized over the term of the related debt to their stated date of redemption. 

The Company accounts for the conversion
of the underlying derivative of a convertible debt instrument as a gain or loss. The decrease in debt that results from a debt
conversion is calculated and compared to the then-current fair value of shares issued with any difference recorded as a gain or
loss. 

18 

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes under
the asset and liability method.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax
rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  The
ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income and the reversal of deferred
tax liabilities during the period in which related temporary differences become deductible.  A valuation allowance has
been established to eliminate the Company s deferred tax assets as it is more likely than not that any of the deferred tax
assets will be realized. 

The Company recognizes the tax benefit from
an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing
authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements
from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized
upon settlement with the tax authorities.  Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which
the change in judgment occurs.  The Company records interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense
and penalties in income tax expense.  The Company has determined that it had no significant uncertain tax positions requiring
recognition or disclosure. 

We continually evaluate our accounting policies
and the estimates we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements. In general, the estimates are based on historical experience,
on information from third party professionals and on various other sources and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under
the facts and circumstances at the time such estimates are made.  Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical
if: 

it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made; and  

changes in the estimate, or the use of different estimating methods, could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.  

Actual results could differ
from those estimates. Significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements, which are
included in this Report.  In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated
by GAAP.  There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any available alternative would not
produce a materially different result. 

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk.  

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide information under this item. 

Item 8.  Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data.  

Our Consolidated Financial
Statements required by this Item are included herein, commencing on page F-1. 

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  

Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.  

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

The Company s management, with the participation
of the Chief Executive Officer / Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in SEC Rule 13a-15(e)) as of November 30, 2015. That evaluation revealed the three material weaknesses
identified below (under  (b) Management s Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting ).  Based on
that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer / Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of November 30, 2015,
such controls and procedures were not effective. 

19 

(b) Management s Assessment of Internal
Control over Financial Reporting  

Management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f).  A
system of internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. 

Under the supervision and with the
participation of management, including the PEO, the Company s management has evaluated the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2015 based on the criteria established in a report entitled  Internal
Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992)  and
the interpretive guidance issued by the Commission in Release No. 34-55929.  Based on this evaluation, the Company s
management has evaluated and concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of
November 30, 2015, and identified the following material weaknesses: 

There is a lack of accounting personnel with the requisite knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the US ( GAAP ) and the financial reporting requirements of the SEC;  

There are insufficient written policies and procedures to insure the correct application of accounting and financial reporting with respect to the current requirements of GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and  

There is a lack of segregation of duties, in that we only had one person performing all accounting-related duties.  

The Company will continue its assessment on
a quarterly basis.  We plan to hire personnel and resources to address these material weaknesses.  We believe
these issues can be solved with hiring in-house accounting support and plan to do so as soon as we have funds available for this
purpose. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.  The
Company s registered public accounting firm was not required to issue an attestation on its internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to the rules of the SEC.  The Company will continue to evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls
and procedures on an on-going basis. 

(c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There have been no changes in our internal
controls over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act) during
the quarter ended November 30, 2015 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B.  Other Information.  

On March 19, 2015 the Company filed Articles
of Amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation. The Amendment designated 800,000 shares of Series H preferred stock from the
Company s previously authorized preferred stock with a par value per share of $0.00001. Shares of Series H Preferred Stock
have conversion rights into shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock to which a holder of Series H Preferred
Stock shall be entitled upon a Conversion shall equal the product obtained by (a) multiplying the number of fully-diluted Common
Shares by four (4), then (b) multiplying the result by a fraction, the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Series
H Preferred Stock being converted and the denominator of which will be the number of authorized shares of Series H Preferred Stock. 

One September 24, 2015, the Company filed an
Amendment to its certificate of incorporation to designate 55,000 shares of preferred stock as Series I Preferred Stock (the  Series
I Preferred ). Each share of Series I Preferred has a stated value equal to ten dollars ($10.00) (the  Stated Value ).
The relative rights, preferences and limitations of the Series I Preferred Stock shall be as follows: 

20 

Each share of Series I Preferred Stock shall
entitle the holder thereof, on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Company, to that number of votes as shall
be equal to the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder's shares of Series I Preferred Stock are convertible
on the record date for the stockholder action without taking into account potential conversions of any other convertible securities
issued by the Company. 

The Company s
Board of Directors shall not declare a dividend payable to holders of any class of stock other than Series I Preferred Stock until
the Company shall have declared and paid dividends to the holders of Series I Preferred Stock   equal
in aggregate to the Stated Value of the   outstanding shares of Series I Preferred Stock.  

Upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding
up of the Company, the holders of the Series I Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive in cash out of the net assets of the
Company, whether from capital or from earnings available for distribution to its stockholders, before any amount shall be paid
to the holders of common stock or to the holders of any other class or series of equity stock, an amount equal to (a) the Stated
Value of the outstanding shares of Series I Preferred Stock on the record date for the distribution less (b) the amount of any
dividends previously paid to the holders of the Series I Preferred Stock. 

The number of shares of Common Stock to which
a holder of Series I Preferred Stock shall be entitled upon a conversion shall equal the quotient  determined
by dividing (x) the Stated Value of the shares of Series I Preferred Stock recited in the conversion notice by (y) the conversion
price. The conversion price is one hundred percent (100%) of the average of the five (5) lowest closing bid prices for the
Common Stock during the ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the conversion date or other date of determination,
as quoted by Bloomberg, LP  

The Company shall not effect any conversions
of the Series I Preferred Stock and the holder shall not have the right to convert any shares of Series I Preferred Stock to the
extent that after giving effect to such conversion, the holder, together with any affiliate thereof, would beneficially own (as
determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules promulgated thereunder) in excess
of 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. 

One October 14, 2015, the Company filed an
Amendment to its certificate of incorporation to designate 51 shares of preferred stock as Series J Preferred Stock (the  Series
J Preferred ). Each share of Series J Preferred has a stated value equal to $0.00001. The relative rights, preferences and
limitations of the Series J Preferred Stock shall be as follows: 

There are no Liquidation Rights associated
with the Series J Preferred Stock. No conversion of the Series J Preferred Stock is permitted. 

All shares of the Series J Preferred Stock
shall rank (i) senior to the Company s common stock, par value $0.00001 per share ( Common Stock ), and any other
class or series of capital stock of the Company hereafter created, except as otherwise provided in clauses (ii) and (iii) of this
Article V, (ii)  pari passu  with any class or series of capital stock of the Company hereafter created and specifically ranking,
by its terms, on par with the Series J Preferred Stock and (iii) junior to any class or series of capital stock of the Company
hereafter created specifically ranking, by its terms, senior to the Series J Preferred Stock, in each case as to distribution of
assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary. 

Upon the Company s receipt of notice
of a default or an event of default under or pursuant to any document or agreement executed by the Company and TCA Global Credit
Master Fund, LP ( TCA ), each one (1) share of the Series J Preferred Stock shall have voting rights equal to (x) 0.019607
 multiplied by  the total issued and outstanding Common Stock and Preferred Stock eligible to vote at the time of the respective
vote (the  Numerator ),  divided by  (y) 0.49,  minus  (z) the Numerator. For the avoidance of doubt, if
the total issued and outstanding Common Stock eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote is 5,000,000, the voting rights
of one share of the Series J Preferred Stock shall be equal to 102,036 (e.g. ((0.019607 x 5,000,000) / 0.49)   (0.019607
x 5,000,000) = 102,036). The issuance of 51 shares of Series J Preferred to TCA gives TCA voting control of the Company if the
Company receives a default notice from TCA, under any agreement between the two entities.. 

So long as any shares of Series J Preferred
Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without first obtaining the unanimous written consent of the holders of Series J
Preferred Stock, alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series J Preferred so as to affect adversely the
holders of Series J Preferred Stock. 

21 

PART III  

Item 10.  Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance.  

Directors and Executive Officers  

The following table and biographical summaries set forth information,
including principal occupation and business experience, about the sole director and executive officer of Pervasip.   

Name 
       
     Age 
       
     Position  

Paul H. Riss 
       
     61 
       
     Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Chairman  

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
provides that a director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires except in the
case of elections to fill vacancies or newly created directorships.  While each director is typically elected for a one-year
term, we did not have an annual stockholders meeting for the election of directors in 2015.  The Company s officers
serve at the discretion of the Company s board of directors, until their death, or until they resign or have been removed
from office. 

Paul H. Riss has served as a director since
1995; Chairman of our board of directors since March 2005; our Chief Executive Officer since August 1999 and our Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer since November 1996.   He has served on the board of four telecom companies
and has more than 30 years of entrepreneurial business and management experience including the engineering of his own leveraged
buyout in 1987 and the audit of numerous public companies at Ernst   Young.  He is a CPA in New York State and earned
an MBA with distinction from the Stern School of Business at New York University and a magna cum laude BA with distinction from
Carleton College.  We believe Mr. Riss s qualifications to serve as a director include his tenure as our Chief
Executive Officer and as a member of our Board, and his more than 20 years of service to us with extensive experience in financings,
contract negotiations, acquisitions, budgeting, external reporting and accounting.  

Board Meetings and Committees; Management
Matters   

Our amended certificate of incorporation provides
that the number of members of our board of directors shall be not less than one and not more than five. Because of the resignation
of our three independent directors in 2014, who served on the board without any cash compensation, and the resignation on September
15, 2014 of our Chief Information Officer, who also served as a board member, there is currently one director on the Board. At
each annual meeting of stockholders, directors are elected to hold office for a term of one year and until their respective successors
are elected and qualified. 

Our board of directors took actions by unanimous
consent on 4 occasions during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2015.  No formal meetings were held.  No fees are
paid to directors for attendance at meetings or for agreeing to a unanimous consent or the board of directors. 

Compensation Committee  

We formerly had a compensation committee of
two independent board members. Currently, there is no compensation committee.   

Nominating Committee  

Our board of directors does not have a nominating
committee.  Our entire board of directors is responsible for this function.  Due to the relatively small size
of our company and the resulting efficiency of a board of directors that is also limited in size, our board of directors determined
that it is not necessary or appropriate at this time to establish a separate nominating committee.   

Audit Committee  

A written charter approved by our board of
directors and attached as Annex A to our 2007 proxy statement, which was filed with the SEC on May 15, 2007, governs the audit
committee. All of the members of the audit committee resigned from the board of directors in 2014. 

22 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance  

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934,
requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities
( 10% Shareholders ), to file with the Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
of our common stock and other equity securities. Officers, directors and 10% Shareholders are required by Commission regulation
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based solely on our review of the copies of
such reports received by us, we believe that for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2015, all Section 16(a) filing requirements
applicable to our officers, directors and 10% shareholders were complied with. 

Code of Ethics  

We have adopted a code of business conduct
and ethics for our directors, officers and employees, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer.  In
addition, we have adopted a supplemental code of ethics for our financial executives and all employees in our accounting department.  The
text of our codes are posted on our Internet website at www.canalytix.com. 

Item 11.  Executive Compensation.  

Summary Compensation Table  

The following table sets
forth, for the fiscal years indicated, all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to Mr. Paul H. Riss, our Chairman, Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Mark Richards, our former Chief Information Officer (collectively, the  Named
Executives ).  We have no other executive officers. 

Fiscal 2015 Summary Compensation Table  

(2) 
     Amounts in this column reflect the expense recognized for financial reporting purposes for the indicated fiscal year, in accordance with FASB authoritative guidance, with respect to awards of restricted shares of common stock, which may include awards made during earlier years as well as the indicated year.  

(3) 
     Amounts in this column reflect the expense recognized for financial reporting purposes for the indicated fiscal year, in accordance with FASB authoritative guidance, with respect to awards of options to purchase common stock, which may include awards made during earlier years as well as the indicated year.  

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End  

The following table sets
forth certain information with respect to stock options outstanding as of November 30, 2015, for each of the named executive officers.   The
Named Executives did not exercise any options in Fiscal 2015. 

23 

Option Awards 

Name  

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised
        Options 
         (#) Exercisable  

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised
        Options 
         (#) Unexercisable  

Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1): Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 

Option 
        Exercise 
        Price  

Option Expiration 
        Date  

Paul H. Riss 

4,000,000 

- 

$ 
     0.01 
       
     11/21/2016 

Stock Option Grants  

There were no stock option grants or exercises
in fiscal 2015 for Named Executives. 

Board of Directors Compensation  

We do not currently compensate
directors in cash for service on our board of directors.    We maintain a Non-Employee Director Stock Option
Plan (the  Director Option Plan ).  Under the Director Option Plan, each non-employee director is granted
a non-statutory option to purchase 1,000 shares of our common stock on the date on which he or she is elected, re-elected or appointed
to our board of directors.   Options granted pursuant to the Director Option Plan will vest in full on the one-year anniversary
of the grant date, provided the non-employee director is still our director at that time.  The exercise price granted
under the Director Option Plan is 100% of the fair market value per share of the common stock on the date of the grant as reported
on the OTC Marketplace. 

Item 12.  Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  

As of November 30, 2015
there were 3,652,005,709 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding.  Each share of common stock entitles the
holder thereof to one vote with respect to each item to be voted on by holders of the shares of common stock. We have 10 shares
of Series E Preferred stock outstanding, held by our Chief Executive Officer, as detailed in the chart below. The Series E Preferred
stock controls at least 51% of the Company's voting power, because it has voting rights equal to 4 times the value of the total
number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting, including votes attributable to other shareholders
who hold preferred stock. 

The following table sets
forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock as of November 30, 2015,   by: 

Each person whom we know beneficially owns more than 5% of any class of equity security;  

each of our directors individually;  

each of our named executive officers individually; and  

all of our current directors and executive officers as a group  

Unless otherwise indicated,
to our knowledge, all persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to their shares of common stock.
Each person listed below disclaims beneficial ownership of their shares, except to the extent of their pecuniary interests therein.
Shares of common stock that an individual or group has the right to acquire within 60 days of November 30, 2015, pursuant to the
exercise of options or restricted stock are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such
person or group, but are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of calculating the percentage owned by any other person listed. 

24 

(3) 
     Each one share of Series D Preferred has voting rights equal to 1% of the total number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting.  

(4) 
     Each one share of Series E Preferred has voting rights equal to 4 times the value of the total number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting, including votes attributable to other shareholders who hold preferred stock.  Mr. Paul Riss owns 10 shares, or 100% of Series E Preferred Stock, which currently gives him more than 51% of the Company's total voting power.  The Series F Preferred has voting rights equal to 100 million common shares.  The Series G Preferred has voting rights equal to 10 million common shares  

Item 13.  Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  

At November 30, 2015 and 2014, the total amount
due to our chief executive officer, including loans, unpaid salary, interest and expenses amounted to $1,380,000 and $1,194,021,
respectively. 

25 

At November 30, 2015, we owed $222,918 to a
company that is controlled by the entity that owns 10% of our voting control, via ownership of our Series H preferred stock. 

At November 30, 2014 the amount of unpaid salary
owed to our former chief information officer amounted to $20,000. 

We paid fees to a software consulting firm
( Consultant ) of $126,500 in fiscal 2014. All such work performed by the Consultant became the property of the Company,
and was sold on September 30, 2014, as noted below.  Our former chief information officer performed work for the Consultant,
including disbursement services, in which funds that were remitted by the Company to a company controlled by the officer were subsequently
distributed for the Consultant to appropriate vendors. For services rendered to the Consultant, our chief information officer was
paid $ 6,000 in fiscal 2014. 

On September 30, 2014, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company entered into a contract of sale to transfer certain assets and liabilities, including a copy of internally developed
mobile content delivery software to Vaxstar LLC (the  Buyer ). The Buyer simultaneously assigned the contract of sale
to Valuesetters, Inc. (the  Assignee ). The Buyer agreed to pay the Company 40,000,000 shares of common stock, par
value $0.001, of the Assignee, which are included in Marketable Securities at November 30, 2015 and 2014. Although we had negotiated
the details of the transaction with the Buyer before our chief information officer resigned from our Company, our former chief
information officer signed the purchase agreement as the Buyer s chief executive officer. We calculated a gain from the contract
of sale amounting to $779,645, and recorded this gain as an addition to paid-in capital because of the related-party nature of
the transaction.   

Director Independence  

Our common stock is currently
quoted on the OTC Pink market and is not listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market or any other national securities exchange. Accordingly,
we are not currently subject to the Nasdaq continued listing requirements or the requirements of any other national securities
exchange. Nevertheless, in determining whether a director or nominee for director should be considered  independent 
the board utilizes the definition of independence set forth in Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules.  Pursuant
to that definition, we do not have an independent member of our Board of Directors. 

Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services.  

The following table presents fees for professional
audit services rendered by the principal independent accountant for Pervasip Corp. Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman   Company for
the audit of our annual financial statements for the years ended November 30, 2015 and 2014. 

26 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of
Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors  

Consistent with SEC policies regarding auditor
independence, the Audit Committee has responsibility for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent
auditor. In recognition of this responsibility, the Audit Committee has established a policy to pre-approve all audit and permissible
non-audit services provided by the independent auditor. 

Prior to engagement of the independent auditor
for the next year's audit, management will submit an aggregate of services expected to be rendered during that year for each of
four categories of services to the Audit Committee for approval. 

1.   Audit  
services include audit work performed in the preparation of financial statements, as well as work that generally only the independent
auditor can reasonably be expected to provide, including comfort letters and reviews of our financial statements included in our
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

2.   Audit-Related  
services are for assurance and related services that are traditionally performed by the independent auditor, including due diligence
related to mergers and acquisitions, employee benefit plan audits, and special procedures required to meet certain regulatory requirements. 

3.   Tax   services
include all services performed by the independent auditor's tax personnel except those services specifically related to the audit
of the financial statements, and includes fees in the areas of tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice. 

4.   Other   services
are those associated with services not captured in the other categories. We generally do not request such services from the independent
auditor. 

Prior to engagement, the
Audit Committee pre-approves these services by category of service. The Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to
one or more of its members.  The member to whom such authority is delegated must report, for informational purposes only,
any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

With the resignation in
2014 of the members of the Audit Committee, the responsibilities of the Audit Committee described above have been assumed by the
Board of Directors. 

27 

PART IV  

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.  

Exhibit No. 
       
     Document  
 
     3.1 
       
     Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 27, 1969 under Registration Number 2-34436.  

3.2 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC in connection with our Annual Meeting of Shareholders held in May 1984.  

3.3 
       
     Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 1988.  

3.4 
       
     Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(e) to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 1994, as amended.  

3.5 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 30, 1995.  

3.6 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(f) to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 1998.  

3.7 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 1998.  

3.8 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(1) to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 16, 1999.  

3.9 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(1) to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 28, 2007.  

3.10 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 23, 2012.  

3.11 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 21, 2012.  

3.12 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 18, 2013.  

3.13 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 30, 2013.  

3.14 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 13, 2013.  

3.15 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation dated April 14, 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2013.  

3.16 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 19, 2015.  

3.17 

Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2015.  

3.18 

Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2015.  

3.17 
       
     By-laws, amended and restated as of December 1996, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(e) to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 1996.  
 
 28 

* filed herewith   

 29 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

PERVASIP CORP.  

Date: December 14, 2016 
     By: 
      /s/ Paul H. Riss 

Name:   
     Paul H. Riss 

Title: 
     
         Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer) 
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer) 
         (Principal Accounting Officer)  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
       
     Title 
       
     Date  

/s/ Paul H. Riss 
       
     Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Chief 
       
     December 14,2016  
 
     Paul H. Riss 
       
     Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) (Principal 

Accounting Officer),  Chairman of the Board 

30 

PERVASIP CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND  

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT  

  REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

AS OF AND FOR THE  

  YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND 2014  

31 

PERVASIP CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30,
2015 AND 2014  

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

CONTENTS  

Page  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
       
     F-1  

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Balance Sheets 
       
     F-2  

Statements of Operations 
       
     F-3  

Statements of Comprehensive Income 
       
     F-4  

Statements of Stockholders  Deficit and Comprehensive Income 
       
     F-5  

Statements of Cash Flows 
       
     F-5  

Notes to Financial Statements 
       
     F-6   F-28  

32 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm   

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Pervasip Corp.   Subsidiaries 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Pervasip Corporation   Subsidiaries as of November 30, 2015 and 2014,
and the related statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended November 30, 2015. Pervasip Corporation s management is responsible for these financial
statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis
for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements,
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Pervasip Corporation   Subsidiaries as of November 30, 2015 and 2014, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended November 30, 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more
fully discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has sustained recurring substantial losses from its continuing
operations, and has negative working capital and a significant stockholders  deficit as of November 30, 2015. In addition,
the Company is unable to meet its obligations as they become due to sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman   Company 

Somerset, New Jersey 

 December 13, 2016 

F-1 

PERVASIP CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND 2014  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements.  

 F-2 

PERVASIP CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

FOR THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND
2014  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F-3 

PERVASIP CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME   

FOR THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND
2014  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F-4 

PERVASIP CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  

FOR THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND
2014  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

 F-5 

PERVASIP CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

FOR THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND
2014  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements.  

 F-6 

PERVASIP CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30,
2015 AND 2014  

1.  Description of Business and Summary
of Accounting Policies   

Description
of Business       

Pervasip Corp. ( Pervasip , or
the  Company ) is engaged in the business of owning and operating a retail hydroponic store in Denver, Colorado, through
a wholly owned subsidiary. Until May 31, 2015, it also operated as an application-based Internet company, providing low-cost telephone
services, connecting people through cloud-connected devices worldwide.     

Principles of Consolidation   

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned and partially owned subsidiaries after elimination of significant intercompany
balances and transactions. The operations of a 90% owned subsidiary, Canalytix LLC, is included beginning on March 25, 2015, and
the operations of a 60% owned subsidiary, Grow Big Supply, LLC is included beginning on July 6, 2015. 

Use of Estimates   

In preparing financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  The most significant estimates relate
to the derivative liabilities, income tax valuation allowance, and the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable.  On
a continual basis, management reviews its estimates, utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances,
historical experience and reasonable assumptions.  After such reviews, and if deemed appropriate, those estimates are
adjusted accordingly.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers all highly liquid investments
purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents
during 2015 and 2014. At November 30, 2015, it had restricted cash of $60,000, held in an escrow fund to be designated for uses
approved by its secured lender. 

Advertising Costs   

Advertising costs are presented as a part of
selling, general and administrative costs. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and amounted to $8,256 in fiscal 2015 and
$0 in fiscal 2014. 

Marketable securities   

The Company classifies i nvestments
in equity securities bought and held primarily to be sold in the short term that have readily determinable fair values, as trading
securities. Unrealized holding gains and losses for trading securities are included in earnings. Any unrealized holding gains and
losses from available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and are recorded in comprehensive income until a gain or loss
has been realized, unless an impairment in value is determined. The Company recognized an investment impairment loss in fiscal
2015 of $820,000, for which $600,000 had previously been recognized in other comprehensive income, and $220,000 is recorded as
a loss in the statement of operations for fiscal 2015.  

Collectibility of Accounts Receivable   

Trade receivables potentially subject the Company
to credit risk.  Accounts receivable are stated at the amount the Company expects to collect from balances outstanding
at year-end. Based on the Company's assessment of the credit history with customers having outstanding balances and current relationships
with them. 

At November 30, 2014, all customers were on
a prepay basis. Consumers that used the Company s mobile Voice over Internet Protocol ( VoIP ) application, were
required to prepay for all mobile telephone services via a credit card or an online payment service, such as Paypal. Before September
30, 2014, the Company had wholesale customers, which typically provided a security deposit and paid for their services each month,
in arrears. 

F-7 

In order to record the Company s accounts
receivable at their net realizable value, the Company must assess their collectibility.  A considerable amount of judgment
is required in order to make this assessment, including an analysis of historical bad debts and other adjustments, a review of
the aging of the Company s receivables, and the current creditworthiness of the Company s customers.  Generally,
when a customer account reached a certain level of delinquency, the Company discontinues credit sales to the customer and provides
an allowance for the related amount receivable from the customer.  At November 30, 2015, the Company has recorded an
allowance of $98,739 for receivables that it considered uncollectible, including amounts for the resolution of potential credit
and other collection issues, such as disputed invoices and pricing discrepancies.  However, depending on how such potential
issues are resolved, or if the financial condition of any of the Company s customers was to deteriorate and its ability to
make required payments became impaired, increases in these allowances may be required.  The Company writes off the accounts
receivable balance from a customer and the related allowance established when it believes it has exhausted all reasonable collection
efforts. 

Revenue Recognition   

Revenue on product
sales is recognized upon delivery or shipment. Customer deposits/layaway sales are not reported as income unit final payment is
received and the merchandise is delivered.   Revenues from voice, data and other applications
and services are recognized in the period in which subscribers use the related services.  Services billed in advanced,
such as line fees, bundled monthly plans or prepaid calling cards, are deferred until they are earned. Services billed in arrears,
such as international usage and wholesale usage, are accrued for in the month the usage occurred. Equipment sales are recognized
when the equipment is shipped.   

Costs of Goods Sold   

Costs of products sold are measured on the
average cost method. Products are supplies to the hydroponic and gardening industry, including medium (i.e., farming soil), industry-leading
hydroponic equipment, power-efficient lighting, plant nutrients, and thousands of additional products used by professional growers
and specialty cultivation operations. Cost of services sold consist primarily of direct costs that we paid to third parties in
order to provide telephone services.  These costs include access and interconnection charges that we paid to other telephone
companies to terminate domestic and international phone calls on the public switched telephone network. These costs do not include
indirect costs such as depreciation and amortization, payroll, and facilities costs. 

Inventory   

Inventory consists primarily of gardening supplies
and materials and is recorded at the lower of cost (average cost method) or market. All inventory consists of finished goods. 

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment are stated at cost.
Depreciation is computed primarily using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from
3 to 5 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the useful life of the related assets or the lease term.
Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. For assets sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost
and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any related gain or loss is reflected in income for the
period. All of the Company s property and equipment was acquired on July 6, 2015. At November 30, 2015, it consisted of the
following: 

Depreciation expense for the year ended November 30, 2015 was $6,699.  

Share-based Payments   

The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes option
pricing model to estimate the fair value of employee stock option awards at the date of grant, which requires the input of highly
subjective assumptions, including expected volatility and expected life. Changes in these inputs and assumptions can materially
affect the measure of estimated fair value of share-based compensation. These assumptions are subjective and generally require
significant analysis and judgment to develop. When estimating fair value, some of the assumptions will be based on, or determined
from, external data and other assumptions may be derived from historical experience with stock-based payment arrangements. The
appropriate weight to place on historical experience is a matter of judgment, based on relevant facts and circumstances. 

The Company estimates volatility by considering
the historical stock volatility. The Company has opted to use the simplified method for estimating expected term, which is generally
equal to the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual term. 

F-8 

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes under
the asset and liability method.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax
rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  The
ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income and the reversal of deferred
tax liabilities during the period in which related temporary differences become deductible.  A valuation allowance has
been established to eliminate the Company s deferred tax assets as it is more likely than not that any of the deferred tax
assets will be realized. 

The Company recognizes the tax benefit from
an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing
authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements
from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized
upon settlement with the tax authorities.  Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which
the change in judgment occurs.  The Company records interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense
and penalties in income tax expense.  The Company has determined that it had no significant uncertain tax positions requiring
recognition or disclosure. 

Convertible Instruments   

 The Company evaluates and accounts for
conversion options embedded in convertible instruments in accordance with ASC 815  Derivatives and Hedging Activities . 

 Accounting standards require companies
to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them as free standing derivative financial instruments
according to certain criteria. The Company accounts for convertible instruments (when we have determined that the embedded conversion
options should not be bifurcated from their host instruments) as follows: We record when necessary, discounts to convertible notes
for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in debt instruments based upon the differences between the fair value of
the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note.
Debt discounts under these arrangements are amortized over the term of the related debt to their stated date of redemption. 

 The Company accounts for the conversion
of the underlying derivative of a convertible debt instrument as a gain or loss. The decrease in debt that results from a debt
conversion is calculated and compared to the then-current fair value of shares issued with any difference recorded as a gain or
loss. 

   Earnings Per Share   

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing
net income by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding.  To the extent that stock options and warrants are anti-dilutive,
they are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share.  Diluted earnings per share includes the dilutive
effect of stock options and warrants.   

Concentrations   

As of November 30, 2015,
one customer accounted for 12% of the gross amount of accounts receivable, and such amount was fully reserved.  For the
year ended November 30, 2015, no one customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company s revenues. Two customers that accounted
for 27% and 24% of our revenues in fiscal 2014. These two customers were part of the assets we sold on September 30, 2014. 

The Company is dependent on the availability
and functionality of three large suppliers, and the loss of any two of these entities as vendors would be disruptive to our operations
and ability to sell products. 

Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

Comprehensive income (loss) is defined as all changes in stockholders 
equity (deficit), exclusive of transactions with owners, such as capital investments. Comprehensive income includes net income
or loss, changes in certain assets and liabilities that are reported directly in equity such as translation adjustments on investments
in foreign subsidiaries and unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities. 

F-9 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers which modifies how all entities recognize revenue
and various other revenue accounting standards for specialized transactions and industries. This update is a comprehensive new
revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, which deferred the effective date of the ASU to fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  We are currently evaluating the possible impact of ASU 2014-09,
but we do not anticipate that it will have a material impact on the Company's consolidated  results of operations, financial
position or cash flows .  

In August 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU No. 2014-15,   Presentation
of Financial Statements-Going Concern-Disclosures of Uncertainties about an entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. 
ASU 2014-15 provides new guidance related to management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about
an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently
in U.S. auditing standards and to provide related footnote disclosures. This new guidance is effective for the annual period ending
after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to
have a significant impact on the Company's consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.   ASU 2015-03 requires debt issuance costs
to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the associated debt liability.  ASU 2015-03 is effective for
interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  The new guidance will be applied on a retrospective
basis and early adoption is permitted.  The Company chose early adoption of the new guidance, which resulted in an additional
debt discount at November 30, 2015 of $258,065, due to financing fees. 

In November 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740)   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.  To simplify
the presentation of deferred income taxes, the amendments in this Update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified
as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.  The amendments in this Update apply to all entities that present
a classified statement of financial position.  The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying
component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in this Update.  For public
business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods.  For all other entities, the amendments in this Update
are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018.  Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of
an interim or annual reporting period.  The amendments in this Update may be applied either prospectively to all deferred
tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented.  If an entity applies the guidance prospectively,
the entity should disclose in the first interim and first annual period of change, the nature of and reason for the change in accounting
principle and a statement that prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted.  If an entity applies the guidance retrospectively,
the entity should disclose in the first interim and first annual period of change the nature of and reason for the change in accounting
principle and quantitative information about the effects of the accounting change on prior periods.  We do not expect the
adoption of ASU 2015-17 to have a significant impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

In January 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-01    Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10)   Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   ASU 2016-01, among other changes, requires equity investments (except
those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured
at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income.  This Update also simplifies the impairment assessment
of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment. 
The amendments in ASU 2016-01 will become effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  We are currently evaluating the effect of the adoption of ASU
2016-01 will have on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-02    Leases (Topic 842).  Under ASU 2016-02, entities will be required to recognize lease asset
and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases.  Among other changes in accounting for leases,
a lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a
right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.  When measuring assets and liabilities
arising from a lease, a lessee (and a lessor) should include payments to be made in optional periods only if the lessee is reasonably
certain to exercise an option to extend the lease or not to exercise an option to terminate the lease.  Similarly, optional
payments to purchase the underlying asset should be included in the measurement of lease assets and lease liabilities only if the
lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that purchase option.  The amendments in ASU 2016-02 will become effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods with those fiscal years, for public business entities. 
We are currently evaluating the effect of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on our consolidated results of operations, financial
position or cash flows. 

F-10 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASC 2016-09    Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718)   Improvements to Employee Share-based Payment
Accounting.   The areas for simplification in this Update involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based
payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification
on the statement of cash flows.  In addition to these simplifications, the amendments eliminate the guidance in Topic 718
that was indefinitely deferred shortly after the issuance of FASB Statement No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment. 
The amendments in ASC 2016-09 will become effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within
those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. If an entity early adopts
the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that
interim period.  An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period.  We are currently
evaluating the effect of the adoption of ASU 2016-09 will have on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or
cash flows. 

In August 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipt and Cash Payments. The
new guidance addresses certain classification issues related to the statement of cash flows which will eliminate the diversity
of practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 2017. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the possible
impact of ASU 2016-15, but do not anticipate that it will have a material impact on the Company's consolidated results of operations,
financial position or cash flows. 

In October
2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-17, Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control.
The new guidance amends the consolidation guidance on how a reporting entity that is the single decision make of a VIE should treat
indirect interests in the entity held through related parties that are under common control with the reporting entity when determining
whether it is the primary beneficiary of that VIE. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 2016. Early
adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the possible impact of ASU 2016-17, but do not anticipate that it will have
a material impact on the Company's consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

2.  Going Concern Matters and Realization of Assets   

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the
ordinary course of business. However, the Company has sustained recurring substantial losses from its continuing operations and
as of November 30, 2015 has negative working capital of $8,771,742 and a stockholders  deficit of $9,103,249. In addition,
the Company is unable to meet its obligations as they become due and sustain its operations.  The Company believes that
its existing cash resources are not sufficient to fund its continuing operating losses, capital expenditures, lease and debt payments
and working capital requirements. 

The Company may not be able to raise sufficient
additional debt, equity or other cash on acceptable terms, if at all.  Failure to generate sufficient revenues, achieve
certain other business plan objectives or raise additional funds could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results
of operations, cash flows and financial position, including its ability to continue as a going concern, and may require it to significantly
reduce, reorganize, discontinue or shut down its operations. 

In view of the matters described above, recoverability
of a major portion of the recorded asset amounts shown in the accompanying balance sheet is dependent upon continued operations
of the Company which, in turn, is dependent upon the Company s ability to meet its financing requirements on a continuing
basis, and to succeed in its future operations.  The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to
the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue in its existence.  Management s plans include efforts to preserve current
revenue sources, develop new revenue sources and negotiate further debt reductions with creditors. 

There can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to achieve its business plan objectives or be able to achieve or maintain cash-flow-positive operating results. If
the Company is unable to generate adequate funds from operations or raise sufficient additional funds, the Company may not be able
to repay its existing debt, continue to operate its network, respond to competitive pressures or fund its operations. As a result,
the Company may be required to significantly reduce, reorganize, discontinue or shut down its operations. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from this uncertainty. Management plans to resolve the Company s working
capital deficit by increasing revenue, reducing debt and exploring new financing options. 

F-11 

3.  Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses   

When the Company sold certain subsidiaries
in December 2006, the Company agreed to reimburse the purchaser for certain disputed claims on the books of the subsidiaries if
the sold subsidiaries were required to pay such claims.  At November 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded a payable
of $0 and $796,499, respectively, in conjunction with the sale of the subsidiaries. The former subsidiaries filed for bankruptcy,
and on September 25, 2015, the Trustee s Final Account for the bankruptcy case noted that no payments were made to the vendor
in question. Consequently, the Company removed the liability in its fourth fiscal quarter and recorded other income of $796,499. 

4.  Debt   

The following table summarizes components of
debt as of November 30, 2015 and 2014: 

At November
30, 2015, future payments under long-term debt obligations over each of the next five years and thereafter were as follows:  

Debt due to Laurus  

As of November 30, 2014, the Company owed a
third party lender, LV Administrative Services, Ltd., as agent for Laurus Master Fund, Ltd. and various affiliates ( Laurus ),
a total of $2,266,186.   All of such debt became due by its terms on September 28, 2010 and carried an annual interest
rate ranging from 5.25% to 20%.  The Company had not made payments of principal or interest when due, and was not in
compliance with its agreements with Laurus. Laurus had not issued a default notice and had signed an agreement, on two separate
occasions, to sell all of its debt at a discount to a third party, however the third parties did not fulfill all of the terms of
the agreements. In January 2015, EXO Opportunity Fund, LLC ( EXO ) purchased the remaining Laurus debt and agreed to
pay $100,000 to Laurus. EXO paid $30,000, but did not pay the remaining $70,000, despite repeated requests. On October 14, 2015,
the Company closed a Securities Purchase Agreement and related agreements with TCA Global Credit Master Fund LP ( TCA )
whereby the Company sold to TCA a $500,000 senior secured convertible redeemable debenture ( TCA Debenture 1 ). From
the proceeds of the TCA Debenture 1, the Company paid $70,000 to Laurus in full settlement of the remaining balances owed to Laurus.
Given that the Company is experiencing financial difficulties and Laurus granted a concession by accepting total payments of $100,000
for the remaining balance of the principal and interest due, the Company accounted for such transactions as a troubled debt restructuring
and recognized a total gain of $2,299,986 from the debt settlement. 

F-12 

Convertible subordinated debt  

In March 2013, 112359 Factor Fund, LLC (the  Fund ),
was assigned the $6,368,078 of outstanding debt owed to Laurus, which the Fund could satisfy in full by making certain payments
to Laurus. Factor Fund did not abide by the contractual terms of the assignment agreement; therefore, at November 30, 2014 the
Company was still obligated to Laurus as noted above. 

During February 2013, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement with the Fund pursuant to which the Company issued to the Fund (i) an amended convertible debenture
in the principal amount of $1,000,000 ( Amended Note 1 ) and (ii) a second amended convertible debenture in the principal
balance of $1,000,000 ( Amended Note 2  and together with Amended Note 1, the  Amended Notes ).  The
Amended Notes were sold to the Fund by the Company in exchange for the Fund s assumption and payment of the Laurus assignment
agreement (which required the Fund to make payments totaling $350,000, of which $250,000 was paid, to Laurus), payment to the Company
of $150,000, and the agreement to purchase from another lender and cancel an existing convertible debenture in the amount of approximately
$35,000. 

The conversion price of Amended Note 1 is based
on a variable that is not an input to the fair value of a  fixed-for-fixed  option as defined under FASB ASC Topic
No. 815 - 40. The fair value of the note was recognized as a derivative instrument at the issuance date and was measured at fair
value at each reporting period. The Company determined that the fair value of the notes was $1,874,169 at the issuance dates. The
value of the debt of $1,000,000 was recorded as a debt discount and is amortized to interest expense over the term of the Notes.
The variance to the fair value of $874,169 was recognized as an initial loss and recorded to change in fair value of derivative
liabilities 

Amended Note 2 converts into shares of common
stock of the Company in an amount equal to the lesser of the outstanding balance of Amended Note 2 divided by $0.01. Any principal
or interest amount can be paid in cash. 

The Amended Notes matured on December 31, 2014,
and were modified in January 2015 to mature on December 31, 2015. The Company is in discussions to change the maturity dates again
and to modify the notes.  Interest accrues on the unpaid principal at a rate per annum equal to 6% for Amended Note 1
and 2% for Amended Note 2. 

During the year ended November 30, 2013, the
Fund also loaned the Company amounts of $50,000, $35,000 and $12,000 (the  Bridge Notes ). In June 2013 the Fund refinanced
the Bridge Notes with additional funding into another note for $665,000 (the  New Note ). The additional funding under
the New Note provided cash to purchase two outstanding convertible debentures for an aggregate price of $99,360; cash for operations
of $60,000 in June 2013; and $40,000 in cash each month for the months of July 2013 through December 2013. The Company incurred
$68,640 in finder fees and legal fees in connection with the New Note, and a $100,000 original issuance discount. The New Note
bears interest at 6% per annum and was due December 31, 2014. The Fund can elect at any time to convert any portion of the New
Note into shares of common stock of the Company at 60% of the volume weighted average price of the common stock for the 20 trading
days immediately prior to the conversion date. The Company received an aggregate of $300,000 in cash under the New Note in the
months of June through December 2013 under the New Note. 

The conversion price of the $665,000 of variable
conversion price note is based on a variable that is not an input to the fair value of a  fixed-for-fixed  option as
defined under FASB ASC Topic No. 815 - 40. The fair value of the conversion feature was recognized as a derivative instrument at
the issuance date and is measured at fair value at each reporting period. The Company determined that the fair value of the conversion
feature was $1,103,940 at the issuance date. Debt discount was recorded up to the $625,000 face amount of the note and is amortized
to interest expense over the term of the note. The fair value of the conversion feature in excess of the principal amount allocated
to the notes in the aggregate amount of $478,940 was expensed immediately as additional interest expense 

Effective January 20, 2015, the Company signed
a debt modification agreement with the Fund. The modification reduced the outstanding balance on Amended Note 1 from $280,190 to
$250,000, and provided that upon the completion of the payments required to retire Amended Note 1, the outstanding balance of Amended
Note 2 would be reduced to from $1,000,000 to $0. The Fund subsequently assigned the remaining balance of Amended Note 1 and the
related security agreements to EXO. The Company also received $25,000 in cash in February 2015, in conjunction with a variable
rate convertible debenture payable to EXO (the  EXO Note 1 ), which matured on December 31, 2015, bears interest at
an annual rate of 6%, and is subject to the same security agreements as Amended Note 1. The Company is negotiating a new maturity
date for EXO Note 1. 

F-13 

The conversion price of the EXO Note 1 is based
on a variable that is not an input to the fair value of a  fixed-for-fixed  option as defined under FASB ASC Topic
No. 815 - 40. The fair value of the notes was recognized as a derivative instrument at the issuance date and is measured at fair
value at each reporting period. The Company determined that the fair value of the note was $74,990 at the issuance date. Debt discount
was recorded up to the $25,000 face amount of the note and is amortized to interest expense over the term of the note. The fair
value of the conversion feature in excess of the principal amount allocated to the notes in the aggregate amount of $49,990 was
expensed immediately as additional interest expense. 

On January 21, 2015, the Company signed a second
debt modification agreement with the Fund. This modification provided for the reduction of the principal balance of the New Note
from $634,600 to $250,000, subject to certain conditions precedent. The Fund assigned a $250,000 portion of the New Note and the
related security agreements to two new debt holders in equal amounts of $125,000 each. On March 5, 2015, the Company met the conditions
precedent in the debt modification agreement, and recognized a troubled debt restructuring gain of $1,568,335. For the year ended
Novemebr 30, 2015, as a result of the debt modifications with the Fund and Laurus, the Company recognized a total gain on troubled
debt restructuring of $3,868,321, or $0.00 per basic and fully diluted share. 

On April 21, 2015, EXO purchased a 
$63,000 convertible note, with a minimum conversion price of $0.00005 per share, that the Company originally issued to Diamond
Remark LLC ( Diamond ) on September 4, 2014.  EXO can elect at any time to convert any portion of the debt into
shares of common stock of the Company at a discount of 49% of the price of the common stock as defined in the agreement, subject
to a minimum conversion price of $0.00005 per share. On March 3, 2015, Diamond notified the Company that the Company was in default
and that in accordance with the default provisions of the lending agreement, the amount of money that the Company was required
to pay back to Diamond had increased due to default fees. The note was due on June 26, 2015, and remains in default. EXO purchased
the note for $97,675. In conjunction with the penalty clauses in the note and default fees due to EXO, on September 8, 2015, the
Company issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note to EXO in the amount of $209,847, with the same conversion terms
and conditions as the original note issued to Diamond. The note matures on March 31, 2016 and bears interest at a rate of 8% per
annum. 

On May 11, 2015, the Company signed a $140,000
convertible note agreement with FLUX Carbon Starter Fund (the  Flux Note 1 ), which matured on December 31, 2015, and
bears interest at an annual rate of 6%. The Flux Note 1 can be converted into the Company s common stock at a price of $0.002
per share. In conjunction with the Flux Note, the Company received $68,000 in cash and recorded an original issuance discount of
$72,000 as interest expense. 

On July 1, 2015, in conjunction with the purchase
of Plaid Canary Corporation ( PCC ) (see Note 14), the Company assumed a secured note payable to FLUX Carbon Starter
Fund in the amount of $627,000, (the  Flux Note 2 ) with an annual interest rate of 20%, that matured on January 31,
2016. The Flux Note 2 can convert into shares of common stock of PCC at the market price of PCC s common stock. The market
price is defined as the lowest closing bid price of PCC s common stock during the previous 90 trading days. The Flux Note
2 contains an original issuance discount of $313,500, $260,393 of which has been expensed in fiscal 2015, and $53,107 which remains
as a portion of the total debt discount at November 30, 2016. 

The Amended Notes, New Note, Flux Note 1, Flux
Note 2 and notes payable to EXO (the  Subordinated Debt ) are subordinated to any debt payable to TCA. In instances
where the Subordinated Debt is past due, the Company is negotiating extended maturity dates. None of the Subordinated Debt holders
have issued the Company a default notice. The Company contests the validity and enforceability of the Amended Notes because the
asignees of the Amended Notes did not pay the full amount of consideration of $350,000 to Laurus to complete the assignment of
the Amended Notes. As noted above, the Company paid $70,000 of the required $350,000 payment, in order to complete the settlement
agreement with Laurus. 

During the year
ending November 30, 2015, the Subordinated Debt holders converted $240,400 of principal into 1,159,047,428 shares of common stock
of the Company and recorded a gain of $1,419,661 on the conversions. During the year ending November 30, 2014, the Subordinated
Debt holders converted $287,500 of principal into 253,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company and the Company recorded a
gain of $1,059,464 on the conversions.      

At November 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company
owed the Subordinated Debt holders $2,687,461 and $1,935,190, respectively. 

Debt due to TCA  

On October 14, 2015 the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement ( SPA ) with TCA , as lender, pursuant to which TCA agreed to loan the Company
up to a maximum of $5 million for working capital and general operating expenses. An initial amount of $500,000 was funded by TCA
on October 14, 2015.  Any additional funding to be provided to the Company under the SPA will be at the discretion of TCA. 

F-14 

Our obligation to repay the $500,000
borrowed pursuant to the SPA is evidenced by TCA Debenture 1. The repayment of TCA Debenture 1 is secured by a first position security
interest in substantially all of the Company s assets and in substantially all of the assets of the Company's subsidiaries,
as evidenced by a security agreement between the Company and its subsidiaries and TCA, The Company also pledged the stock it owns
in its subsidiaries.  TCA Debenture 1 matures on April 14, 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 18% per annum. Interest
and principal payments are due in monthly installments beginning in November 2015 and February 2016, respectively. 

Upon the occurrence of an event of
default, TCA may convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest, and any other sums due and
payable under TCA Debenture 1 into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 85% of the lowest
daily volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the five trading days immediately prior to the applicable
conversion date, in each case subject to a provision that no conversion may result in TCA becoming the beneficial owner of more
than 4.99% of the Company s outstanding common stock. 

The Company also borrowed $100,000 from TCA
on November 18, 2015, under a debenture with similar terms, except that the $100,000 debenture will mature on November 18, 2016
( TCA Debenture 2 ). 

Upon the sale of the TCA Debenture 1, the Company
also signed an advisory agreement and issued to TCA, as an advisory fee, 27,500 shares of Pervasip Series I Preferred Stock. Each
share of Series I Preferred Stock has a stated value of $10, which will be the share's priority interest in the Company's net assets
in the event of liquidation. Each share may be converted by the holder into a number of shares of common stock equal to the stated
value divided by the average of the five lowest closing bid prices during the ten trading days immediately preceding conversion.
The holder of Series I Preferred Stock will have voting rights equivalent to those of the common stock into which the Series I
shares are convertible. In the event that TCA does not realize net proceeds from the sale of these Series I preferred shares or
the common shares upon conversion of the preferred shares (the  Advisory Fee shares ) equal to the $275,000 fee value
by the maturity date of the credit facility, these Advisory fee shares will become subject to mandatory redemption by TCA, and
the Company shall be liable to TCA for the net proceeds below an aggregate amount of $275,000. The Company also issued to TCA 51
shares of Series J Preferred Stock. The Series J Preferred Stock will give TCA voting control of the Company if the Company defaults
on the note and TCA declares the voting control effective. 

At November 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company
owed TCA $600,000 and $0, respectively. 

Convertible Debt due to various lenders  

Convertible debt with a fixed conversion
rate    

At November
30, 2015 and November 30, 2014, the Company owed a lender $138,000 in connection two notes that are past due, are in default, bear
a default interest rate of 18% per annum, and are convertible at prices of $0.015 and $0.02 cents per share.  

During
the year ended November 30, 2014, the Company received $63,000 in convertible debt with a minimum conversion price of $0.00005
per share.  The lender can elect at any time to convert any portion of the debt into shares of common stock of the Company
at a discount of 49% of the price of the common stock as defined in the agreement, subject to a minimum conversion price of $0.00005
per share. At November 30, 2014 the Company owed the lender $63,000. The lender sold this note to EXO, as noted above. 

At November 30, 2014 and 2013, a total of $138,000
and $201,000 of convertible debt with a fixed conversion rate was outstanding, respectively 

  No
conversions of debt with a fixed conversion rate occurred during fiscal 2015 and 2014.  

   Convertible debt with a variable conversion
rate issued for cash   

During the year ended November 30, 2014, the
Company received $152,500 in cash from lenders for convertible debt. The convertible debt bears interest at 8% is due between June
and October 2015. The lender can elect at any time to convert any portion of the debt into shares of common stock of the Company,
subject to a limit of 4.99% of the outstanding shares, at a price discount ranging from 30% to 42% of the price of the common stock
as defined in the agreements. 

F-15 

The conversion price of the $152,500 of variable
conversion price notes is based on a variable that is not an input to the fair value of a  fixed-for-fixed  option
as defined under FASB ASC Topic No. 815 - 40. The fair value of the notes was recognized as a derivative instrument at the issuance
date and is measured at fair value at each reporting period. The Company determined that the fair value of the conversion feature
was $163,714 at the issuance dates.  The debt was recorded a debt discount of $152,102 and
was amortized to interest expense over the term of the notes.  The fair value of the conversion feature in excess of the
principal amount allocated to the notes in the aggregate amount of $11,612 was expensed immediately as additional interest expense. 

  .   

 At November 30, 2015 and 2014, a total of $115,000
and $179,770 of variable-rate convertible debt that had been issued for cash was outstanding, respectively. During the year ended
November 30, 2015, $103,870 of debt was converted into 1,119,508,784 shares of common stock of the Company and the Company recorded
a gain of $115,953 on the conversions. During the year ended November 30, 2014, $10,230 of this debt was converted into 137,000,000
shares of common stock of the Company. 

Convertible debt with a variable conversion
rate assigned to lenders.  

During
the years ended November 30, 2015 and 2014, no other debt with a variable conversion rate was assigned to a lender. At November
30, 2015 and 2014, the Company owes one lender $67,750 as a result of an assignment in fiscal 2012. The convertible debt bears
interest at 0% and is past due. The lender can elect at any time to convert any portion of the debt into shares of common stock
of the Company at a price discount of 55% of the market price of the Company s common stock as defined in the agreements.  

During the years ended November 30, 2015 and
2014, none of this debt was converted into shares of common stock of the Company. 

At November 30, 2015 and 2014, a total of $320,750
and $448,520 of other convertible debt was outstanding, respectively. 

Other
short-term debt due to various lenders   

During
the years ended November 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company received $75,000 and $114,000, respectively from lenders in exchange for
notes payable that had no conversion features.   

At November
30, 2015 and November 30, 2014, the Company owed various lenders $224,448 and $170,496, respectively, for non-convertible notes.
Cash payments were made on these notes of $23,547 and $167,980 during the years ended November 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
 Other short-term debt carries an interest rate of 0% to 81% over the term of the loans. Assets of the Company secure certain
of these notes. These notes are currently in default. 

5.        Derivative Liabilities   

The Company evaluated
their convertible note agreements pursuant to ASC 815 and due to there being no minimum or fixed conversion price resulting in
an indeterminate number of shares to be issued in the future, the Company determined an embedded derivative existed and ASC 815
applied for their convertible notes. The Company valued the embedded derivatives using the Black-Scholes valuation model.   

Convertible debt with a variable conversion
feature  

In 2015, we estimated the fair value of
the derivatives using the Black-Scholes valuation method with assumptions including: (1) term of 0 to 1.38 years; (2) a computed
volatility rate of 372 to 787% (3) a discount rate of 1% and (4) zero dividends.  Upon settlement the valuation of this embedded
derivative was recorded as gain/loss on derivative liability.  

In 2014, we estimated the fair value of
the derivatives using the Black-Scholes valuation method with assumptions including: (1) term of 0.01 to .90 years; (2) a computed
volatility rate of 171 to 339% (3) a discount rate of 1% and (4) zero dividends.  Upon settlement the valuation of this embedded
derivative was recorded as gain/loss on derivative liability. 

F-16 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock  

In 2015, we estimated the fair value of
the derivatives using the Black-Scholes valuation method with assumptions including: (1) term reflecting the immediate exercisability;
(2) a computed volatility rate of 372% (3) a discount rate of 1% and (4) zero dividends.  No preferred stock derivatives existed in fiscal
2014. 

Tainted conventional convertible debt  

In 2015, we estimated the fair value of
the derivative using the Black-Scholes valuation method with assumptions including: (1) term of 0 to 1.0 years; (2) a computed
volatility rate of 372 to 787% (3) a discount rate of 1% and (4) zero dividends.  The valuation of this embedded derivative
was recorded with an offsetting gain/loss on derivative liability. 

In 2014, we estimated the fair value of
the derivative using the Black-Scholes valuation method with assumptions including: (1) term of 0 to 0.75 years; (2) a computed
volatility rate of 171 to 339% (3) a discount rate of 1% and (4) zero dividends.  The valuation of this embedded derivative
was recorded with an offsetting gain/loss on derivative liability. 

Tainted stock warrants  

The Company also evaluated all outstanding
warrants and options to determine whether these instruments may be tainted. All warrants outstanding were considered tainted as
a result of the tainted equity environment and potential inability of the Company to settle the instruments with shares of the
Company s stock as the number of shares issuable cannot be estimated and could exceed that amount of authorized shares available
to be issued by the Company. The Company valued the embedded derivatives within the stock warrants using the Black-Scholes valuation
model.   

In 2015, we estimated the fair value of
the derivative using the Black-Scholes valuation method with assumptions including: (1) term of 0.21 to 7.58 years; (2) a computed
volatility rate of 372 to 787% (3) a discount rate of 1% and (4) zero dividends.  The valuation of this embedded derivative
was recorded with an offsetting gain/loss on derivative liability. 

In 2014, we estimated the fair value of
the derivative using the Black-Scholes valuation method with assumptions including: (1) term of 0.01 to 8.58 years; (2) a computed
volatility rate of 171 to 339% (3) a discount rate of 1% and (4) zero dividends.  The valuation of this embedded derivative
was recorded with an offsetting gain/loss on derivative liability. 

Activity for embedded derivative instruments during the year ended
November 30, 2015 was as follows: 

F-17 

Activity for embedded derivative instruments during the year ended
November 30, 2014 was as follows: 

6.        Pension Plans   

Defined Benefit Plan   

The Company received a letter dated July 27,
2011 from the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, ( PBGC ), stating that the Company s defined benefit pension
plan (the  Plan ) was terminated as of September 30, 2010, and the PBGC was appointed trustee of the Plan. Pursuant
to the agreement, the PBGC has a claim to the Company for the total amount of the unfunded benefit liabilities of the Plan of $1,614,001
plus accrued interest. The PBGC has notified the Company that the liability is due and payable as of the termination date, and
interest accrues on the unpaid balance at the applicable rate provided under Section 6621(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. The
total amount outstanding to the PBGC at November 30, 2015 and 2014 was $2,104,410 and $2,001,984, including accrued interest, which
is recorded as a current liability. The Company made no payments to the Plan in fiscal 2015 and 2014.  The Plan covers
approximately 40 former employees. 

Effective June 30, 1995, the Plan was frozen,
ceasing all benefit accruals and resulting in a plan curtailment.  As a result of the curtailment, it has been the Company s
policy to recognize the unfunded status of the Plan as of the end of the fiscal year with a corresponding charge or credit to earnings
for the change in the unfunded liability.   There was no pension expense recorded in fiscal years ended November 30,
2015 and 2014. 

On January 1, 2015, the Company executed a
settlement and release agreement with PBGC pursuant to which PBGC agreed to accept $100,000 in full satisfaction of all amounts
that had been due from the Company, which amounted to $2,001,984 at November 30, 2014. The Company agreed to pay the sum of $100,000
to PBGC in equal installments of $25,000 on January 31, 2015, April 30, 2015, July 31, 2015 and October 31, 2015. Upon receipt
of the settlement amount, the PBGC shall be deemed to have released the Company from any and all employer liability and fiduciary
responsibility. No installment payments have been made and the Company has not received a default notice from PBGC.   

7.        Stockholders 
Equity   

Issuance of common stock to settle debt  

During fiscal 2015, $309,170 of outstanding
debt and $39,100 of interest was converted into 2,328,556,212 shares of the Company s common stock, and the Company recognized
a gain of $1,535,614 in conjunction with the settlement of the underlying derivative liabilities. During fiscal 2014, $297,730
in outstanding debt was converted into 390,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock, and the Company recognized a gain of $213,961
in conjunction with the settlement of the underlying derivative liabilities. 

F-18 

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the
Company issued 88,889,500 shares of common stock as part of a settlement of a $10,000 judgment. 

During the first quarter of fiscal 2014, the
Company s chief executive officer converted $10,565 of outstanding debt into 5,000,000 shares of common stock. 

Outstanding Series of Preferred Stock   

Series D Preferred Stock  

On August 30, 2013, Pervasip issued 51 shares
of Series D Preferred Stock to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and another individual who was an officer at that time.
The Series D shares have dividend rights equal to common stock on a share-for-share basis, but no liquidation rights. Each share
of the Series D Preferred has voting rights equal to (x) 0.019607 multiplied by the total issued and outstanding shares of Common
Stock eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote (the  Numerator ), divided by (y) 0.49, minus (z) the Numerator
- i.e. the ratio of the voting power of the aggregate Series D shares to the aggregate Common Stock is 51 to 49. The Company is
required to redeem all shares of Series D Preferred, in cash, for $1.00 per share on the earlier to occur of (1) the first anniversary
of the date upon which all obligations of the Company to 112359 Factor Fund, LLC (and/or its assign(s)) have been satisfied in
full, or (2) December 31, 2019. 

Series E, F and G Preferred Stock  

On January 13, 2015, 10 shares of
Series E Preferred, 10,000,000 shares of Series F Preferred and 10,000,000 shares of Series G preferred were issued to our chief
executive officer in exchange for $100,000 in debt. The Series E Preferred has voting rights equal to 400% of the sum of the common
stock, Series D Preferred, Series F Preferred and Series G Preferred, but no dividend rights and no liquidation rights. The Series
E Preferred is convertible into the number of common shares equal to its voting rights. 

The Series F Preferred has voting
rights equal to 100 million common shares and a liquidation preference of $10,000,000 over junior securities. Each share of Series
F Preferred Stock is convertible by the holder into 250,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock. Shares of Series F Preferred
Stock are anti-dilutive to reverse splits, so that in the event of a reverse split, the shares are convertible into the same number
of common shares after the reverse split as would have been issued before the reverse split. The conversion rate of Series F Preferred
Stock, however, increases proportionately in the case of forward splits, and may not be diluted by a reverse split following a
forward split. 

The Series G Preferred has voting
rights equal to 10 million common shares and a liquidation preference of $10,000,000 over junior securities. Each share of Series
G Preferred Stock is convertible into 500 shares of the Company's Common Stock. Shares of Series G Preferred Stock are anti-dilutive
to reverse splits, so that in the event of a reverse split, the shares are convertible into the same number of common shares after
the reverse split as would have been issued before the reverse split. The conversion rate of Series G Preferred Stock, however,
increases proportionately in the case of forward splits, and may not be diluted by a reverse split following a forward split. 

Series H Preferred Stock  

Shares of Series H Preferred Stock
are convertible by the holder into shares of Common Stock. The conversion ratio is such that if all authorized shares of Series
H Preferred Stock are converted, the holder would own shares of Common Stock equal to 80% of the fully-diluted Common Shares. Each
share of Series H Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof, on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the
Company, to that number of votes as shall be equal to the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder's shares
of Series H Preferred Stock are convertible on the record date for the stockholder action. 

In the event that the Company s
Board of Directors declares a dividend payable to holders of any class of stock, the holder of each share of Series H Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive a dividend equal in amount and kind to that payable to the holder of the number of shares of
the Company s Common Stock into which that holder s Series H Preferred Stock could be converted on the record date
for the dividend. 

Upon the liquidation, dissolution
and winding up of the Company, the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive in cash out of the net
assets of the Company, whether from capital or from earnings available for distribution to its stockholders, before any amount
shall be paid to the holders of Common Stock or to the holders of any other class or series of equity stock, an amount equal to
eighty percent (80%) of said net assets multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of outstanding shares
of Series H Preferred Stock on the record date for the distribution and the denominator of which shall be the number of authorized
shares of Series H Preferred Stock. 

F-19 

Series I Preferred Stock  

Each share of Series I Preferred
Stock is convertible by the holder into shares of Common Stock at a conversion ratio equal to $10 divided by  the
conversion price, except that no conversion may result in the holder becoming the beneficial owner of more than 4.99% of the outstanding
common shares. The conversion price is one hundred percent (100%) of the average of the five (5) lowest closing bid prices
for the Common Stock during the ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the conversion date or other date of determination,
as quoted by Bloomberg, LP  

Each share of Series I Preferred
Stock shall entitle the holder thereof, on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Company, to that number of
votes as shall be equal to the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder's shares of Series I Preferred
Stock are convertible on the record date for the stockholder action without taking into account potential conversions of any other
convertible securities issued by the Company. 

The
Company s Board of Directors shall not declare a dividend payable to holders of any class of stock other than Series I Preferred
Stock until the Company shall have declared and paid dividends to the holders of Series I Preferred Stock   equal
in aggregate to the $10 Stated Value of the   outstanding shares of Series I Preferred Stock.  

Upon the liquidation, dissolution
and winding up of the Company, the holders of the Series I Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive in cash out of the net
assets of the Company, whether from capital or from earnings available for distribution to its stockholders, before any amount
shall be paid to the holders of common stock or to the holders of any other class or series of equity stock, an amount equal to
(a) $10 less (b) the amount of any dividends previously paid to the holders of the Series I Preferred Stock. 

A total of 175,000 and 100,000
shares of Series I preferred stock issued to TCA as advisory fees are redeemable upon the occurrence of certain events that are
outside the control of the company. These shares (and the common shares into which these shares may be converted, together,  Advisory
Fee Shares ) are also mandatorily redeemable in the event that TCA has not realized net proceeds from the sale of the Advisory
Fee Shares by the earlier of an event of default or on October 14, 2016 and November 18, 2016, for $175,000 and $100,000, respectively,
less cash proceeds received from prior sales of Advisory Fee Shares. The total redemption amount of $275,000 is being accreted
over the respective twelve month periods using the effective interest method. A total of $710 of preferred dividends were accreted
for the Series I Preferred Stock issued to TCA during the year ended November 30, 2015. 

Series J Preferred Stock  

There are no liquidation rights
associated with the Series J Preferred Stock. The Series J Preferred Stock is not convertible into any other class of stock. 

Upon the Company s receipt
of notice of a default or an event of default under or pursuant to any document or agreement executed by the Company and TCA Global
Credit Master Fund, LP ( TCA ), each share of the Series J Preferred Stock shall have voting rights equal to (x) 0.019607
 multiplied by  the total issued and outstanding Common Stock and Preferred Stock eligible to vote at the time of the respective
vote (the  Numerator ),  divided by  (y) 0.49,  minus  (z) the Numerator. Accordingly, the delivery of a
notice of default by TCA would give TCA voting control of the Company. 

Amendments to Increase Authorized Shares  

On April 14, 2014, the Company filed an amendment
to the Company s articles of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of New York (i) increasing the Company s
authorized common stock from one billion five hundred million (1,500,000,000) shares of common stock to eight billion nine hundred
seventy-eight million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety (8,978,999,990) shares of common stock; (ii) increasing
the number of shares of undesignated preferred stock from one million shares (1,000,000) to twenty-one million and ten shares (21,000,010);
and (iii) reducing the par value of the common stock and the preferred stock from $0.001 to $0.00001. 

Stock Options  

The Company issued contingent stock options
in October 2013 to a marketing consultant (the  Contingent Grant ) that granted an option to purchase 10 million shares
of the Company s common stock.  Under the Contingent Grant, stock options were granted at an exercise price of
$0.005 cents per share, which was in excess of the fair market value of the Company s stock on the date of grant. The Contingent
Grant expired on December 31, 2014.  These options were scheduled to vest based upon the marketing consultant exceeding
monthly sales targets, as defined in the Contingent Grant. The Company determined that the performance condition was not probable
of achievement, and accordingly, no compensation cost was recognized during the years ended November 30, 2015 and 2014. 

F-20 

The following tables summarize information about options outstanding at November 30, 2015 and 2014:  

The aggregate intrinsic value was $0 for both years ended November
30, 2015 and 2014.  

Warrants  

The following tables summarize information about warrants outstanding
at November 30, 2015 and 2014: 

F-21 

The aggregate intrinsic value was $0 for both year ended November
30, 2015 and 2014. 

Equity Incentive Plans and Restricted Stock
Award Plan  

On October 24, 1996, the shareholders of the
Company adopted the eLEC Communications Corp. 1996 Restricted Stock Award Plan (the  Restricted Stock Award Plan ).  An
aggregate of 40,000 shares of common stock of the Company have been reserved for issuance in connections with awards granted under
the Restricted Stock Award Plan.  Such shares may be awarded from either authorized and unissued shares or treasury shares.
The maximum number of shares that may be awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Plan to any individual officer or key employee
is 10,000.  No shares were awarded during fiscal 2015 and 2014. 

The Company s 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
(the  2007 Plan ) provides for the grant of up to 200,000 incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, tandem
stock appreciation rights, and stock appreciation rights of shares of common stock.  Under the 2007 Plan, incentive stock
options may be granted at no less than the fair market value of the Company s stock on the date of grant, and in the case
of an optionee who is an Affiliate, 110% of the market price on the date of grant.  As of November 30, 2015 and 2014,
152,500 option shares remain unissued. 

The Company s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
(the  2009 Plan ) provides for the grant of up to 500,000 incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, tandem
stock appreciation rights, and stock appreciation rights of shares of common stock.  Under the 2009 Plan, incentive stock
options may be granted at no less than the fair market value of the Company s stock on the date of grant, and in the case
of an optionee who is an Affiliate, 110% of the market price on the date of grant.  As of November 30, 2015 and 2014,
171,000 option shares remain unissued. 

The Company s 2010 Equity Incentive Plan
(the  2010 Plan ), as amended, provides for the grant of up to 25,000,000 incentive stock options, non-qualified stock
options, tandem stock appreciation rights, and stock appreciation rights of shares of common stock.  Under the 2010 Plan,
incentive stock options may be granted at no less than the fair market value of the Company s stock on the date of grant,
and in the case of an optionee who is an Affiliate, 110% of the market price on the date of grant.  The 2010 Plan was
amended in fiscal 2012 from 500,000 option shares to 25,000,000 option shares.  As of November 30, 2015 and 2014, 24,650,253
option shares remain unissued. 

The Company s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan
(the  2011 Plan ) provides for the grant of up to 20,000,000 incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options,
tandem stock appreciation rights, and stock appreciation rights of shares of common stock.  Under the 2011 Plan, incentive
stock options may be granted at no less than the fair market value of the Company s stock on the date of grant, and in the
case of an optionee who is an affiliate, 110% of the market price on the date of grant.  As of November 30, 2015 and
2014, 16,000,000 and 12,200,000 option shares, respectively remain unissued. 

The Company s Non-employee Director Stock
Option Plan provides for the grant of options to purchase 1,000 shares of the Company s common stock to each non-employee
director on the first business day following each annual meeting of the shareholders of the Company.  Under this Plan,
options may be granted at no less than the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 

F-22 

8.        Income Taxes   

The Company has accumulated net operating losses
of $24 million and $32 million for United States federal tax purposes at November 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively, some of which
may be limited in their utilization pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, and which may not be available entirely
for use in future years.  These losses expire in fiscal years 2020 through 2033. 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
used for income tax purposes.  Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of
November 30, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: 

The valuation allowance decreased to $9,430,000 at November 30,
2015 from $12,180,000 at November 30, 2014. 

The following is a reconciliation of the tax provisions for the
years ended November 30, 2015 and 2014 with the statutory Federal income tax rates: 

Under Section
108(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, the gain of approximately $3,868,000      in
fiscal 2015, that is attributable to debt forgiveness and settlement of liabilities is not included in taxable income of the Company
as the Company is deemed insolvent for tax purposes.  The Company s net operating loss carry forwards have been
reduced by the amount of non-taxable debt forgiveness.  

The Company did not have any material unrecognized
tax benefits as of November 30, 2015 and 2014. The Company does not expect the unrecognized tax benefits to significantly
increase or decrease within the next twelve months.  The Company recorded no interest and penalties relating to unrecognized
tax benefits as of and during the years ended November 30, 2015 and 2014.  The Company is subject to United States
federal income tax, as well as taxes by various state jurisdictions.  The Company is currently open to audit under the
statute of limitations by the federal and state jurisdictions for the years ending November 30, 2012 through 2015. 

9.        Fair Value Measurements   

The Company uses fair value measurements to
record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures of financial instruments
on a recurring basis. 

Fair Value Hierarchy   

The Fair Value Measurements Topic of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to
measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to measurements involving significant unobservable inputs (Level
3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1 
     inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date.  

Level 2 
     inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.  

Level 3 
     inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.  

F-23 

Determination of Fair Value   

Under the Fair Value Measurements Topic of
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, the Company bases its fair value on the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. It is the Company s
policy to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements,
in accordance with the fair value hierarchy. Fair value measurements for assets and liabilities where there exists limited or no
observable market data and, therefore, are based primarily upon management s own estimates, are often calculated based on
current pricing policy, the economic and competitive environment, the characteristics of the asset or liability and other such
factors. Therefore, the results cannot be determined with precision and may not be realized in an actual sale or immediate settlement
of the asset or liability. Additionally, there may be inherent weaknesses in any calculation technique, and changes in the underlying
assumptions used, including discount rates and estimates of future cash flows, that could significantly affect the results of current
or future value. 

Following is a description of valuation methodologies
used for assets and liabilities recorded at fair value and for estimating fair value where it is practicable to do so for financial
instruments not recorded at fair value (disclosures required by the Fair Value Measurements Topic of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification). 

Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts
payable   

In general, carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the
short maturity of these instruments. 

Debt   

At November 30, 2015 and 2014, long-term debt was carried at its
face value plus accrued interest due to the fact that the debt is fully callable by the lender.    Based on
the financial condition of the Company, it is impracticable for the Company to estimate the fair value of the short and long-term
debt. 

Restricted Securities and Liabilities Measured and Recognized
at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis   

The following table presents the amounts of available-for-sale securities
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of November 30, 2015 and 2014. 

The fair value of restricted securities are
measured with quoted prices in active markets. The fair value of the derivatives that are traded in less active over-the-counter
markets are generally measured using pricing models with no observable inputs.  These measurements are classified as
Level 3 within the fair value of hierarchy. 

The Company has no instruments with significant off balance sheet
risk. 

In 2015, we estimated the fair value of
the derivative using the Black-Scholes valuation method with assumptions including: (1) term of 0.01 to 5.5 years; (2) a computed
volatility rate of 372% (3) a discount rate of 1% and (4) zero dividends.  The valuation of this embedded derivative was recorded
with an offsetting gain/loss on derivative liability. 

In 2014, we estimated the fair value of
the derivative using the Black-Scholes valuation method with assumptions including: (1) term of 0.01 to 6.5 years; (2) a computed
volatility rate of 339% (3) a discount rate of 1% and (4) zero dividends.  The valuation of this embedded derivative was recorded
with an offsetting gain/loss on derivative liability. 

Fluctuations in the conversion discount percentage
have the greatest effect on the value of the conversion liabilities valuations during each reporting period. As the conversion
discount percentage increases for each of the related conversion liabilities instruments, the change in the value of the conversion
liabilities increases, therefore increasing the liabilities on the Company's balance sheet. The higher the conversion discount
percentage, the higher the liability. A 10% change in the conversion discount percentage would result in more than a $110,000 change
in our Level 3 fair value. 

F-24 

10.        Commitments
and Contingencies   

Operating Leases   

For its office space, the Company leases facilities
under an operating lease agreement that can be canceled on its anniversary date with 60-day advance notice. For its hydroponics
store, the lease obligation ended on February 19, 2016, when the Company s subsidiary turned over its leased space to its
landlord before the scheduled expiration date of June 30, 2016. 

Rent expense was $71,310 and $9,075 in fiscal
2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Litigation   

The Company is subject to legal proceedings
and claims that arise in the ordinary course of its business.  In the opinion of management, the amount of ultimate liability,
if any, is not likely to have a material effect on the financial condition, results of operations or liquidity of the Company.  However,
as the outcome of litigation or legal claims is difficult to predict, significant changes in the estimated exposures could occur. 

11.  Net Earnings Per Common Share   

Basic net income per share is computed by dividing
net income available to common stockholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of vested, unrestricted common shares outstanding
during the period (denominator). Diluted net income per share is computed on the basis of the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding plus the effect of dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the if-converted
method. Dilutive potential common shares include shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options, warrants and convertible
debt agreements. 

12.  Related Party Transactions   

At November 30, 2015 and 2014, the total amount
due to our chief executive officer, including loans, unpaid salary, interest and expenses amounted to $1,368,000 and $1,194,021,
respectively. 

At November 30, 2015, we owed $222,918 to a
company that is controlled by the entity that owns 60% of our voting control, via ownership of our Series H preferred stock. The
entity also received a consulting fee of 7,500 shares of Series I Preferred Stock, which we recorded as a consulting fee of $75,000. 

At November 30, 2014 the amount of unpaid salary
owed to our former chief information officer amounted to $20,000. This liability was settled on December 1, 2015 with the issuance
of a three-year warrant to purchase 20,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $0.001 per share. 

We paid fees to a software consulting firm
( Consultant ) of $126,500 in fiscal 2014. All such work performed by the Consultant became the property of the Company,
and was sold on September 30, 2014, as noted below.  Our former chief information officer performed work for the Consultant,
including disbursement services, in which funds that were remitted by the Company to a company controlled by the officer were subsequently
distributed for the Consultant to appropriate vendors. For services rendered to the Consultant, our chief information officer was
paid $ 6,000 in fiscal 2014. 

F-25 

On September 30, 2014, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company entered into a contract of sale to transfer certain assets and liabilities, including a copy of internally developed
mobile content delivery software to Vaxstar LLC (the  Buyer ). The Buyer simultaneously assigned the contract of sale
to Valuesetters, Inc. (the  Assignee ). The Buyer agreed to pay the Company 40,000,000 shares of common stock, par
value $0.001, of the Assignee, which are included in Marketable Securities at November 30, 2015 and 2014. Although we had negotiated
the details of the transaction with the Buyer before our chief information officer resigned from our Company, our former chief
information officer signed the purchase agreement as the Buyer s chief executive officer. We calculated a gain from the contract
of sale amounting to $779,645, and recorded this gain as an addition to paid-in capital because of the related-party nature of
the transaction.  

13.  Partial Sale of a Business   

Valuesetters, Inc. (the  Purchaser )
bought the   fixed overhead, including equipment and back office operations, the majority of the customers and a copy of the
source code (the  Partial Sale ) of Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, TelcoSoftware.com Corp. (the  Subsidiary ),
on September 30, 2014. The Subsidiary then became a wholesale customer of the Purchaser so that the Company could continue marketing
its cloud-based VoIP product without incurring the fixed overhead costs assumed by the Purchaser. The Subsidiary received 40 million
shares of common stock, or 8% of the outstanding shares of the Purchaser, which are valued at $220,000 and $1,040,000 at November
30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. As a result of the Partial Sale, the Company s revenues for the first quarter of fiscal
2015 are significantly diminished from the prior year. A comparison of the income statements of the Subsidiary for the years ended
November 30, 2015 and 2014 is as follows: 

The value of the marketable securities received by the Subsidiary
at September 30, 2014 was $440,000, as compared to $220,000 at November 30, 2015. 

14.  Acquisition
of Companies       

The Company acquired
90% of the equity of Canalytix on March 25, 2015 in exchange for 100,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock, and acquired 100%
of the equity of Plaid Canary Corporation ( PCC ) on July 1, 2015 in exchange for 500,000 shares of Series H Preferred
Stock. Due to a change in control resulting from the issuance of 500,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock, the acquisition of
PCC was treated as a reverse merger. PCC had no prior operations, except for a note payable of $627,000 and a note receivable of
$627,000 from a hydroponics store, Grow Big Supply, LLC ( GBS ). The shares of Series H Preferred Stock were valued
by an independent valuation company that analyzed the market value of shares if converted into common stock. On July 6, 2015, PCC
signed a forbearance agreement to cure defalts on the $627,000 note from GBS, and in conjunction with the forbearance, acquired
a 60% interest in GBS. The fair value assigned to the noncontrolling interest was $0. The intangible asset that resulted from a
purchase price in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired of both Canalytix and GBS was determined to be impaired,
and an impairment expense of $1,393,690 was recognized for the year ended November 30, 2015 .   A
presentation of the unaudited proforma income statements of the Company, had the acquisitions occurred at the beginning of the
2015 and 2014 fiscal years is as follows:  

F-26 

15.
Segment Information   

We determined our reporting units in accordance
with ASC 280,   Segment Reporting   ( ASC 280 ). We evaluate a reporting unit by first identifying
its operating segments under ASC 280. We then evaluate each operating segment to determine if it includes one or more components
that constitute a business. If there are components within an operating segment that meet the definition of a business, we evaluate
those components to determine if they must be aggregated into one or more reporting units. If applicable, when determining if it
is appropriate to aggregate different operating segments, we determine if the segments are economically similar and, if so, the
operating segments are aggregated. 

The Company s operations during the year
ended November 30, 2015 are classified into two reportable business segments: Telecom and cannabis-related activities. The Company
operated in one business segment in fiscal 2014. Each of these segments is organized based upon the nature of products and services
offered. Summarized financial information for fiscal 2015 for each segment is provided below: 

F-27 

16.  Subsequent Events   

Between December 1, 2015 and November
30, 2016 the Company issued 126,000,000 shares of restricted common stock as a finders fee in conjunction with the TCA financing
on October 14, 2015. 

 On August 24, 2016, Flux Carbon Corporation
agreed to return to the Company the 500,000 shares of Series H preferred stock that had been issued for the purchase of Plaid Canary
Corporation. 

 On January 26, 2016, the Company foreclosed
on the noncontrolling ownership, which amounted to 40%, of GBS. As of that date, GBS became a wholly-owned subsidiary. In February
2016, we were provided significant financial incentives from GBS s landlord to close the GBS store and we staged the contents
of the store so it could be moved to another location. We laid off our staff at the store, except for our Chief Science Officer
and Chief Operating Officer, and we moved our inventory to temporary storage while we searched for a location that would allow
us to perform scientific work in the cannabis industry. However, before the contents of the store was moved, a theft occurred that
was engineered by approximately 10 individuals. We submitted an insurance claim for approximately $296,000, based on the coverages
that were stated in our commercial theft insurance policy. The insurance company is offering a settlement of $25,000 based upon
the conclusion that a former employee engineered the theft. 

 In November 2016, we secured a verbal
agreement with a licensed grower and dispensary and we moved inventory from our storage into its warehouse. As a result of our
inability to continue operating GBS in manner similar to our fiscal 2015 operations, our sales in 2016 for GBS are limited to
approximately $280,000. 

 On September 20, 2016, the Company
received a demand for payment from TCA Global Credit Master Fund, L.P. (the  TCA Fund ) of $1,164,460.50 pursuant
to a Senior Secured Convertible Redeemable Debenture, dated June 30, 2015, and effective October 14, 2015; a Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated and effective the same, and that Promissory Note, dated and effective the same; a Senior Secured Convertible
Redeemable Debenture, dated June 30, 2015, and effective October 14, 2015; and a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 30,
2015 and effective November 18, 2015. TCA Fund has also filed suit in the state of Florida to collect this past due amount, plus
interest that continues to accrue at the rate of $323.66 per day until the obligation is satisfied. 

 The Company is negotiating to restructure the debt and on November
23, 2016 signed a non-binding term sheet with the TCA Fund to borrow $5,000,000 under a secured debenture facility. 

F-28 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 exhibit_4-2.htm
 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE DATED NOVEMBER 18, 2015

Exhibit
4.2   

THE
ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS DEBENTURE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN
THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE
SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.   

PERVASIP
CORP.   

SENIOR SECURED, CONVERTIBLE,
REDEEMABLE DEBENTURE  

Dated 
 as   of: June 30, 2015 Principal Amount: 
 $100,000.00  

  Effective 
 Date:   November 18, 2015  

  Maturity 
 Date: November 18, 2016  

This 
SENIOR  SECURED, CONVERTIBLE REDEEMABLE DEBENTURE   (the 
    Debenture   )   is 
 issued,   dated   as of 
 June 30, 2015   and   effective 
 as of  November [ ], 2015  (the    Effective Date   ), 
 by PERVASIP CORP., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of New York 
 (the    Company   ), to TCA GLOBAL CREDIT MASTER FUND, LP,
a   limited partnership organized and existing under the laws of the Cayman Islands (together
with   its permitted successors and   assigns,
the    Holder   ) pursuant to exemptions from registration under 
 the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. This Debenture is issued in connection with that certain Securities Purchase Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Holder (the    Purchase Agreement   ).
All capitalized terms used in this Debenture and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Purchase
Agreement.  

ARTICLE
I  

Section 
 1.01   Principal and Interest.   For value 
 received,   the Company hereby promises   to
pay to   the order of the Holder, by no later than November [ ], 2016 (the    Maturity
Date   ), in immediately available and lawful money 
 of the United States of   America, One Hundred Thousand and No/100 United States
Dollars   ($100,000.00),   together with 
 interest on the outstanding principal amount   under this Debenture, at 
 the   rate   of eighteen percent (18%)
per annum   simple   interest 
 (the    Interest   Rate   ) 
 from the Effective Date, until paid, as more specifically provided below.  

Section
1.02   Optional Redemption Prior to Maturity  . The 
 Company, at its option, shall have the right to   redeem this 
 Debenture in full and for cash, at any time prior to the Maturity Date, with three 
 (3) business   days advance   written 
 notice   (the      Redemption    Notice     )
to the Holder. The amount required   to   redeem
this Debenture in full pursuant to this Section 1.02 shall be equal to: (i) the aggregate principal 
 amount then   outstanding   under 
 this Debenture;   plus all accrued   and 
 unpaid interest due under   this Debenture 
 as of the redemption   date;   plus 
 (ii) all other costs, fees and charges due   and 
 payable hereunder   or under any   other
 Transaction Documents  (as   hereinafter defined) (collectively, the    Redemption
Amount   ). The Company   shall deliver
the Redemption Amount to the Holder on the third (3rd) business day after   the date
of the   Redemption   Notice.   

Section
1.03   Mandatory Redemption at Maturity  . On the 
 Maturity Date, the Company shall redeem   this Debenture for the Redemption Amount,
which Redemption Amount shall be due and payable   to the Holder by no later than 2:00
P.M., EST, on the Maturity Date.  

Section
1.04   Payments  .  

(1)     
    Monthly   Payments  .
The Company shall make monthly payments   of principal and interest 
 to the Holder,    while this Debenture is outstanding, until the Maturity 
 Date,   based on   the payment and amortization
schedule attached hereto as   Schedule   A  .
In the event such day is not   a Business Day, then said payment shall be 
 due   on the   first Business 
 Day   thereafter occurring  .   

(2)       
    Interest   Calculations; 
 Payment   Application  . 
 Interest   shall be calculated on the basis of a 
 360-day year, and   shall   accrue 
 daily   on the outstanding   principal
amount outstanding from time to time for the   actual number of days 
 elapsed,   commencing on the   Effective
Date until payment   in full of the   outstanding
principal, together   with   all accrued and
unpaid   interest and other amounts which may become due 
 hereunder   or under any Transaction   Documents,
has been made. All   payments received and   actually
collected   by Holder hereunder shall be applied 
 first   to any   costs and expenses 
 due or incurred hereunder   or under any other Transaction Documents, second to accrued
and   unpaid interest hereunder, and last to   reduce
the outstanding principal balance of this   Debenture.   

(3)      
    Late Fee  . If all 
 or   any portion   of the 
 payments   of   principal, interest or 
 other charges   due hereunder are not received 
 by the Holder within five (5)   days   of
the   date such payment is due, then   the
Company shall pay to the Holder   a late charge (in addition to any other remedies that
Holder may have) equal to five   percent (5%) of each 
 such unpaid payment   or sum. Any payments 
 returned to Holder   for   any reason
must be   covered by wire transfer   of immediately
available funds to   an   account designated
by Holder, plus   a $100.00 administrative fee   charge. 
 Holder shall have no responsibility   or liability 
 for   payments purportedly made hereunder   but
not actually received   by Holder;   and the
Company   shall not be discharged from the   obligation
to   make such payments   due to 
 loss of same in the mails or   due to any other excuse or justification ultimately
involving facts   where such payments were   not 
 actually received by Holder.   

Section
1.05.   Manner of Payments  . All sums   payable 
 to the order of Holder hereunder shall be   payable by ACH 
 transfer   of   lawful dollars of the 
 United States of America   to   the ACH
instructions set forth below,   or at   such
place as Holder, from time to   time, may designate in writing. ACH Instructions for
all sums due and payable hereunder are as follows:   

ARTICLE
II  

Section
2.01   Secured Nature of Debenture.   This 
 Debenture   is being   issued 
 in connection   with the Purchase Agreement. The indebtedness evidenced by this
Debenture   is secured   by all of the 
 assets and property of   the Company and various other instruments and documents
referred to   in the Purchase Agreement   as
the    Transaction Documents   . 
 All   of the agreements, conditions, covenant s   ,
  provisions, representations,     warranties
and stipulations contained   in any of the   Transaction
Documents which are to be   kept and performed   by
the Company   are hereby made a part of   this
Debenture to the same extent and with the same force and effect as   if 
 they were fully   set forth herein, and the Company 
 covenants and agrees to keep and perform them, or cause them to be kept or performed, strictly in accordance with 
 their terms.  

ARTICLE
III  

Section
3.01   Events of Default  . The   occurrence
of any of   the   following 
 events shall constitute an      Event of Default   
hereunder: (i) the   Company shall fail to pay any interest  ,
  principal or other charges due   under 
 this Debenture   or   any other 
 Transaction Documents on the date when   any such payment 
 shall be due and payable; (ii) the   Company makes an 
 assignment for the benefit of creditors; (iii) any   order or decree is rendered 
 by a court which   appoints or requires the appointment of a 
 receiver, liquidator   or trustee for the 
 Company, and the order or decree is not vacated within thirty   (30) 
 days from the   date   of entry thereof;
(iv) any order   or decree   is rendered by 
 a   court adjudicating   the 
 Company insolvent, and the   order or decree is not vacated within thirty 
 (30) days from the   date   of entry thereof; 
 (v) the Company   files a petition in bankruptcy under the provisions of any bankruptcy
law or any insolvency act; (vi) the Company admits, in writing, its   inability to 
 pay its debts as   they become due; (vii) a proceeding or 
 petition in bankruptcy   is filed   against 
 the   Company and   such proceeding 
 or petition   is not dismissed within   thirty
(30) days from the date it is filed; (viii) the   Company files a petition 
 or answer seeking reorganization or arrangement under the bankruptcy   laws 
 or any law or   statute   of 
 the   United States or   any other 
 foreign   country or   state; (ix)  any
written warranty, representation, certificate or statement of the Company and/or Guarantors in this Debenture, the Purchase Agreement
or any other Transaction Document or any other agreement with Holder shall be false or misleading in any material respect when
made or deemed made;   and (x) the 
 Company shall fail to   perform, comply with or abide by any 
 of the stipulations, agreements, conditions   and/or covenants contained in this
Debenture, the Purchase Agreement or any   of the other Transaction 
 Documents on the part of the Company to be performed complied with or abided by, and 
 such   failure continues or remains uncured for ten 
 (10) days following written notice   from the Holder 
 to the Company. 

Section
3.02   Remedies  . Upon the   occurrence
of   an   Event of 
 Default that   is not   timely cured within
an   applicable   cure period hereunder, 
 the   interest   on this 
 Debenture shall immediately accrue at an   interest rate equal 
 to the greater of twenty-two percent (22%) per annum or the maximum interest rate allowable by law,   and,
in   addition to all other rights or remedies the Holder 
 may have, at   law or in   equity, 
 the Holder may, in   its sole   discretion, 
 accelerate full repayment   of all principal amounts outstanding hereunder, 
 together with accrued interest   thereon, together 
 with all attorneys  fees, paralegals    fees and costs and expenses 
 incurred   by the Holder in collecting or 
 enforcing payment hereof (whether such fees, costs or   expenses are incurred 
 in negotiations, all trial and appellate levels,   administrative 
 proceedings, bankruptcy proceedings or otherwise),   and together with 
 all other sums due by   the Company   hereunder 
 and under the Transaction   Documents, all 
 without   any relief whatsoever from any valuation 
 or appraisement laws, and payment thereof may be   enforced 
 and   recovered   in 
 whole   or in part at any time   by one 
 or more of the   remedies   provided
to   the   Holder at law, in equity, or 
 under this Debenture or any of the other Transaction Documents. In connection with the Holder s rights hereunder upon
an Event of Default,   the   Holder 
 need not provide,   and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest
or   other   notice of any 
 kind, and the   Holder may immediately enforce any and 
 all of its   rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to
it in equity or under applicable   law.  

ARTICLE IV 

Section
4.01  Usury Savings Clause .   Notwithstanding any 
 provision in this Debenture or the other Transaction Documents   to the 
 contrary, the total liability for   payments of interest and payments in the nature 
 of interest,   including,   without 
 limitation, all charges, fees,   exactions, or other sums which may at any time
be deemed to be interest,   shall not exceed the limit imposed by the usury 
 laws of the jurisdiction governing   this Debenture or any other applicable 
 law. In the event the total liability of payments of interest and payments in the nature of interest, including, without 
 limitation,   all charges, fees,   exactions
or other sums which   may at any time   be deemed
to   be interest, shall, for any reason   whatsoever, 
 result   in   an 
 effective   rate of interest, which for any month or other interest payment period
exceeds the limit imposed by   the   usury 
 laws of the jurisdiction governing this Debenture,   all sums in excess of those
lawfully   collectible as interest for the period in question shall, without 
 further agreement or notice   by, between, or to any party hereto, be applied 
 to the   reduction of   the outstanding
principal   balance   due hereunder immediately 
 upon receipt of such sums by   the Holder hereof, with the same 
 force and effect   as though the Company had specifically designated such excess
sums to be so   applied to the reduction of the principal balance 
 then   outstanding,   and 
 the Holder hereof   had agreed to   accept
such sums as a penalty-free   payment   of
principal; provided, however, that the Holder may, at   any time and from time to time,
elect, by   notice in writing   to the Company,
to waive, reduce,   or   limit the collection
of   any sums in excess of those lawfully collectible 
 as interest,   rather   than 
 accept such sums as a prepayment of the   principal balance 
 then outstanding.   It is the intention of 
 the parties that the   Company does not intend 
 or expect to pay, nor   does the   Holder 
 intend or expect to charge   or collect   any
interest   under this Debenture   greater 
 than   the highest non-usurious rate of   interest
which may be charged under applicable law. 

ARTICLE V 

Section
5.01  No Exemption . The Company   hereby waives and 
 releases all benefit that might accrue to the Company by virtue   of any present
or future laws exempting any property   that may serve 
 as   security   for 
 this Debenture, or   any other property, 
 real or personal, or   any part of the   proceeds
arising   from any sale   of 
 any such   property, from attachment,   levy,
or sale under   execution, exemption from civil process,   or 
 extension   of time for   payment; and
the Company agrees   that any property that   may
be levied upon pursuant to a judgment   obtained by virtue hereof, on any 
 writ   of execution issued thereon,   may
be sold upon any such writ in whole   or in part in any order or manner desired by Holder.  

Section
5.02     Exercise   of Remedies  . 
 The   remedies of   the Holder as 
 provided   herein and in any of the other Transaction Documents shall be 
 cumulative and   concurrent   and may
be pursued singly, successively or together, at the sole   discretion of the Holder,
and may   be exercised as often as occasion   therefor
shall occur; and the failure   to exercise any such right 
 or remedy shall in no event be construed as a waiver or release thereof.  

Section
5.03     Waivers  . 
 The   Company and all others who are, or may become liable 
 for the payment hereof:   (i) severally   waive
presentment   for payment, demand, notice of nonpayment or dishonor, 
 protest and   notice   of protest of
this Debenture   or any other Transaction   Documents,
and   all   other notices in connection 
 with the   delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement 
 of the   payment of this   Debenture
and the other   Transaction Documents, except as specifically 
 provided in this Debenture   or any other Transaction Document; 
 (ii) expressly consent to all extensions of time,   renewals or postponements of
time of payment of this Debenture   and any other Transaction 
 Documents   from time to time prior to or after the maturity of this 
 Debenture without notice,   consent or further consideration to any 
 of   the foregoing; (iii) expressly agree 
 that the   Holder shall not   be 
 required first to institute any suit,   or to exhaust its remedies against the 
 Company or   any other person   or party
to become liable   hereunder or against any collateral that may 
 secure this Debenture   in order to enforce 
 the payment of this Debenture; and   (iv) expressly agree that, 
 notwithstanding   the occurrence of any of the foregoing (except 
 the express written release by   the Holder 
 of any such person),   the undersigned   shall
be   and remain, directly and primarily liable for 
 all sums due under this Debenture.  

Section
5.04   No Waiver  . Holder shall not   be 
 deemed, by any act   of omission or commission, to 
 have waived any   of its rights or remedies hereunder unless such 
 waiver   is   in writing and 
 signed by Holder,   and then   only to
the   extent   specifically set forth in the
writing. A waiver   on one event   shall not
be construed as continuing or as   a bar to   or 
 waiver   of any right or remedy to a subsequent 
 event.  

ARTICLE
VI  

Section
6.01   Notice  . Any notices,   consents,
waivers, or other communications required or permitted to   be given under 
 the terms of this   Debenture must be   in
writing and in each case properly addressed to the   party to receive the same in accordance 
 with the   information below, and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) 
 if mailed by certified   mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid and properly
addressed   to the address below,   then 
 three   (3) business days   after 
 deposit of   same in a   regularly 
 maintained U.S. Mail receptacle; or (ii)   if 
 mailed   by Federal Express,   UPS 
 or   other nationally recognized overnight courier service, next business morning
delivery, then one (1)   business day after deposit of same in a 
 regularly maintained receptacle of such overnight   courier; or (iii) if hand
delivered, then   upon hand   delivery thereof
to the   address indicated on   or 
 prior to 5:00   p.m   .,   EST, 
 on a business day. Any notice hand delivered   after 5:00 p.m., EST, 
 shall be deemed delivered   on   the
following business day. Notwithstanding the foregoing,   notice, consents, waivers or 
 other communications   referred to in   this
Debenture may be sent by facsimile, e-mail, or   other method of delivery, but shall
be deemed to   have been delivered only   when 
 the   sending party   has 
 confirmed (by reply   e-mail or some other form of 
 written confirmation from the receiving party) that the notice has   been received
by the other party. The addresses and facsimile numbers   for such communications 
 shall be as set forth   below, unless   such 
 address   or information   is changed 
 by   a notice conforming to the requirements hereof.  

If to the Company: 
     Pervasip Corp.  

430 North Street  
 
     White Plains, NY 10605 

Attention:  Paul H. Riss 

E-Mail: phriss@canalytix.com  

With a copy to: 
     Kevin Kreisler, Esq.   
 
     (which shall not constitute notice) 
     5950 Shiloh Road East, Suite N   

Alpharetta, GA 33305  

E-Mail: kkreisler@gmail.com  

If to the Holder: 
     TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP  

3960 Howard Hughes Parkway, Suite 500  

Las Vegas, NV 89196  

Attn: Mr. Robert Press  

E-Mail:  bpress@tcaglobalfund.com  

With a copy to: 
     Lucosky Brookman LLP  
 
     (which shall not constitute notice) 
     101 Wood Avenue South, 5 th  Floor   

Woodbridge, NJ 08830  

Attn: Seth A. Brookman, Esq.  

E-Mail:  sbrookman@lucbro.com  

Section
6.02     Governing Law and Venue  . 
 The Company   and   Holder each 
 irrevocably agrees that any dispute arising under, relating to, or in connection with, directly 
 or indirectly, this Debenture   or related 
 to any matter which   is the subject of or incidental to this Debenture (whether
or not such claim is based upon breach of contract or   tort) shall be subject to the
exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and/or federal courts located in Broward County, Florida. This provision is intended
to be a  mandatory  forum   selection clause and governed by and interpreted
consistent with Florida law.   The Company   and 
 Holder each   hereby consents to the exclusive jurisdiction 
 and venue of   any   state or 
 federal court having its situs   in said   county,
and each waives any objection based on forum non   conveniens. The Company hereby 
 waives personal service of any   and all process and 
 consent that all such service of process may be made by certified mail, return receipt requested, directed 
 to   the Company, as set forth   herein 
 in   the manner   provided by 
 applicable statute, law, rule   of   court
or otherwise.   Except for   the 
 foregoing mandatory forum selection   clause, all terms 
 and provisions hereof   and the rights and 
 obligations of   the Company   and 
 Holder hereunder shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the 
 laws of the State of Nevada, without   reference to conflict of 
 laws principles.  

Section 6.03  Severability .
In the event any one or more of the provisions of this Debenture shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable,
in whole or in part, in any respect, or in the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Debenture operates or would
prospectively operate to invalidate this Debenture, then and in any of those events, only such provision or provisions shall be
deemed null and void and shall not affect any other provision of this Debenture. The remaining provisions of this Debenture shall
remain operative and in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, prejudiced, or disturbed thereby. 

Section 6.04  Entire
Agreement and Amendments . This Debenture, together with the other Transaction Documents represents the entire agreement between
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no representations, warranties or commitments,
except as set forth herein and therein. This Debenture may be amended only by an instrument in writing executed by the parties
hereto. 

Section 6.05  Binding
Effect . This Debenture shall be binding upon the Company and the successors and assigns of the Company and shall inure to the
benefit of the Holder and the successors and assigns of the Holder. 

Section 6.06  Assignment .
The Holder may from time to time sell or assign, in whole or in part, or grant participations in, this Debenture and/or the obligations
evidenced hereby without the consent of the Company. The holder of any such sale, assignment or participation, if the applicable
agreement between Holder and such holder so provides, shall be: (i) entitled to all of the rights obligations and benefits of Holder
(to the extent of such holder s interest or pa1ticipation); and (ii) deemed to hold and may exercise the rights of setoff
or banker s lien with respect to any and all obligations of such holder to the Company (to the extent of such holder s interest
or participation), in each case as fully as though the Company was directly indebted to such holder. Holder may in its discretion
give notice to the Company of such sale, assignment or participation; however, the failure to give such notice shall not affect
any of Holder s or such holder s rights hereunder. 

Section 6.07  Lost
or Mutilated Debenture . If this Debenture shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed the Company shall execute and deliver,
in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Debenture or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen
or destroyed Debenture a new Debenture for the principal amount of this Debenture so mutilated, lost stolen or destroyed, but only
upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory
to the Company. 

Section
6.08   WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL  .  THE COMPANY 
 HEREBY   KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, INTENTIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT
TO A   TRIAL BY JURY   WITH RESPECT TO ANY 
 LITIGATION BASED ON THIS DEBENTURE,   OR ARISING OUT 
 OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS DEBENTURE OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION   DOCUMENTS,
OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE   OF DEALING,   STATEMENTS 
 (WHETHER VERBAL   OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS 
 OF OR BETWEEN ANY PARTY   HERETO,   AND
THE COMPANY AGREES   AND CONSENTS TO   THE
GRANTING TO HOLDER   OF RELIEF FROM ANY STAY ORDER 
 WHICH MIGHT BE ENTERED   BY ANY COURT  AGAINST HOLDER AND TO ASSIST HOLDER
IN OBTAINING SUCH RELIEF. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR HOLDER ACCEPTING THIS DEBENTURE FROM THE COMPANY. THE COMPANY S
REASONABLE RELIANCE UPON SUCH INDUCEMENT I HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGED.  

Section 
 6.09  NON-US STATUS . THE HOLDER IS A NON-US PERSON   AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED
IN T H E   UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE 
 CODE. IT IS HEREBY AGREED   AND UNDERSTOOD THAT THE OBLIGATIONS 
 HEREUNDER MAY BE   SOLD ONLY TO   NON-U.S.
PERSON. THE INTEREST PAYABLE HEREUND E R IS PAYABLE ONLY OUTSIDE THE UNITED 
 STATES. ANY U.S. PERSON WHO   HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION  W ILL
BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER   THE UNITED   STATES
INCOME TAX LAW. BY ACCEPTING THIS OBLIGATION, THE HOLDER REPRESENTS AND WARRANT THAT IT IS NOT A UNIT E D
STATES PERSON   (OTHER THAN AN EXEMPT RECIPIENT DESCRIBED IN SEC 6049(8)(4) 
OF THE  INTERNAL REVENUE CODE AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER) AND THAT IT IS NOT ACTING FOR OR ON BEHALF 
 OF A UNITED STATE PERSON (OTHER THAN AN EXEMPT RECIPIENT   DESCRIBED 
I N SEC. 6049(B)(4) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE AND   THE REGULATIONS THEREUNDER ).  

ARTICLE
VII  

Section
7.01  Conversion of Debenture .   At   any
time and from time   to   time while this Debenture
is outstanding on or   after the Closing Date, at the sole option of the Holder upon the 
 occurrence   of   an Event   of
  Default,   this   Debenture 
 may be,     convertible into 
 shares   of   the 
 Company s   common stock, $ 0.00001    par
  value     per 
   s  hare   (the     C    ommon
Stock    )   in   accordance 
 with the   terms and   conditions set forth in
this Article VII.  

(1)                   
   Voluntary      Conversion   .
At any time   while   this   Debenture
is outstanding on or after   the Closing Date, at the sole option of the Holder upon
the   occurrence   of   an
Event   of   Default,   the
Holder   may   convert   all
or any portion of the   out s tanding princ i pal
accrued and unpaid   interest   and 
 any other sums due and payable     hereund  e  r
  or under   any of   the
  other Transaction   Documents   (such
total amount, the       Conversion Amount  )
  into shares   of Common Stock of the   Co  mpany
  (the   Conversion Shares  ) at a     price 
   equal to: (i)   the 
   Conversion Amount (the     numerator)  ;
   divided     b  y 
    (ii) eighty-five percent (85%) of the lowest of the average   daily
  volume weighted average price   of   the
  Company   s Common Stock 
 during   the   five 
 (5) trading   days immediately   prior to the 
 Conversion   Date     (as
  d  efine  d 
 below),   as   indicated 
 in   the convers  ion   notice
(in the form attached     hereto   as
Exhibit  B  the       C    onversion
  Notice    ) (the   d  enom  inator)
  (the     Conversion Price    ).
 T   he   Holder   s  hall
  s  ubmit   a Conversion
Notice     indicating 
   the amount of the   Debenture 
 being   converted and the   number   of
Conversion Shares   issuable upon   such conversion, and   where
  the Conversion Shares should   be 
 delivered.  

(2)                  
    The Holder s   Convers    ion
  L  imitations   . 
   The Company shall   not 
 affect any   conversion   of this Debenture, and 
 the   Holder   shall 
   not have the   right to convert any portion 
 of this Debenture, to the extent that   after   giving
  effect   to the conversion set forth 
 on the Conversion Notice submitted   by the Holder, the Holder (together 
 with   the Holder s affiliates (as 
 defined herein)   and any   Persons 
 acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the   Holder s affiliates)
would   beneficially   own 
 in excess   of the Beneficial Ownership   Limitation
(as defined herein). To ensure compliance   with this restriction, prior to delivery 
 of any Conversion Notice, the Holder shall have the right to   request that the 
 Company provide   to the Holder   a
written statement of the percentage ownership   of the 
 Company s Common   Stock that   would
by beneficially   owned by   the Holder 
 and its affiliates   in the Company if the Holder 
 converted such portion of this Debenture then intended to   be converted by Holder.
The Company shall, within two (2) business   days of such request, provide Holder 
 with the requested   information   in
a written statement, and the Holder   shall be   entitled
to rely on such written statement from the Company in issuing its   Conversion Notice
and   ensuring that   its ownership of the Company s
Common Stock is not   in   excess of the Beneficial 
 Ownership Limitation. The restriction described in this Section   may be waived
by Holder, in whole or in   part, upon   notice
from the Holder to   the Company. For purposes   of 
 this Debenture, the   Beneficial Ownership Limitation    shall  be
4.99%   of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect 
 to the   issuance of   shares of 
 Common Stock issuable upon conversion   of this Debenture. The limitations contained
in this Section shall apply to any successor holder of   this Debenture. For purposes
of this Debenture,   Person     means an individual, a 
 limited liability company,   a partnership, a joint 
 venture, a corporation, a trust, an   unincorporated organization 
 or a government or any department or agency thereof.  

(3)                   
    Mechanics of Conversion  . The conversion
of   this Debenture shall be conducted in the following manner:   

(a)               
    Holder s Delivery Requirements.  
To   convert this Debenture into shares of Common Stock on any date set forth in the
Conversion Notice by the Holder (the    Conversion Date   ), the
Holder shall   transmit by facsimile or electronic mail (or otherwise deliver) a copy
of the fully   executed Conversion Notice to the 
 Company (or, under certain circumstances as set forth below, by   delivery of
the Conversion Notice to the Company s transfer agent).   

(b)              
    Company s Response  . Upon receipt 
 by the Company of a   copy of a Conversion 
 Notice, the Company shall as soon as practicable, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days after receipt 
 of such Conversion   Notice, send, via facsimile or electronic mail (or otherwise
deliver) a confirmation of receipt of such Conversion   Notice 
 (the    Conversion Confirmation   ) 
 to the    Holder   indicating 
 that the Company will   process such   Conversion
Notice in accordance with the terms   herein. In the 
 event the   Company fails to issue its Conversion Confirmation within said two (2) 
 Business   Day time   period, the Holder 
 shall have   the absolute and irrevocable right and authority to deliver the fully 
 executed Conversion Notice to the Company s transfer agent, and   pursuant
to the   terms of   the Purchase Agreement,
the Company s   transfer agent shall issue the applicable 
 Conversion Shares to Holder   as hereby   provided.
Within five (5) Business Days   after the date of the Conversion Confirmation (or 
 the date of the Conversion Notice, if the Company fails to issue the Conversion Confirmation), provided that the Company s
transfer agent is   participating in the Depository 
 Trust Company (   DTC   ) Fast Automated Securities Transfer
(   FAST   ) program,   the
Company shall cause the transfer agent to (or,   if 
 for any reason the Company fails to instruct or cause its transfer agent   to
so   act,   then pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
the Holder may request and require the Company s transfer agent   to) electronically 
 transmit the applicable   Conversion   Shares
to which   the Holder   shall be entitled 
 by   crediting the   account of 
 the Holder s prime broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent   Commission
(   DWAC   ) system, and provide 
 proof   satisfactory to   the Holder 
 of such delivery. In the   event   that
the   Company s transfer agent is not   participating
in   the DTC FAST program and is not   otherwise
DWAC eligible (or in the event the Holder otherwise   requests)  ,
  within five   (5) Business Days 
 after the date   of the Conversion Confirmation (or the date 
 o  f   the Conversion Notice, if 
 the Company fails   to issue the Conversion 
 Confirmation), the Company shall instruct and cause its transfer agent to (or,   if
for any reason the Company fails to instruct or cause its transfer   agent 
 to   so act, then pursuant   to the Purchase
Agreement, the Holder may request and require the Company s transfer agent   to)
issue and surrender to   a nationally recognized overnight 
 courier for delivery to the address specified   in the Conversion Notice, a certificate,
registered in the name of   the Holder   or 
 its   nominee, for   the number of Conversion
Shares to   which the   Holder shall be entitled.
To effect conversions   hereunder, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Debenture to the Company unless   the   entire 
 principal amount   of this Debenture, plus all accrued and 
 unpaid interest thereon   and other sums due hereunder, has been so converted. 
 Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering   the outstanding principal
amount of this Debenture in an amount   equal to 
 the   applicable Conversion Amount.   The
Holder and   the Company shall maintain records showing the principal amount(s) converted
and the date of such conversion(s). The Holder, and   any 
 assignee by acceptance   of   this 
 Debenture, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions   of this 
 paragraph, following conversion of a portion   of 
 this Debenture, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Debenture may   be 
 less   than   the amount stated on the
face hereof.  

(c)                
    Record Holder  . 
 The   Person(s)   entitled to receive
the shares of Common Stock   issuable   upon 
 a conversion of this Debenture shall be treated   for all purposes 
 as the record   holder(s) of such shares of Common Stock as 
 of the Conversion Date.   

(d)                   
   Failure to Deliver Certificates . If in the case of any Conversion Notice, the certificate
or certificates are not delivered to or as directed by the Holder by the date required hereby, the Holder shall be entitled to
elect by written notice to the Company at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates, to rescind such
Conversion Notice, in which event the Company shall promptly return to the Holder any original Debenture delivered to the Company
and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company the Common Stock certificates representing the principal amount of this Debenture
unsuccessfully tendered for conversion to the Company.  

(e)                
    Obligation Absolute; Partial 
 Liquidated   Damages.   The Company s
obligations   to issue and   deliver the Conversion
Shares upon   conversion of this Debenture in accordance 
 with the   terms hereof   are absolute
and unconditional   ,   irrespective 
 of   any   action 
 or inaction by the Holder   to enforce the 
 same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof,   the recovery 
 of any judgment   against any person or   entity
or   any   action to 
 enforce   the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination,
or any breach or alleged breach by   the Holder 
 or any   other person or entity of any obligation to the 
 Company   or any violation or alleged   violation
of   law by   the Holder or any other 
 person or entity, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company
to the Holder in connection with the   issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided,
however, that such   delivery   shall not 
 operate as a waiver   by   the Company
of any   such action the Company   may have against
the Holder   .     In 
 the   ev  e  nt
the Holder of this   Debenture shall elect   to
 convert any or all of the outstanding principal amount hereof and accrued but unpaid interest thereon in accordance with
the terms of this Debenture, the Company may not refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated
with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court,
on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or part of this Debenture shall have been sought and obtained,
and the Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 150% of the outstanding principal amount of
this Debenture being converted, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence
of such injunction, the Company shall issue Conversion Shares upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company fails for any
reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates representing Conversion Shares pursuant to timing and delivery
requirements of this Debenture, the Company shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for
each $1,000 of principal amount being converted, $1.00 per day for each day after the date by which such certificates should have
been delivered until such certificates are delivered. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue actual damages
or declare an Event of Default pursuant to this Debenture or any agreement securing the indebtedness under this Debenture for the
Company s failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right to
pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant
to any other Section hereof or under applicable law. Nothing herein shall prevent the Holder from having the Conversion Shares
issued directly by the Company s transfer agent in accordance with the Purchase Agreement, in the event for any reason the
Company fails to issue or deliver, or cause its transfer agent to issue and deliver, the Conversion Shares to the Holder upon exercise
of Holder s conversion rights hereunder. 

(f)           
    Transfer Taxes  . The issuance 
 of   certificates for   shares of the
Common Stock on conversion of this Debenture shall   be 
 made without charge   to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp 
 or   similar taxes,   or any other 
 issuance   or transfer fees of any nature 
 or   kind that may be payable   in respect
of the issue or delivery   of such certificates, any such taxes or fees, if payable,
to be paid by the Company.   

(4)                 
    Reservation of Common Stock  . Beginning
on the ninetieth (90 th ) day following the First Closing Date, the he Company shall take all action necessary to at all
times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of issuance, three (3) times such number of shares of Common Stock as shall
be necessary to effect the full conversion of the Debenture in accordance with its terms (the    Share Reserve   ). 
If upon receipt of a conversion notice from the Holder, the Share Reserve is insufficient to effect the full conversion of the
Debenture then outstanding, the Company shall increase the Share Reserve accordingly.  If the Company does not have sufficient
authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock available to increase the Share Reserve, the Company shall cause its authorized
and unissued shares to be increased within forty-five (45) days to an amount of shares equal to three (3) times the Conversion
Shares. The Company s management shall recommend to the shareholders to vote in favor of increasing the number of shares
of Common Stock authorized.   

(5)                 
    Make-Whole   Rights  . 
 Upon liquidation   by   the    Holder
  of   Conversion Shares issued pursuant 
 to a Conversion Notice, provided that the Holder   realizes a net amount from 
 such liquidation   equal   to less than
the Conversion Amount   specified in the relevant Conversion 
 Notice (such net realized amount, the       Realized
Amount   ), the Company shall issue to   the
Holder additional   shares of   the 
 Company s   Common Stock equal to: 
 (i)   the   Conversion 
 Amount specified in   the relevant Conversion 
 Notice;  minus  (ii) the Realized   Amount, as evidenced 
 by a reconciliation statement   from the 
 Holder (a    Sale Reconciliation   ) showing 
 the   Realized Amount from the sale   of
the Conversion Shares;    divided by  (iii)   the 
 average   volume weighted average   price
of the   Company    s  
Common Stock during the   five   (5) 
 Business   Days   immediately prior to 
 the date upon   which the   Holder delivers
notice (the    Make-Whole Notice   ) to the Company that such additional
shares are requested by   the Holder (the    Make-Whole Stock Price   )
(such number of additional   shares to   be
issued, the    Make-Whole Shares   ). Upon receiving 
 the Make-Whole Notice and Sale   Reconciliation evidencing 
 the   number of Make-  Whole Shares requested,
the Company shall instruct its transfer agent to issue certificates representing the Make-Whole Shares, which 
 Make-Whole Shares   shall   be 
 issued   and   delivered in the same
manner and   within   the 
 same   time frames as set forth herein. The Make-Whole 
 Shares, when   issued, shall be deemed to be validly issued, 
 fully paid, and non-assessable shares of   the Company s Common Stock. Following 
 the   sale of   the Make-Whole Shares by
the   Holder: (i) in the event that the Holder receives 
 net proceeds from such   sale which, when added to 
 the Realized Amount   from the prior relevant 
 Conversion Notice, is less than the Conversion Amount specified in the relevant Conversion 
 Notice, the   Holder shall deliver an additional Make-Whole 
 Notice to   the Company following the procedures 
 provided previously in this paragraph, and such   procedures and 
 the delivery of Make-Whole   Notices and issuance of Make-Whole Shares shall continue
until   the Conversion Amount has been fully   satisfied;
and (ii)   in   the event that 
 the Holder   received   net proceeds
from the   sale of Make-Whole   Shares 
 in excess of the Conversion   Amount specified in the relevant Conversion Notice,
such excess amount shall   be applied to satisfy 
 any and all amounts   owed hereunder in excess 
 of the Conversion   Amount specified   in 
 the   relevant Conversion Notice. Holder agrees to sell a maximum of twenty-five
percent (25%) of the average daily trading volume of the Company s Common Stock and reports sales to the company on a weekly
basis upon request of the Company.  

(6)                 
    Adjustments to Conversion Price  .   

(a)                
    Stock Dividends   and Stock
Splits  . If the Company, at any time while this 
 Debenture   is outstanding: (i) pays   a
stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions   payable in shares
of   Common Stock on outstanding shares   of 
 Common Stock,   (ii) subdivides outstanding 
 shares   of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) 
 combines (including by way of   a reverse stock split) outstanding 
 shares of   Common   Stock into 
 a smaller number of   shares, or   (iv)
issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of Common Stock, any shares   of 
 capital   stock of the Company, then   the
Conversion Price shall   be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall 
 be the number of shares of Common   Stock (excluding 
 any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and 
 the denominator of which shall be the number   of shares of Common Stock 
 outstanding immediately after such   event. Any 
 adjustment made   pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after
the record date for the determination of   stockholders entitled to 
 receive   such dividend or distribution and shall 
 become effective immediately   after   the
effective date   in the case of a subdivision, combination, or re-classification.   

(b)               
    Fundamental Transaction.  
If, at any   time while this   Debenture is
outstanding:   (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with
or into another Person that is not a subsidiary of the Company,   (ii) the 
 Company effects any   sale of all or substantially all of 
 its assets in   one transaction   or
a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company 
 or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange 
 their shares for other   securities, cash 
 or property, or   (iv) the Company   effects
any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to   which
the   Common Stock is effectively converted   into
or exchanged   for other securities, cash or   property
(in any such case, a    Fundamental Transaction   ),   then
upon   any subsequent conversion of this   Debenture, 
 the Holder shall   have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would
have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the 
 same kind and amount of securities, cash or property as   it 
 would   have been entitled to receive upon the 
 occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction   if 
 it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental   Transaction, the holder 
 of one (1) share of Common Stock (the    Alternate Consideration   ). 
 For   purposes of any   such conversion,
the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately   adjusted to apply 
 to such Alternate   Consideration   based
on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock 
 in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the   Conversion 
 Price   among the Alternate Consideration 
 in   a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value 
 of any different components of the Alternate   Consideration. 
 If holders of Common Stock   are   given
any   choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received 
 in   a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be 
 given the same choice   as to the Alternate 
 Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Debenture following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary
to effectuate the foregoing   provisions, any successor to 
 the Company   or surviving   entity
in such   Fundamental   Transaction 
 shall   issue to the Holder a new   note
consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing   the 
 Holder s   right to convert such note into Alternate Consideration. 
 The terms   of any agreement pursuant   to
which a Fundamental   Transaction is effected shall include terms requiring 
 any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the   provisions of this
Section   and insuring that this Debenture (or any such 
 replacement security) will be similarly   adjusted upon any 
 subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental   Transaction.   

(c)                
    Adjustment to Conversion   Price  .
Whenever the Conversion   Price is adjusted pursuant 
 to any provision of this Debenture, the Company shall promptly deliver to Holder a notice 
 setting forth the   Conversion Price   after 
 such adjustment and setting   forth a brief statement 
 of the facts requiring such adjustment.   

(d)               
    Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder  .
If (A) the Company   shall declare   a 
 dividend   (or any other distribution in   whatever
form) on the   Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare 
 a special nonrecurring cash dividend   on 
 or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C)   the 
 Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights   or
warrants to   subscribe   for 
 or purchase any shares of capital stock   of 
 any class or of any rights,   (D) the approval 
 of any stockholders of   the Company shall be required 
 in connection with any reclassification   of the Common Stock, any consolidation 
 or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale   or transfer of 
 all or   substantially all of the assets of the Company, 
 of   any compulsory   share exchange 
 whereby the Common Stock is converted   into 
 other securities, cash or property, or (E) the   Company shall 
 authorize the voluntary or   involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up
of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case,   the 
 Company shall cause to be filed at each office or   agency maintained 
 for   the purpose of conversion of this Debenture, and shall cause to be delivered
to the   Holder   at its last address as it
shall appear upon the   Company s records, at least twenty (20) calendar 
 days   prior to the applicable record or effective 
 date hereinafter   specified, a notice stating: (x) the date on which a record
is to   be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, 
 rights   or warrants, or if   a record
is not to   be taken,   the date as of 
 which the   holders of the Common Stock of 
 record   to be   entitled to such dividend,
distributions, redemption,   rights or warrants are to 
 be   determined,   or 
 (y) the date on which   such reclassification, 
 consolidation, merger,   sale, transfer or   share
exchange is expected   to   become 
 effective or close,   and   the date
as of which   it is expected that   holders 
 of the Common Stock of   record shall be entitled to exchange their 
 shares of the Common   Stock for securities, cash 
 or other property   deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger,
  sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash
or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that
the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate
action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder is entitled to convert this Debenture during the 10-day period commencing
on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice. 

  [signature
page follows]  

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF    with   the 
   intent to be legally bound hereby,   the 
 Company   as executed this   Senior Secured,
Convertible, Redeemable Debenture   as of   the date 
 first   written above.  

PERVASIP CORP.  

By:  ______/s/ Paul H. Riss  

 Name: Paul H. Riss 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31>
 3
 exhibit_31.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER AND   

  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT
TO   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Paul H. Riss, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Pervasip Corp.;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;  

4. 
     I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: December 14, 2016  
     By:  
     /s/ Paul H. Riss 

Paul H. Riss 

Principal Executive Officer, 
         Principal Financial Officer 
         Pervasip Corp.  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 exhibit_32.htm
 RULE 13A-14(B) CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with this Annual Report
of Pervasip Corp. (the  Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2015, as filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Paul H. Riss, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the
Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(2)    The information contained in such Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2015, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company.    

Date: December 14, 2016 
     By:  
     /s/ Paul H. Riss 

Paul H. Riss 

Principal Executive Officer, 
         Principal Financial Officer 
         Pervasip Corp.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 pvsp-20151130.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pvsp-20151130.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 pvsp-20151130_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pvsp-20151130_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 pvsp-20151130_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 pvsp-20151130_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

