<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1562214_0001144204-16-131787_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10384216</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>167428</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>578476</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3286357</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4661023</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1461886</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>132</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131787.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104171455
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131787
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001562214
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				461314400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35848
		FILM NUMBER:		161975973

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO BRIDGE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 322
		CITY:			RED BANK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07701-1106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(732) 978-7518

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO BRIDGE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 322
		CITY:			RED BANK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07701-1106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HF2 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130214

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	H2 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121114

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131787.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 v451610_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES   
  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

For the transition period from                        to                         

Commission file number: 001-35848  

ZAIS GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.  

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Its Charter)  

Delaware   
       46-1314400    
 
       (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or   
  Organization)   
       (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)    

Two Bridge Avenue, Suite 322  

  Red Bank, NJ 07701-1106  

  (Address of Principal Executive Offices and
Zip Code)  

(732) 978-7518  
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.      Yes    x
   No       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      Yes    x
   No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer       
      Accelerated filer    x   

Non-accelerated filer       
      Smaller reporting company        
 
      (Do not check if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).       Yes     
   No   x  

As of November 3, 2016, 13,900,917 shares of Class A common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, and 20,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.000001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements 

ZAIS GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (Unaudited) 
(Dollars in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

ZAIS GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
(Dollars in thousands)  

(1)  
      Subsequent to the filing of the 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2015, the Company elected to early adopt ASU 2015-02 with an effective date of January 1, 2015. As a result of this adoption, the majority of the ZAIS Managed Entities which were consolidated in the 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2015 were deconsolidated.  Additionally, subsequent to the filing of the June 30, 2015 and September 30, 2015 10-Q s, in December 2015 additional interpretations of ASU 2015-02 became available to the Company.   As a result of these new interpretations, the Company reviewed its previous conclusions and determined that additional entities should be deconsolidated.  There was no impact on the income (loss) allocated to ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc. Stockholders Equity as a result of this adoption. The September 30, 2015 figures above reflect the consolidated results of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2015-02.   

(2)  
      Number of diluted shares outstanding for periods after the Business Combination (as defined in Note 1) takes into account non-controlling interests in ZAIS Group Parent, LLC that may be exchanged for Class A common stock under certain circumstances.   

(3)  
      Pro-rated based on the portion of the period preceding and following the Business Combination.   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

ZAIS GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
and Non-controlling Interests (Unaudited) 
(Dollars in thousands except share amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

ZAIS GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
(Dollars in thousands)  

(1)  
      Subsequent to the filing of the 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2015, the Company elected to early adopt ASU 2015-02 with an effective date of January 1, 2015. As a result of this adoption, the majority of the ZAIS Managed Entities which were consolidated in the 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2015 were deconsolidated.  Additionally, subsequent to the filing of the June 30, 2015 and September 30, 2015 10-Q s, in December 2015 additional interpretations of ASU 2015-02 became available to the Company.   As a result of these new interpretations, the Company reviewed its previous conclusions and determined that additional entities should be deconsolidated.  There was no impact on the income (loss) allocated to ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc. Stockholders Equity as a result of this adoption. The September 30, 2015 figures above reflect the consolidated results of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2015-02.   

(2)  
      Amounts have been adjusted to conform to current period presentation.   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

ZAIS GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

1. Organization  

ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc. ( ZAIS )
is a holding company conducting substantially all of its operations through ZAIS Group, LLC ( ZAIS Group ), an investment
advisory and asset management firm focused on specialized credit which commenced operations in July 1997 and is headquartered in
Red Bank, New Jersey and has an office in London. ZAIS Group is a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary of ZAIS Group Parent, LLC
( ZGP ), a majority-owned consolidated subsidiary of ZAIS. ZGP became the sole member and 100% equity owner of ZAIS
Group on March 31, 2014 pursuant to a merger transaction which is described in detail in ZAIS s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on March 23, 2015 (the  Closing 8-K ). References
to the  Company  in these condensed consolidated financial statements refer to ZAIS, together with its consolidated
subsidiaries. 

ZAIS Group is an investment advisor registered
with the SEC under the Investment Advisors Act of 1940 and is also registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission as
a Commodity Pool Operator and Commodity Trading Advisor. ZAIS Group provides investment advisory and asset management services
to private funds, separately managed accounts, structured vehicles and, through October 31, 2016, ZAIS Financial Corp. ( ZFC
REIT ), a publicly traded mortgage real estate investment trust (collectively, the  ZAIS Managed Entities ). 

ZAIS REIT Management, LLC ( ZAIS REIT
Management ), a majority owned subsidiary of ZAIS Group, is the external investment advisor to ZFC REIT. On April 7, 2016,
ZFC REIT announced that it had entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the  Merger Agreement ). The ZFC REIT
merger closed on October 31, 2016. In connection with the Merger Agreement, ZAIS REIT Management entered into a termination agreement
(the  Termination Agreement ), whereby the current advisory agreement under which ZAIS REIT Management receives management
fees from ZFC REIT was terminated upon closing of the merger on October 31, 2016 (see Note 17,  Subsequent Events ). 

The ZAIS Managed Entities predominantly invest
in a variety of specialized credit instruments including bank loans, corporate credit instruments such as collateralized debt obligations
( CDOs ), collateralized loan obligations (together with CDOs referred to as  CLOs ) and various securities
and instruments backed by these asset classes. ZAIS Group had approximately $3.844 billion of assets under management ( AUM )
as of September 30, 2016. As a result of the ZFC REIT merger (see above), ZAIS Group s AUM related to mortgage strategies
is expected to decrease by $0.589 billion, based on the REIT AUM at September 30, 2016. 

ZAIS Group also serves as the general partner
to certain ZAIS Managed Entities, which are generally organized as pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

The Company s primary sources of revenues
are (i) management fee income, which is based predominantly on the AUM of the ZAIS Managed Entities (ii) incentive income, which
is based on the investment performance of the ZAIS Managed Entities and (iii) income of the consolidated ZAIS Managed Entities
(the  Consolidated Funds ) which is based on the income generated from the portfolios of the Consolidated Funds, a
portion of which is allocated to non-controlling interests in Consolidated Funds. All of the management fee income and incentive
income earned by ZAIS Group from the Consolidated Funds is eliminated in consolidation. 

On March 20, 2015, ZAIS made a decision to
terminate the business operations of its Shanghai subsidiary. ZAIS Group ceased conducting regular business activities in Shanghai
and the office is now closed. Final clearance from the relevant government authorities on the plan of liquidation is expected in
the fourth quarter of 2016. 

Recapitalization as a Result of a Business Combination   

On October 5, 2012, HF2 Financial Management
Inc. ( HF2 ) was formed as a blank check company whose objective was to acquire, through a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination, one or more businesses or
entities. On September 16, 2014, HF2 entered into an Investment Agreement, as defined in the Closing 8-K, with ZGP and the members
of ZGP (including Christian Zugel, the former managing member of ZGP and the founder and Chief Investment Officer of ZAIS Group,
and certain related parties, collectively, the  ZGP Founder Members ), under which HF2 agreed to contribute cash to
ZGP in exchange for newly issued Class A Units of ZGP ( Class A Units ) representing a majority financial interest
in ZGP (the  Business Combination ) and to cause the transfer of all of its outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock,
par value $0.000001 (the  Class B Common Stock ) to the ZGP Founder Members. All Class B Common Stock was then immediately
deposited into a newly created irrevocable voting trust (the  ZGH Class B Voting Trust ), of which Mr. Zugel is the
sole trustee. The Class B Common Stock has no economic rights and therefore is not considered participating securities for purposes
of allocation of consolidated net income (loss). 

On March 9, 2015, the stockholders of HF2 approved
the Business Combination and the transaction closed on March 17, 2015 (the  Closing ). In connection with the Closing,
HF2 changed its name to ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc. The Business Combination is described in detail in ZAIS s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Annual Report on Form 10-K ). Prior to the Closing, HF2
was a shell company with no operations. Upon the Closing, ZAIS became a holding company whose assets primarily consist of an approximate
66.5% interest in its majority-owned subsidiary, ZGP. Prior to the Closing, Christian Zugel served as the managing member of ZGP.
Upon the Closing, ZAIS became the managing member of ZGP. 

2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies  

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited, interim, consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP )
as contained within the Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
and the rules and regulations of the SEC for interim reporting. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary
for a fair statement of the Company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows have been included and are of a
normal and recurring nature. The operating results presented for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results
that may be expected for any other interim period or for the entire year. Certain information and note disclosures normally included
in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP as contained in the ASC have been condensed or omitted from the unaudited
interim condensed consolidated financial statements according to the SEC rules and regulations. The information and disclosures
contained in these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Segment Reporting  

The Company currently is comprised of one reportable
segment, the investment management segment, and substantially all of the Company s operations are conducted through this
segment. The investment management segment provides investment advisory and asset management services to the ZAIS Managed Entities. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While management believes that the estimates used
in preparing the consolidated financial statements are reasonable and prudent, actual results may ultimately differ from those
estimates. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Since May 2014, the FASB has issued ASU Nos.
2014-09, 2015-14, 2016-08, 2016-10 and 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The objective of the guidance
is to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific
guidance. The guidance is to be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented or through a cumulative adjustment in the
year of adoption, for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of adopting this new standard. 

In August 2014, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-04) Disclosure of Uncertainties
about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ), which requires management to evaluate whether
there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue
as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued.  If conditions or events indicate it
is probable that an entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the financial statements
are issued, the update requires additional disclosures.  The update is effective for periods ending after December 15,
2016 with early adoption permitted.  Adoption of ASU 2014-15 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's consolidated
financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 428)  ( ASU 2016-02 ). Under the new guidance, lessees are required to recognize lease assets and
lease liabilities on the balance sheet for those leases previously classified as operating leases. The amendments in ASU No. 2016-02
are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting
period with early adoption permitted. Adoption of ASU 2016-02 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
 Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ).
The objective of the guidance is to simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including
income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash
flows.  The update is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption
permitted.  Adoption of ASU 2016-09 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  
( ASU 2016-15 ). This ASU addresses the following eight specific cash flow issues: Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment
costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in
relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination;
proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies (including
bank-owned life insurance policies); distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization
transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. ASU 2016-15 is effective for
public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
application is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. Adoption of ASU 2016-15 is not expected to have a material effect
on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements included
herein are the financial statements of ZAIS, its subsidiaries and certain funds that are required to be consolidated. All intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation, including ZAIS s investment in ZGP and ZGP s investment
in ZAIS Group. The Company's fiscal year ends on December 31. 

The consolidated financial
statements include non-controlling interests in ZGP which are primarily comprised of Class A Units of ZGP held by the ZGP Founder
Members. 

Subsequent
to the filing of the 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2015, the Company elected to early adopt ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation
(Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ( ASU 2015-02 ) with an effective date of January 1,
2015 modifying the analysis it must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. The guidance
does not amend the existing disclosure requirements for variable interest entities   ( VIEs )   or
voting interest model entities.  The guidance, however,   modified the requirements
to qualify under the voting interest model. Under the revised guidance, ZAIS Group and ZGP   are
variable interest entities of the Company. As these entities are already consolidated in the balance   sheets
of the Company, the identification of these entities as variable interest entities has no impact on   the
consolidated financial statements of the Company.    

3. Investments in Affiliates  

The Company applied the fair value option to
its interests in the ZAIS Managed Entities that are not consolidated, and would have otherwise been subject to the equity or historical
cost methods of accounting. The Company believes that reporting the fair value of these investments is more indicative of the Company s
financial position than historical cost. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the fair value of these investments was as follows: 

The Company recorded a change in unrealized
gain (loss) for three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 associated with the investments still held
at the end of each respective period as follows: 

Such amounts are included in net gain (loss)
on investments in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
no equity investment, individually or in the aggregate, held by the Company exceeded 10% of its total consolidated assets or income.
As such, the Company did not present separate or summarized financial statements for any of its investees. 

4. Fair Value of Investments  

ASC 820 Fair Value Measurements defines fair
value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements under U.S.
GAAP. Specifically, this guidance defines fair value based on exit price, or the price that would be received upon the sale of
an asset or the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value
under U.S. GAAP represents an exit price in the normal course of business, not a forced liquidation price. If the Company was forced
to sell assets in a short period to meet liquidity needs, the prices it receives could be substantially less than their recorded
fair values. 

The Company follows the fair value measurement
and disclosure guidance under U.S. GAAP, which establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework. This framework prioritizes and
ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring investments at fair value. Market price observability is affected
by a number of factors, including the type of investment, the characteristics specific to the investment and the state of the marketplace
including the existence and transparency of transactions between market participants. Investments with readily available active
quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices in an orderly market generally will have a higher
degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value. In all cases, an instrument s
level within the hierarchy is based upon the market pricing transparency of the instrument and does not necessarily correspond
to the Company s perceived risk or liquidity of the instrument. 

The Company considers observable data to be
market data which is readily available, regularly distributed or updated, reliable and verifiable, not proprietary, and provided
by independent sources that are actively involved in the relevant market. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value
may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the determination of which category within the fair
value hierarchy is appropriate for any given investment is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety
requires significant judgment and considers factors specific to the investment. 

Assets and liabilities that are measured and
reported at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following categories: 

Level 1   Fair value is determined based on
quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in an active market. Assets and liabilities included in Level 1 include listed
securities. As required in the fair value measurement and disclosure guidance under U.S. GAAP, the Company does not adjust the
quoted price for these investments. The hierarchy gives highest priority to Level 1. 

Level 2   Fair value is determined based
on inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability either directly or indirectly as of the reporting
date. Assets and liabilities which are generally included in this category include corporate bonds and loans, less liquid and restricted
equity securities and certain over-the-counter derivatives, including foreign exchange forward contracts whose values are based
on the following: 

Quoted
prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets.  

Quoted
prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in non-active markets.  

Pricing
models whose inputs are observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.  

Pricing
models whose inputs are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of
the asset or liability.  

Level 3   Fair value is determined based
on inputs that are unobservable for the investment and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the
asset or liability. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation and the
Company may use models or other valuation methodologies to arrive at fair value. Investments that are included in this category
generally include distressed debt, less liquid corporate debt securities, non-investment grade residual interests in securitizations,
collateralized debt obligations and certain derivative contracts. The hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3. 

The Company has established a valuation process
that applies for all levels of investments in the valuation hierarchy to ensure that the valuation techniques are consistent and
verifiable. The valuation process includes discussions between the valuation team, portfolio management team and the valuation
committee (the  Valuation Committee ). The Valuation Committee consists of senior members of ZAIS Group and is co-chaired
by the Chief Risk Officer and Chief Financial Officer of ZAIS Group. The Valuation Committee meets to review and approve the results
of the valuation process which are used in connection with the preparation of quarterly and annual financial statements. The Valuation
Committee is responsible for oversight and review of the written valuation policies and procedures and ensuring that they are applied
consistently. 

The lack of an established, liquid secondary
market for some of the Company s holdings may have an adverse effect on the market value of those holdings and on the Company s
ability to dispose of them. Additionally, the public markets for the Company s holdings may experience periods of volatility
and periods of reduced liquidity and the Company s holdings may be subject to certain other transfer restrictions that may
further contribute to illiquidity. Such illiquidity may adversely affect the price and timing of liquidations of the Company s
holdings. 

The following is a description of the valuation
techniques used to measure fair value and the classification of these instruments pursuant to the fair value hierarchy: 

Investments  

The Company determines the fair value of investments
in short term high investment grade mutual funds using quoted market prices and, accordingly, the Company classifies these investments
as Level 1. Net gains or losses on investments are included in net gain (loss) on investments in the consolidated statements of
comprehensive income (loss). 

Collateralized Loan Obligation   Warehouses  

A Collateralized Loan Obligation
Warehouse ( CLO - Warehouse ) is organized for the purpose of holding syndicate bank loans, also known as leveraged
loans, during the warehouse period of an impending collateralized loan obligation vehicle.  During the warehouse period,
a CLO - Warehouse will secure investments and build a portfolio of primarily leveraged loans and other debt obligations. The
warehouse period terminates when the collateralized loan obligation vehicle closes. At this time, the underlying assets held
by a CLO - Warehouse are securitized into a collateralized loan obligation vehicle which then receives financing through the
issuance of debt and equity securities and repays its bank financing. 

The fair value of a CLO - Warehouse is determined
by adding the excess spread (accrued interest plus interest received less financing cost) to the CLO - Warehouse equity contribution
made by the Consolidated Funds, unless ZAIS Group determines that the securitization period will not be achieved, in which case,
the fair value of a CLO - Warehouse will be established based on the fair value of the underlying bank loan positions which are
valued in a manner consistent with ZAIS Group s valuation policy and procedures.  The net excess spread was 1.7% as
of December 31, 2015. The Company did not have any investments in CLO-Warehouses at September 30, 2016. 

CLO warehouses can be exposed to credit events, mark to market changes,
rating agency downgrades and financing cost changes. Changes in the fair value of a CLO - Warehouse are reported in net gains (losses)
of Consolidated Funds  investments in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 

Investment
in Affiliates   

Under U.S. GAAP, the Company is permitted,
as a practical expedient, to estimate the fair value of its investments in other investment companies using the NAV (or its equivalent)
of the related investment company. Accordingly, the Company utilizes the practical expedient in valuing its investments in the
unconsolidated ZAIS Managed Entities, which is an amount equal to the sum of the Company s proportionate interest in the
capital accounts of the affiliated funds at fair value. The fair value of the assets and liabilities of the ZAIS Managed Entities
are determined by the Company in accordance with its valuation policies described above. Pursuant to ASU No. 2015-07,  Fair Value
Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or its Equivalent) 
( ASU 2015-07 ), the Company no longer is required to categorize these investments within the fair value hierarchy.
The resulting net gains or losses on investments are included in net gain (loss) on investments in the consolidated statements
of comprehensive income (loss). 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company held investments in five unconsolidated ZAIS Managed Entities. The valuation of the investments in these entities represents
the amount the Company would receive at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, if it were to liquidate its investments
in these entities. ZAIS Group has the ability to liquidate its investments according to the provisions of the respective entities 
operative agreements. 

The following tables summarize the Company s
assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis within the fair value hierarchy levels at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015: 

The fair value of ZAIS CLO 5, Limited
( ZAIS CLO 5 ) was determined by a recent market transaction. 

The following tables summarize the changes
in the Company s Level 3 assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015: 

The following table summarizes the changes
in the Company s Level 3 assets for the year ended December 31, 2015: 

The Company s policy is to record
transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3, if any, at the beginning of the period. There were no transfers between Level 1,
Level 2 and Level 3 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015. 

5. Variable Interest Entities ( VIEs )  

In the ordinary course of business, ZAIS Group
sponsors the formation of VIEs that can be broadly classified into the following categories: hedge funds, hybrid private equity
funds and securitized structures (CLOs). ZAIS Group generally serves as the investment advisor or collateral manager with certain
investment-related, decision-making authority for these entities. The Company has not recorded any liabilities with respect to
VIEs that are not consolidated. Certain ZAIS Managed Entities, including the CLOs, are VIEs. The Company applies the guidance of
ASU 2015-02 when determining which ZAIS Managed Entities are required to be consolidated. 

Funds  

The Company has determined that the fee it receives
from several of the hedge funds and hybrid private equity funds ZAIS Group manages does not represent a variable interest because
under ASU 2015-02, ZAIS Group s fee arrangements are commensurate with the level of effort performed and include only customary
terms that do not represent variable interests. The Company considered investments its related parties have in these entities when
determining if ZAIS Group s fee represented a variable interest. 

ZAIS Group owns 51% of a majority-owned affiliate,
ZAIS Zephyr A-6, LP ( Zephyr A-6 ), which was established to invest in CLOs, including at the warehouse stage of a
CLO. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company has determined that ZAIS Group is the primary beneficiary of Zephyr
A-6 which is consolidated in these unaudited consolidated financial statements. ZAIS Group is the primary beneficiary since it
is deemed to have (i) the power to direct activities of the entity that most significantly impacts its economic performance and
(ii) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant
to the entity. 

At September 30, 2016, Zephyr A-6 s sole
investment was an investment in  ZAIS CLO 5. As of September 30, 2016, ZAIS CLO 5 continued
to finance the majority of its loan purchases using the warehouse facility. At December 31, 2015, ZAIS CLO 5 was in the warehouse
phase ( ZAIS CLO 5 Warehouse ). Zephyr A-6 s sole investment at December 31, 2015 was an investment in the ZAIS
CLO 5 Warehouse. 

ZAIS CLO 5  

ZAIS CLO 5 priced on September 23, 2016
and closed on October 26, 2016 (see Note 17,  Subsequent Events ). ZAIS CLO 5 invests primarily in first lien senior
secured bank loans and has a total capitalization of $408.5 million, which consists of debt of $368.0 million and equity of $40.5
million. 

At September 30, 2016, Zephyr A-6 had (i)
an investment of $20.3 million in debt and equity tranches in ZAIS CLO 5 and a corresponding payable of $20.3 million for its obligation
to purchase the securities, (ii) a dividend receivable of $8.3 million which represents gains that were realized under the terms
of the CLO Warehouse agreement, and (iii) a receivable for securities sold of $40.0 million for the return of its initial investment
in ZAIS CLO 5 Warehouse. Such amounts are included in the consolidated statements of financial condition. 

Zephyr A-6 s investment of $20.3
million in ZAIS CLO 5 represents approximately 2% economic interest in the debt tranches and approximately 32% economic interest
in the equity tranche. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, net gains (losses) of Consolidated Funds  investments is as follows: 

The change in unrealized gain or loss for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 is related to the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gain or loss. 

Securitized Structures  

ZAIS Group and certain of its wholly owned
subsidiaries act as collateral manager for CLOs that are VIEs. These CLOs are entities that issue collateralized notes which offer
investors the opportunity for returns that vary commensurately with the risks they assume. The notes issued by the CLOs are generally
backed by asset portfolios consisting of loans, other debt or other derivatives. For acting as the collateral manager for these
structures, ZAIS Group receives collateral management fees comprised of senior collateral management fees, subordinated collateral
management fees and incentive collateral management fees (subject to hurdle rates). In come cases, all the collateral management
fees are waived in lieu of certain ZAIS Managed Entities owning equity tranches of the related CLO. 

The Company has determined that the fee it
receives from the CLOs does not represent a variable interest because under ASU 2015-02, ZAIS Group s fee arrangements are
commensurate with the level of effort performed and include only customary terms that do not represent variable interests. The
Company considered investments its related parties have in the CLOs when determining if ZAIS Group s fee represented a variable
interest. 

The Dodd-Frank credit risk retention rules
will apply to any CLO that closes (or in certain cases are materially amended) on or after December 24, 2016. As currently drafted,
the rules specify that for each such CLO, the relevant collateral manager must purchase and hold, unhedged, directly or through
a majority-owned affiliate, either (i) 5% of each tranche of the CLO s securities, (ii) an amount of the CLO s equity
equal to 5% of the aggregate fair value of all of the CLO s securities or (iii) a combination of the two. The required risk
must be retained until the latest of (i) the date that the CLO has paid down its securities to 33% of their original principal
amount, (ii) the date that the CLO has sold down its assets to 33% of their original principal amount and (iii) the date that is
two years after closing. The Company will continue to assess its investments in the CLOs to determine whether or not the Company
will be required to consolidate the CLOs in its financial statements. 

The Company determined that it is not
the primary beneficiary of CLO   Warehouses, which are VIEs, because the financing counterparty must approve all significant
financing requests and, as a result, the Company does not have the power to direct activities of the entity that most significantly
impacts its economic performance. 

VIEs  

The following table presents the
assets and liabilities of entities that are VIEs, and consolidated by the Company on a gross basis prior to eliminations due to
consolidation at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The assets presented in the table above belong
to the investors in Zephyr A-6, are available for use only by the entity to which they belong and are not available for use by
the Company. The Consolidated Funds have no recourse to the general credit of ZAIS Group with respect to any liability. 

ZAIS Group has a minimal direct ownership, if
any, in the non-consolidated entities that are VIEs and its involvement is generally limited to providing asset management services.
ZAIS Group s exposure to loss from these entities is limited to a decrease in the management fees and incentive income that
has been earned and accrued, as well as any direct equity ownership in the VIEs. The Company did not hold any material variable
interests in unconsolidated VIEs at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

6. Management Fee Income and Incentive Income  

ZAIS Group earns management fees for
funds and accounts, monthly or quarterly, based on the net asset value of these funds and accounts prior to the accrual of
incentive fees/allocations. Management fees earned for the CLOs which it manages are generally based on the par value of
the collateral and cash held in the CLOs. Management fees earned by ZAIS Group from ZFC REIT, quarterly, are based on
ZFC REIT's stockholders' equity, as defined in the amended and restated investment advisory agreement between
ZAIS Group s consolidated subsidiary ZAIS REIT Management and ZFC REIT. Twenty percent of the management fee income
received from ZFC REIT is paid to holders of Class B interests in ZAIS REIT Management. The income is recorded as management
fee income in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), and the portion of the management fees allocated to
the holders of Class B interests in ZAIS REIT Management is included in the allocation of income (loss) to
non-controlling interests in ZAIS Group Parent, LLC. The payment to the Class B interests in ZAIS REIT Management is recorded
as distributions to non-controlling interests in ZAIS Group Parent, LLC. 

Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the
current advisory agreement with ZAIS REIT Management was terminated on October 31, 2016. ZAIS REIT Management received a termination
fee in the amount of $8,000,000 upon termination of the agreement (see Note 17,  Subsequent Events ). ZAIS REIT Management
will recognize the termination fee as revenue upon termination of the agreement and the entire amount will be allocated to ZAIS
Group. 

In addition to the management fee income mentioned
above, subordinated management fees may be earned from CLOs for which ZAIS Group and certain of its wholly owned subsidiaries act
as collateral manager. The subordinated management fee is an additional payment for the same collateral management service, but
has a lower priority in the CLOs  cash flows. The subordinated management fee is contingent upon the economic performance
of the respective CLO. If the CLOs experience a certain level of asset defaults, these fees may not be paid. There is no recovery
by the CLOs of previously paid subordinated fees. ZAIS Group recognizes the subordinated management fee income when collection
is reasonably assured and all related contingencies have been removed. 

ZAIS Group manages certain funds
and managed accounts from which it may earn incentive income based on hedge fund-style and private equity-style fee
arrangements. Funds and accounts with hedge fund-style fee arrangements are those that pay ZAIS Group, on an annual basis, an
incentive fee/allocation based on a percentage of net realized and unrealized profits attributable to each investor, subject
to a hurdle (if any) set forth in each respective entity s operative agreement. Additionally, all funds and accounts
with hedge fund-style fee arrangements are subject to a perpetual loss carry forward, or perpetual  high-water
mark,  meaning that the funds and accounts will not pay incentive fees/allocations with respect to positive investment
performance generated for an investor in any year following negative investment performance until that loss is recouped, at
which point an investor s capital balance surpasses the high-water mark. The funds and accounts pay incentive
fees/allocations on any net profits in excess of the high-water mark. Funds and accounts with private equity-style fee
arrangements are those that pay an incentive fee/allocation based on a priority of payments under which investor capital must
be returned and a preferred return, as specified in each fund s operative agreement, must be paid to the investor prior
to any payments of incentive-based income to ZAIS Group. For CLOs, incentive income is earned based on a percentage of
cumulative profits, subject to the return of contributed capital (and subordinate management fees, if any), and a preferred
inception to date return as specified in the respective CLOs  collateral management agreements. The advisory agreement
between ZAIS Group and ZFC REIT did not provide for incentive fees. 

The following tables represent the gross amounts
of management fee income and incentive income earned prior to eliminations due to consolidation of the Consolidated Funds and the
net amount reported in the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. September 30, 2015 amounts have been adjusted to conform to current period presentation: 

(1)  
      Incentive income earned for certain of the ZAIS Managed Entities is subject to a hurdle rate of return as specified in each respective ZAIS Managed Entities  operative agreement.   

The management fee income and incentive income
amounts above are net of the following credits: 

Management fee income and incentive income
which was accrued, but not received at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

Such amounts are included in income and fees
receivable in the consolidated statements of financial condition. 

7. Debt Obligations  

Notes Payable  

On March 17, 2015, in conjunction with the
closing of the Business Combination, ZAIS issued two promissory notes with an aggregate principal balance of $1,250,000 to EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc. and Sidoti   Company, LLC. The notes accrue interest at an annual rate equal to the annual applicable federal rate as
published by the Internal Revenue Service ( AFR ) until the principal amount of, and all accrued interest on, the notes
have been paid in full. The notes mature on March 17, 2017 at which time the principal balance and accrued interest will be due
and payable. The notes were issued in lieu of paying certain underwriting costs at the closing of the Business Combination and,
accordingly, treated as a direct cost attributable to the Business Combination and capitalized to equity. The Company accrued interest
on the notes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, which is included in other income (expense)
in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 

8. Compensation  

Employees are eligible to receive discretionary
incentive cash compensation (the  Bonus Award ) on an annual basis. The amount of the Bonus Award is based on, among
other factors, both individual performance and the financial results of ZAIS Group. For certain employees, as documented in an
underlying agreement (the  Bonus Agreement ), the Bonus Award may be further subject to a retention-based payout schedule
that generally provides for 30% of the Bonus Award to vest and be paid incrementally over a three-year period. The Company expenses
all current cash incentive compensation award payments ratably in the first year. All future payments are amortized equally over
the required service period over the remaining term of the Bonus Award as defined in the Bonus Award Agreements. In the event an
award is forfeited pursuant to the terms of the Bonus Agreement, the corresponding accruals will be reversed. 

On March 29, 2016, the Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors of ZAIS adopted a retention payment plan for certain employees of ZAIS Group (the  Retention Payment
Plan ). The Retention Payment Plan applies to approximately 60 employees of ZAIS Group who have an annual base salary of less
than $300,000. The purpose of the Retention Payment Plan is to enable ZAIS Group to retain the services of its employees in order
to ensure that ZAIS Group is not disrupted or adversely affected by the possible loss of personnel or their commitment to ZAIS
Group. Under the Retention Payment Plan, the participating employees are entitled to receive cash retention payments on each of
April 15, 2016, August 15, 2016 and November 15, 2016, if the employee remains employed by ZAIS Group on such dates. The maximum
aggregate amount of retention payments that may be paid to all participants under the Retention Payment Plan is approximately $4.5
million. All payments under the Retention Payment Plan will be amortized equally over the required service period ending on each
of the three payment dates discussed above. In the event an award is forfeited pursuant to the terms of a respective Retention
Payment Plan agreement, the corresponding accruals will be reversed. 

The Company incurred the following expenses
relating to the Retention Payment Plan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

Such amounts are included in compensation and
benefits in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 

In addition, on March 1, 2016, the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors of ZAIS approved a retention payment of $900,000 to Howard Steinberg, the Company's General
Counsel, which was paid on March 15, 2016 and is included in compensation and benefits in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
income (loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

ZAIS Group has entered into agreements with
certain of its employees whereby certain employees and former employees have been granted rights to participate in a portion of
the incentive income received from certain ZAIS Managed Entities (referred to as  Points ). There were no payments
made or amounts accrued relating to Points for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 and the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. 

In 2013, ZAIS Group established the Income
Unit Plan. Under the Income Unit Plan, certain employees were entitled to receive a fixed percentage of ZAIS Group s distributable
income, as defined in the Income Unit Plan agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Income Unit Plan, a payout of 85% of the estimated
award was made in December of the applicable performance year and the remaining balance was payable within 30 days of the issuance
of ZAIS Group s audit report for the prior year. An employee must have been actively employed by ZAIS Group on each scheduled
payment date to have received their relevant payment. The Income Unit Plan was terminated effective December 31, 2014. 

On March 8, 2016, the Company commenced a reduction
in force and other restructuring which has resulted in a decrease of 23 employees of ZAIS Group. The Company has incurred total
severance charges in the amount of approximately $762,000 relating to the reduction in force which was recognized during the six
months ended June 30, 2016. The Company immediately recognized all severance expense for employees who were not required to provide
services or those employees who were not being retained beyond the 60 day notification period. Conversely, for all employees who
were required to provide services or those who were retained beyond the 60 day notification period, the related severance expense
was amortized equally over the required service period. 

The following table presents a detailed breakout
of compensation expense recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

(1)   Includes amounts incurred
under the Retention Payment Plan. 

Equity-Based Compensation  

In conjunction with the closing of the Business
Combination on March 17, 2015, ZGP authorized 1,600,000 Class B-0 Units eligible to be granted to certain employees of ZAIS Group.
The Class B-0 Units are subject to a two year cliff-vesting provision, whereby all Class B-0 Units granted to an employee will
be forfeited if the employee resigns or is terminated prior to the two year anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination.
Subsequent to the two year anniversary of the Business Combination, an employee will only forfeit vested Class B-0 Units if the
employee is terminated for cause. The Class B-0 Units are not entitled to any distributions from ZGP (and thus will not participate
in, or be allocated any, income or loss) or other material rights until such Class B-0 Units vest. Upon vesting the Class B-0 Units
will have the same rights as Class A Units of ZGP and are exchangeable on a one for one basis for Class A common shares subject
to the restrictions set forth in the Exchange Agreement included in the Closing 8-K. In accordance with ASC 718,  Compensation
- Stock Compensation , the Company is measuring the compensation expense associated with these awards based on grant date fair
value adjusted for estimated forfeitures. This compensation expense will be amortized equally over the two-year vesting period
and will be cumulatively adjusted for changes in estimated forfeitures at each reporting date. 

The following table presents the unvested Class
B-0 Units  activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The Company incurred compensation expense relating
to the Class B-0 Units for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 as follows: 

The total compensation expense expected to
be recognized in all future periods associated with the Class B-0 Units is $2,393,000 at September 30, 2016, which is expected
to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of 0.46 years. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, the Company
increased its forfeiture estimate from 8% to 29.6%. This increase includes approximately a 17.2% increase relating to the reduction
in force announced in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2016 and approximately a 4.4% increase
relating to the change in management s estimated forfeitures based on actual forfeitures since the grant date. The cumulative
impact of the increase in estimated forfeitures of $983,000 was recognized as a reduction in compensation and benefits for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016. The expense relating to the Class B-0 Units is included in compensation and benefits on the
consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 

Non-employee directors of ZAIS receive restricted
stock units ( RSUs ) pursuant to ZAIS s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan as a component of compensation for their service
as directors of ZAIS. The awards are unvested at the time they are granted and, as such, are not entitled to any dividends or distributions
from ZAIS or other material rights until such RSUs vest. The RSUs vest in full on the one-year anniversary of the grant date. Upon
vesting ZAIS will issue the recipient shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the number of vested RSUs. In accordance with ASC
718,  Compensation - Stock Compensation , the Company is measuring the expense associated with these awards based on the fair
value on the grant date adjusted for estimated forfeitures. This expense is being amortized equally over the one-year vesting period
and adjusted on a cumulative basis for changes in estimated forfeitures at each reporting date. 

The following table presents the RSU
activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The Company incurred compensation expense relating
to the RSUs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 as follows: 

The total expense expected to be recognized
in all future periods associated with the RSUs, considering estimated forfeitures of 0%, is $55,000 at September 30, 2016, which
is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of 0.56 years. The expense relating to these RSUs is included
in compensation and benefits on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 

9. Income Taxes  

Prior to the closing of
the Business Combination on March 17, 2015, ZGP and its subsidiaries were pass-through entities for U.S. income tax purposes and
their earnings flowed through to the owners without being subject to entity level income taxes. Accordingly, no income tax (benefit)
expense has been recorded for the period prior to the closing of the business combination other than that related to ZGP s
foreign subsidiaries, which are branches for U.S. income tax purposes but paid income taxes in their respective foreign jurisdictions. 

Following the reorganization, while ZGP and
its subsidiaries continue to operate as pass-through entities for U.S. income tax purposes not subject to entity level taxes, ZAIS
is taxable as a corporation for U.S. tax purposes. Accordingly, the Company s consolidated financial statements include U.S.
federal, state and local income taxes on the ZAIS  allocable share of the consolidated results of operations, as well as
taxes payable to jurisdictions outside the U.S related to the foreign subsidiaries. 

The Company recorded income tax
(benefit) of $(21,000) and $(12,000) respectively for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, related solely to
foreign taxes  receivable  from jurisdictions outside the U.S. related to the Company s foreign subsidiaries. The
Company recorded income tax (benefit) of $(1,528,000) and $(4,111,000) for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015, related to foreign taxes payable to jurisdictions outside the U.S. related to the Company s foreign subsidiaries,
and U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on the Company s allocable share of the consolidated results of
operations as well as the Company s net operating losses and development stage start-up expenses incurred during the
period from its inception and prior to the closing of the Business Combination with ZGP. 

As a result of the variations each quarter in the
relationship between pre-tax income and income tax expense, the Company utilizes the actual effective tax rate for each
interim period being presented to calculate the tax (benefit) or expense. The following is a reconciliation of the U.S.
statutory federal income tax to the Company s effective tax: 

The Company s effective
tax for the periods presented above includes a rate benefit attributable to the fact that the Company s subsidiaries operate
as limited liability companies and limited partnerships which are treated as pass-through entities for U.S. federal and state income
tax purposes. Accordingly, the Company s consolidated financial statements include U.S. federal, state and local income taxes
on the Company s allocable share of the consolidated results of operations. The tax liability or benefit related to the partnership
income or loss not allocable to the Company rests with the equity holders owning such non-controlling interests in ZAIS subsidiaries. 

For the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net effective tax represents the taxes accrued related to the Company s
operations in jurisdictions outside the U.S. as a full valuation allowance has been established on the tax benefit related to
U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on the Company s allocable share of the consolidated results of operations
as well as the Company s net operating losses and development stage start-up expenses incurred during the period from
its inception and prior to the closing of the Business Combination with ZGP. For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, the net effective tax represented a tax benefit related to the Company s operations in jurisdictions outside
the U.S. as well as a tax benefit related to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on the Company s allocable
share of the consolidated results of operations as well as the Company s net operating losses and development stage
start-up expenses incurred during the period from its inception and prior to the closing of the Business Combination with
ZGP. 

Deferred income taxes
are provided for the effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of an asset or liability and are reported in the accompanying
consolidated statements of financial condition. These temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years.
Deferred tax assets are included in the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition. 

As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the Company had total deferred tax assets of $8,313,000 and $5,068,000 respectively related to net operating
losses and other temporary differences related to the Company s allocable share of the consolidated results of operations
as well as Company s net operating losses and development stage start-up expenses incurred during the period from its inception
and prior to the closing of the Business Combination with ZGP. The Company has established a full valuation allowance on the deferred
tax asset as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
has estimated federal and state income tax net operating loss carryforwards of $13,806,000 which will expire as follows: 

As of each reporting
date, management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect its view of the future realization of
deferred tax assets. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has determined that the most recent management business forecasts
do not support the realization of net deferred tax assets recorded for the Company. The Company has recorded a book loss for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 excluding income attributable to consolidated funds, and it is anticipated
that expenses will continue to exceed revenues in 2016. Although management intends to pursue various initiatives with the
potential to alter the operating loss trend, there is no specific plan that has been implemented at this point in time that
will alter the negative earnings trend. 

Accordingly,
management continues to believe that it is not more likely than not that its deferred tax asset will be realized and the
Company has continued to maintain a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset as of September 30, 2016. The
Company has recorded a change in the valuation allowance of $(253,000) and $3,245,000 to the consolidated statements of
comprehensive income (loss)  in connection with the net operating losses and other temporary differences related to the
Company s allocable share of the consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016. The Company intends to maintain a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets until there is
sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. 

The Company does not believe it has any significant
uncertain tax positions. Accordingly, the Company did not record any adjustments or recognize interest expense for uncertain tax
positions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. In the future, if uncertain
tax positions arise, interest and penalties will be accrued and included in the income tax (benefit) expense on the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income (loss). 

10. Related Party Transactions  

ZAIS Managed Entities  

ZAIS Group offers a range of alternative and
traditional investment strategies through the ZAIS Managed Entities. ZAIS Group earns substantially all of its management fee income
and incentive income from the ZAIS Managed Entities, which are considered related parties as the Company manages the operations
of, and makes investment decisions for, these entities. The Company considers ZAIS Group s principals, executives, employees
and all ZAIS Managed Entities to be affiliates and related parties. 

ZAIS Group invests in its subsidiaries and
some of the ZAIS Managed Entities. Investments in subsidiaries and certain ZAIS Managed Entities that are consolidated are eliminated.
Investments in certain ZAIS Managed Entities not consolidated are further described in Note 3. 

ZAIS Group did not charge management fees or
earn incentive income on investments made in the ZAIS Managed Entities (excluding CLOs and ZFC REIT) by ZAIS Group s principals,
executives, employees and other related parties. The total amount of investors  capital balances that are not being charged
fees at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were approximately as follows: 

Additionally, certain ZAIS Managed Entities,
with existing fee arrangements, have investments representing 100% of the equity tranche of ZAIS CLO 1, Limited. ( ZAIS CLO
1 ) and ZAIS CLO 2, Limited. ( ZAIS CLO 2 ). Therefore, ZAIS Group did not charge management fees or earn incentive
income on ZAIS CLO 1 and ZAIS CLO 2. The total amounts of AUM that are not being charged fees at September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015 were approximately as follows: 

From time to time, ZAIS Group may pay related
party research and data services expenses directly to vendors, and subsequently invoice these costs to the respective ZAIS Managed
Entities based upon certain criteria. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the amounts due from the ZAIS Managed Entities
as a result of this arrangement were as follows: 

These amounts are included in due from related
parties in the consolidated statements of financial condition. 

The amounts due to ZAIS Group from the ZAIS
Managed Entities and other related parties which were not as a result of this arrangement at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 were as follows: 

These amounts are included in due from related
parties in the consolidated statements of financial condition. 

RQSI, Ltd.  

Certain affiliates of Mr. Neil Ramsey
( Mr. Ramsey ) are significant stockholders of ZAIS. 

ZGP has entered into a two-year Consulting
Agreement (the  Consulting Agreement ) with Mr. Ramsey through RQSI, Ltd., an entity
controlled by Mr. Ramsey, under the terms of which, among other things, Mr. Ramsey will provide consulting services to ZGP, ZAIS
Group s senior management team and ZAIS, as requested by ZAIS, from time to time during the 24-month period beginning on
the closing of the Business Combination. Mr. Ramsey may not compete against ZGP during the term of the Consulting Agreement, and
for two years following its termination. In consideration for his undertakings under the Consulting Agreement, ZGP will pay Mr.
Ramsey a consulting fee of $500,000 per annum payable in monthly installments. ZGP may terminate the Consulting Agreement for cause,
as defined in the Consulting Agreement. 

The Company has recorded the following expense
related to the Consulting Agreement for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

The expense is included in general, administrative
and other expenses in the consolidated statements of total comprehensive income. 

ZAIS Group has agreed to use certain statistical
data generated by RQSI, Ltd. models. ZAIS Group will use this information for trading futures in one of the ZAIS Managed Entities. 

ZAIS Group has entered into a month to month
lease agreement with an affiliate of RQSI, Ltd to jointly occupy our UK office. The agreement is terminable upon 30 days 
notice. While there is currently no charge associated with the lease, the total market value of the agreement is approximately
$13,000 per month. 

Other  

ZAIS Group is a party to a
consulting agreement with Ms. Tracy Rohan ( Ms. Rohan ), Mr. Zugel s sister-in-law, pursuant to which Ms. Rohan provides services to
ZAIS Group relating to event planning, promotion, web and print branding and related services. Pursuant to the consulting
agreement, Ms. Rohan earned the following amounts for her services for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015: 

The expense is included in general, administrative
and other expenses in the consolidated statements of total comprehensive income. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the following amounts relating to employee loans were included in due from related parties in the consolidated statements of financial
condition: 

11. Fixed Assets  

Fixed assets consist of the following: 

The Company recognized depreciation expense
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 as follows: 

The change in accumulated depreciation also
includes the change in foreign currency spot rates for each respective period presented. The change in leasehold improvements also
includes a $16,000 reduction due to the translation of the functional currencies of the Company s foreign subsidiaries. Additionally,
the Company wrote-off leasehold improvement costs of approximately $143,000 and the related accumulated amortization of approximately
$129,000, relating to the termination of a portion of its office space in New Jersey (see Note 12   Commitments and Contingencies).
The net expense of approximately $14,000 is included in depreciation expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income
(loss) for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016. 

12. Commitments and Contingencies  

Capital Commitments  

As of September 30, 2016, a portion of the
proceeds of the Business Combination had been committed to expand existing product lines. Up to $51.0 million of equity capital
has been committed to the Consolidated Fund, Zephyr A-6, which would allow this Consolidated Fund to invest in ZAIS Group managed
CLOs and thereby satisfy the risk retention requirements for CLO managers under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As of September
30, 2016, approximately $20.5 million in capital has been contributed to Zephyr A-6 by ZAIS Group. 

Lease Obligations  

ZAIS Group is obligated under operating lease
agreements for office space in the New Jersey and London offices expiring through the end of October 2017. The Company recognizes
expense related to its operating leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Aggregate future minimum annual rental payments
for the periods subsequent to September 30, 2016 are approximately as follows: 

Effective September 30, 2016, the Company terminated
a portion of its lease and reduced its square footage by approximately 2,600 square feet of office space in New Jersey. In connection
with the lease termination, the Company paid a lease termination fee of approximately $20,000 pursuant to the terms of the lease.
Such amount is included in general, administration and other expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 

Rent expense is recognized on a straight-line
basis and is included in general, administrative and other in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 

The Company incurred rent expense for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 as follows: 

Litigation  

From time to time, ZAIS Group may become involved
in various claims, formal regulatory inquiries and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company discloses
information regarding such inquiries if disclosure is required pursuant to accounting and financial reporting standards. While
we are currently involved in a formal regulatory inquiry, in management s opinion, the matter is not appropriate for accrual
or disclosure in the financial statements at September 30, 2016. 

Other Contingencies  

In the normal course of business, ZAIS Group
enters into contracts that provide a variety of indemnifications. Such contracts include those with certain service providers,
brokers and trading counterparties. Any exposure to ZAIS Group under these arrangements could involve future claims that may be
made against ZAIS Group. Currently, no such claims exist or are expected to arise and, accordingly, the Company has not accrued
any liability in connection with such indemnifications. 

Gain Contingencies  

In 2016 the Company received notification from
one of its insurance providers that the Company s claim for reimbursement of certain legal and other costs relating to a
formal regulatory inquiry had been approved. The total approved claim reimbursement for all legal and other costs incurred in excess
of the $500,000 deductible was approximately $873,000. Pursuant to the guidance under ASC 450,  Contingencies   Gain Contingencies ,
approximately $578,000 of the insurance reimbursements receivable has been recorded to other income (expense) in the consolidated
statements of total comprehensive income (loss) for the portion that related to the costs incurred for the year ended December
31, 2015 in excess of the Company s insurance deductible and a corresponding amount has been recorded to other assets in
the consolidated statements of financial position. The Company also recorded approximately $295,000 of the insurance reimbursements
receivable to other assets in the consolidated statements of financial position and a corresponding offset to general, administrative
and other expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the portion that related to legal costs incurred
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company received
insurance reimbursements of approximately $41,000 and $738,000, respectively. At September 30, 2016, approximately $135,000 of
insurance reimbursements receivable noted above is included in other assets in the consolidated statements of financial position. 

13. Segment Reporting  

The ZAIS Managed Entities segment is currently
the Company s only reportable segment, and represents the Company s core business, as substantially all of the Company s
operations are conducted through this segment. The ZAIS Managed Entities segment provides investment advisory and asset management
services to the ZAIS Managed Entities. 

14. Stockholders  Equity  

Preferred Stock  

The Company is authorized to issue 2,000,000
shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined
time to time by the Company s board of directors. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no shares of preferred
stock issued or outstanding. 

Class A Common Stock  

The Company is authorized to issue 180,000,000
shares of Class A Common Stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of record of Class A Common Stock are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

The Company issued 30,000 shares of Class A
Common Stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to the RSUs which vested during the periods. There were no
other issuances of Class A Common Stock during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
there were 13,900,917 and 13,870,917 shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Class B Common Stock  

The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000
shares of Class B Common Stock with a par value of $0.000001 per share. The Class B Common Stock has no economic rights and therefore
is not considered participating securities for purposes of allocation of net income (loss). Holders of record of Class B Common
Stock are entitled to ten votes for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. At September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, there were 20,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding, held by the ZGH Class B Voting Trust. 

15. Earnings Per Share  

Shares of Class B common stock have no impact
on the calculation of consolidated net income (loss) per share of Class A common stock as holders of Class B common stock do not
participate in net income or dividends, and thus, are not participating securities. 

The following table presents a reconciliation
of the earnings and shares used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share: 

(1)   
         
      Amount represents portion of the management fee income received from ZFC REIT that is payable to holders of Class B interests in ZAIS Group s consolidated subsidiary ZAIS REIT Management.   
 
       (2)   
         
      Income tax (benefit) / expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 is calculated using an assumed tax rate of 40.85%. See Note 9,  Income Taxes  for details surrounding income taxes.   
 
       (3)   
         
      The treasury stock method is used to calculate incremental Class A common shares on potentially dilutive Class A common shares resulting from unvested Class B-0 Units granted in connection with and subsequent to the Business Combination and unvested RSUs granted to non-employee directors. These units are anti-dilutive and, consequently, have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding.   
 
       (4)   
         
      Number of diluted shares outstanding takes into account non-controlling interests of ZGP that may be exchanged for Class A Common Stock under certain circumstances.   

16. Supplemental Financial Information  

The following supplemental financial information
illustrates the consolidating effects of the Consolidated Funds on the Company s financial position at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, and results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.
Subsequent to the filing of the 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2015, the Company elected to early adopt ASU 2015-02
with an effective date of January 1, 2015. As a result of this adoption, the majority of the ZAIS Managed Entities which were consolidated
in the 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2015 were deconsolidated.  Additionally, subsequent to the filing of
the June 30, 2015 and September 30, 2015 10-Q s, in December 2015 additional interpretations of ASU 2015-02 became available
to the Company. As a result of these new interpretations, the Company reviewed its previous conclusions and determined that additional
entities should be deconsolidated. There was no impact on the income (loss) allocated to ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc. Stockholders
Equity as a result of this adoption. The September 30, 2015 figures below reflect the consolidated results of the Company for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2015-02 and the December 31, 2015 figures below
reflect the consolidated results of the Company as of December 31, 2015, subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2015-02: 

17. Subsequent Events  

ZAIS CLO 5, which priced on September
23, 2016, closed on October 26, 2016 and has a maturity date of October 2028. At the CLO closing, the following amounts, which
are included in the Company s consolidated statement of financial position at September 30, 2016, were settled: (i) the
payable for securities purchased of $20.3 million (ii) the receivable for securities sold of $40.0 million and (iii) the dividend
receivable of $8.3 million. The Company is currently evaluating whether or not the investment in ZAIS CLO 5 will need to be consolidated
in its financial statements in accordance with ASU 2015-02  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis . 

On October 31, 2016, the Company received an
$8.0 million termination fee upon completion of ZFC REITs merger with Sutherland Asset Management Corp. pursuant to the Termination
Agreement. As a result, ZAIS Group s management fees and AUM related to mortgage strategies are expected to decrease by approximately
$2.8 million, annually on a run-rate basis, and $0.589 billion, based on the REIT AUM at September 30, 2016, respectively. 

On November 1, 2016 the Company issued 74,331
RSUs to the non-employee directors of ZAIS at a grant date fair value of $2.02 pursuant to ZAIS s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. 

Item 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, references
to (i) the  Company  refer to ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc. ( ZAIS ), together, as the context may require,
with its consolidated subsidiaries, (ii)  ZAIS Group  refer to ZAIS Group, LLC, and (iii)  ZGP  refer to
ZAIS Group Parent, LLC.  

This discussion contains forward-looking
statements and involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described in  Risk
Factors  of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015   (the  Annual Report on
Form 10-K ) and in other reports filed with the U.S Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Actual results
and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements due to a number of factors,
including those in the section entitled  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other
SEC reports describing key risks associated with ZAIS and its subsidiaries  business, operations and industry. Amounts and
percentages presented throughout this management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
may reflect rounding adjustments and as a result, totals may not appear to sum. The following discussion and analysis should be
read in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes of the Company included elsewhere in
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

Overview  

ZAIS is a holding company conducting
substantially all of its operations through ZAIS Group, a subsidiary of ZAIS s majority-owned subsidiary, ZGP. ZAIS
Group is an investment advisory and asset management firm focused on specialized credit. ZAIS Group is an investment advisor
registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and is also registered with the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission as a Commodity Pool Operator and Commodity Trading Advisor. ZAIS Group provides investment advisory and asset
management services to private funds, separately managed accounts, structured vehicles and, through October 31, 2016, ZAIS
Financial Corp. ( ZFC REIT ), a publicly traded mortgage real estate investment trust (collectively, the
 ZAIS Managed Entities ). The ZAIS Managed Entities predominantly invest in a variety of specialized credit
instruments including bank loans, corporate credit instruments such as collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs )
and collateralized loan obligations (together with the CDOs referred to as  CLOs ) and various securities and
instruments backed by these asset classes. ZAIS Group also serves as the general partner to certain ZAIS Managed Entities,
which are generally organized as pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  ZAIS Group had approximately $3.844 billion
of assets under management ( AUM ) as of September 30, 2016 which is
primarily comprised of (i) total assets for mark-to-market funds and separately managed accounts; (ii) uncalled
capital commitments, if any, for funds that are not in liquidation; and (iii) for issued structured vehicles, all assets
being managed calculated per the management fee basis methodology defined in the respective vehicles  indenture,
although in certain circumstances some or all of the referenced management fees may be waived.  AUM also includes assets
in the warehouse phase for new structured credit vehicles and is based on actual assets managed without reductions for
leverage and most other liabilities and includes all assets regardless of whether management fees are being earned. 

ZAIS REIT Management, LLC ( ZAIS REIT
Management ), a majority owned subsidiary of ZAIS Group, is the external investment advisor to ZFC REIT. On April 7, 2016,
ZFC REIT announced that it had entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the  Merger Agreement ). The ZFC REIT
merger closed on October 31, 2016. In connection with the Merger Agreement, ZAIS REIT Management entered into a termination agreement
(the  Termination Agreement ), whereby the current advisory agreement under which ZAIS REIT Management receives management
fees from ZFC REIT was terminated upon closing of the merger on October 31, 2016. As a result, ZAIS Group s management fees
and AUM related to mortgage strategies are expected to decrease by approximately $2.8 million, annually on a run-rate basis, and
$0.589 billion, based on the REIT AUM at September 30, 2016, respectively. 

ZAIS Group commenced operations in July 1997,
is headquartered in Red Bank, New Jersey and has an office in London. ZAIS Group is a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary of ZGP,
a majority-owned consolidated subsidiary of ZAIS. ZGP became the sole member and 100% equity owner of ZAIS Group on March 31, 2014
pursuant to a merger transaction which is described in detail in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
SEC on March 23, 2015 (the  Closing 8-K ). 

The Company s primary sources of revenues
are (i) management fee income, which is based predominantly on the AUM of the ZAIS Managed Entities (ii) incentive income, which
is based on the investment performance of the ZAIS Managed Entities and (iii) income of the consolidated ZAIS Managed Entities
(the  Consolidated Funds ) which is based on the income generated from the portfolios of the Consolidated Funds, a
portion of which is allocated to non-controlling interests in Consolidated Funds. All of the management fee income and incentive
income earned by ZAIS Group from the Consolidated Funds is eliminated in consolidation. 

ZAIS
CLO 5, Limited ( ZAIS CLO 5 ), closed on October 26, 2016. The CLO invests primarily in first lien senior secured
bank loans and has a total capitalization of $408.5 million, which consists of debt of $368.0 million and equity of $40.5 million.
ZAIS CLO 5 has a maturity date of October 2028. At September 30, 2016, ZAIS Zephyr A-6, LP, ( Zephyr A-6 ) which is
consolidated by the Company, has an initial investment of $20.3 million in ZAIS CLO 5 which represents approximately 2% economic
interest in the debt tranches and approximately 32% economic interest in the equity of ZAIS CLO 5. The Company is currently evaluating
whether or not the investment in ZAIS CLO 5 will need to be consolidated in its financial statements in accordance with ASU 2015-02
 Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ( ASU 2015-02  ) .  

Organization Structure  

The following diagram illustrates
the Company s current corporate structure: 

Recapitalization as a Result of a Business
Combination  

On October 5, 2012, ZAIS, formerly known as
HF2 Financial Management Inc. ( HF2 ) was formed as a blank check company whose objective was to acquire, through a
merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination, one
or more businesses or entities. On September 16, 2014, HF2 entered into an Investment Agreement, as defined in the Closing 8-K,
with ZGP and the members of ZGP (including Christian Zugel, the former managing member of ZGP and the founder and Chief Investment
Officer of ZAIS Group, and certain related parties, collectively, the  ZGP Founder Members ), under which HF2 agreed
to contribute cash to ZGP in exchange for newly issued Class A Units of ZGP ( Class A Units ) representing a majority
financial interest in ZGP (the  Business Combination ) and to cause the transfer of all of its outstanding shares of
Class B Common Stock, par value $0.000001 (the  Class B Common Stock ) to the ZGP Founder Members. All Class B Common
Stock was then immediately deposited into a newly created irrevocable voting trust (the  ZGH Class B Voting Trust ),
of which Mr. Zugel is the sole trustee. The Class B Common Stock has no economic rights and therefore is not considered a participating
security for purposes of allocation of net income (loss) of the Company. 

On March 9, 2015, the stockholders of HF2 approved
the Business Combination and the transaction closed on March 17, 2015 (the  Closing ). In connection with the Closing,
HF2 changed its name to ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc. Please refer to Note 2 -  Business Combination  of the Company s
consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Prior to the Closing,
HF2 was a shell company with no operations. Upon the Closing, ZAIS became a holding company whose assets primarily consist of an
approximate 66.5% interest in its majority-owned subsidiary, ZGP. Prior to the Closing, Christian Zugel served as the managing
member of ZGP. Upon the Closing, ZAIS became the managing member of ZGP. 

Consolidation of ZAIS Managed Entities  

The Company adopted ASU 2015-02 as of January
1, 2015. Pursuant to this guidance, the Company is required to consolidate certain of the ZAIS Managed Entities in which it
holds a variable interest and is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. Subsequent to the filing of the 10-Q for the three months
ended March 31, 2015, the Company elected to early adopt ASU 2015-02 with an effective date of January 1, 2015. As a result of
this adoption, the majority of the ZAIS Managed Entities which were consolidated in the 10-Q for the three months ended March 31,
2015 were deconsolidated.  Additionally, subsequent to the filing of the June 30, 2015 and September 30, 2015 10-Q s,
in December 2015 additional interpretations of ASU 2015-02 became available to the Company. As a result of these new interpretations,
the Company reviewed its previous conclusions and determined that additional entities should be deconsolidated. There was no impact
on the income (loss) allocated to ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc. Stockholders  Equity as a result of this adoption. Accordingly,
amounts included within this MD A will differ from those within the 10Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

When a ZAIS Managed Entity is consolidated,
the assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and cash flows of that entity are reflected on a gross basis, subject to eliminations
in consolidation. The consolidation has no effect on the Company s net income since its share of the earnings from these
Consolidated Funds is included in equity. Additionally, the presentation of incentive income, compensation expense and other expenses
associated with generating such reclassified revenue is not affected by the consolidation process. 

The Dodd-Frank credit risk retention rules
will apply to any CLO that closes (or in certain cases are materially amended) on or after December 24, 2016. As currently drafted,
the rules specify that for each such CLO, the relevant collateral manager must purchase and hold, unhedged, directly or through
a majority-owned affiliate, either (i) 5% of each tranche of the CLO s securities, (ii) an amount of the CLO s equity
equal to 5% of the aggregate fair value of all of the CLO s securities or (iii) a combination of the two. The required risk
must be retained until the latest of (i) the date that the CLO has paid down its securities to 33% of their original principal
amount, (ii) the date that the CLO has sold down its assets to 33% of their original principal amount and (iii) the date that is
two years after closing. The Company will continue to assess its investments in the CLOs to determine whether or not the Company
will be required to consolidate the CLOs in its financial statements. 

Core Business   

Revenues  

The Company s principal sources of revenues
are management fees and incentive fees for investment advisory services provided to the ZAIS Managed Entities. For any given period,
the Company s revenues are influenced by the amount of AUM, the investment performance and the timing of when incentive income
is recognized for certain of the ZAIS Managed Entities, as discussed below. 

Management fees.  ZAIS Group
earns management fees for funds and accounts, monthly or quarterly or annually, based on the net asset value of these funds
and accounts prior to the accrual of incentive fees/allocations. Management fees earned for the CLOs, it manages are
generally based on the par value of the collateral and cash held in the CLOs. Management fees earned from ZFC REIT,
quarterly, are based on ZFC REIT s stockholders' equity, as defined in the amended and restated investment advisory
agreement between ZAIS Group s consolidated subsidiary ZAIS REIT Management and ZFC REIT. Twenty percent of the
management fee income received from ZFC REIT is paid to holders of Class B interests in ZAIS REIT Management. The income is
recorded as management fee income on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), and the portion of the
management fees allocated to the holders of Class B interests in ZAIS REIT Management is included in the allocation of income
(loss) to non-controlling interests in ZAIS Group Parent, LLC. The payment to the Class B interests in ZAIS REIT Management
is recorded as distributions to non-controlling interests in ZAIS Group Parent, LLC. Pursuant to the Termination Agreement,
the current advisory agreement under which ZAIS REIT Management receives management fees from ZFC REIT was terminated on
October 31, 2016. 

In addition to the management fee income mentioned
above, subordinated management fees may be earned from CLOs for which ZAIS Group, or a wholly owned subsidiary of ZAIS Group, acts
as collateral manager. The subordinated management fee is an additional payment for the same service, but has a lower priority
in the CLO s cash flows. The subordinated management fee is contingent upon the economic performance of the respective CLO
assets. If the CLOs experience a certain level of asset defaults, these fees may not be paid. There is no recovery by the CLOs
of previously paid subordinated fees. ZAIS Group recognizes the subordinated management fee income when collection is reasonably
assured and all related contingencies have been removed. 

Incentive income.  Incentive income is
recognized when it is (i) contractually receivable, (ii) fixed or determinable, also referred to as crystallized and (iii) all
related contingencies have been removed and collection is reasonably assured, which generally occurs in the quarter of, or the
quarter immediately prior to, the distribution of the income by the ZAIS Managed Entities. The criteria for revenue recognition
are typically met only after all contributed capital and the preferred return, if any, on that capital have been distributed to
the ZAIS Managed Entities  investors for vehicles with private equity-style fee arrangements, and is typically met only after
any profits exceed a high-water mark for vehicles with hedge fund-style fee arrangements. 

For funds and accounts with hedge
fund-style fee arrangements, incentive income is earned based on a percentage of the net realized and unrealized profits
attributable to each investor, subject to a hurdle (if any) set forth in each respective entity s operative agreement.
Additionally, all funds and accounts with hedge fund-style fee arrangements are subject to a perpetual loss carry forward, or
 perpetual high-water mark,  meaning that the funds and accounts will not pay incentive fees/allocations with
respect to positive investment performance generated for an investor in any year following negative investment performance
until that loss is recouped, at which point an investor s capital balance surpasses the high-water mark. The funds and
accounts pay incentive fees/allocations, generally on an annual basis, on any net profits in excess of the high-water mark,
subject to a hurdle rate of return, where applicable. Funds and accounts with private equity-style fee arrangements are those
that pay incentive fee/allocation based on a priority of payments under which investor capital must be returned and a
preferred return, as specified in each fund s operative agreement, must be paid to the investor prior to any payments
of incentive-based income to ZAIS Group. For CLOs, incentive income is earned based on a percentage of cumulative profits,
subject to the return of contributed capital (and subordinate management fees, if any), and a preferred inception to date
return as specified in the respective CLOs  collateral management agreements. The advisory agreement between ZAIS Group
and ZFC REIT did not provide for incentive fees. 

The management fees and incentive income from
the Consolidated Funds are eliminated in consolidation, and therefore are not reflected as revenue in the Company s consolidated
financial statements. ZAIS Group s share of the earnings from the consolidated ZAIS Managed Entities is increased by the
amount of the management fees and incentive income that are eliminated in consolidation. 

The
following table presents the range of management and incentive fee rates on our funds and accounts, CLO s and ZFC REIT during
the respective periods presented:  

(1)   
      Incentive income earned for certain of the ZAIS Managed Entities is subject to a hurdle rate of return as specified in each respective ZAIS Managed Entities  operative agreement.   

Other revenues.  Fees for consulting,
data, funding and analytical services provided to outside parties and affiliated funds are accrued as earned. 

Expenses  

Compensation and benefits.  Compensation
and benefits expense is comprised of salaries, payroll taxes, employer contributions to welfare plans and discretionary and guaranteed
cash bonuses, stock compensation, severance and other contractual compensation programs payable to employees and non-employee directors.
Compensation and benefits expense is generally recognized over the related service period. On an annual basis, compensation and
benefits comprise a significant portion of total expenses. Discretionary and guaranteed cash bonuses, stock compensation and other
contractual compensation programs generally comprise a significant portion of total compensation and benefits. Levels of incentive
compensation will vary to the extent they are tied to financial and operating performance of the Company and in some cases, to
the performance of certain ZAIS Managed Entities. 

The Company s compensation plans include
the following: 

ZAIS Group, LLC Income
Unit Plan  

Under the Income Unit Plan, a portion of ZAIS
Group s net operating income (after making certain adjustments) was due to certain of ZAIS Group s employees. These
amounts were accrued as compensation expense in the period incurred. This plan was terminated effective December 31, 2014. No further
amounts are payable under this plan. 

Cash and Equity Based
Awards  

Compensation and benefits relating to the issuance
of cash-based and equity-based awards to certain employees and non-employee directors is measured at fair value on the grant date.
Compensation expense for awards that vest over a future service period is recognized over the relevant service period on a straight-line
basis, adjusted for estimated forfeitures of awards not expected to vest. The compensation expense for awards that do not require
future service is recognized immediately. Upon the end of the service period, compensation expense is adjusted to account for actual
forfeiture rates. 

On March 29, 2016, the Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors of ZAIS adopted a retention payment plan for certain employees of ZAIS Group (the  Retention Payment
Plan ). The Retention Payment Plan applies to approximately 60 employees of ZAIS Group who have an annual base salary of less
than $300,000. The purpose of the Retention Payment Plan is to enable ZAIS Group to retain the services of its employees in order
to ensure that ZAIS Group is not disrupted or adversely affected by the possible loss of personnel or their commitment to ZAIS
Group. Under the Retention Payment Plan, the participating employees are entitled to receive cash retention payments on each of
April 15, 2016, August 15, 2016 and November 15, 2016, if the employee remains employed by ZAIS Group on such dates. The maximum
aggregate amount of retention payments that may be paid to all participants under the Retention Payment Plan is $4.5 million. All
payments under the Retention Payment Plan will be amortized equally over the required service period ending on each of the three
payment dates discussed above. In the event an award is forfeited pursuant to the terms of a respective Retention Payment Plan
agreement, the corresponding accruals will be reversed. In addition, on March 1, 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors of ZAIS approved a retention payment of $900,000 to Howard Steinberg, the Company's General Counsel, which was paid
on March 15, 2016 and is included in compensation and benefits in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Compensation
Directly Related to Incentive Income (also referred to as  Points )   

ZAIS Group previously entered into agreements
with employees to share with them a percentage of income generated from certain ZAIS Managed Entities ( Points Agreements ).
Under existing Points Agreements, ZAIS Group has an obligation to pay a fixed percentage of the incentive income earned from the
referenced entities, including income from the Consolidated Funds that is eliminated in consolidation, to certain employees and
former employees. Amounts payable pursuant to the Points Agreements are recorded as compensation expense when they become probable
and reasonably estimable. The determination of when the Points become probable and reasonably estimable so that Points expense
should be recorded is based on the assessment of numerous factors, particularly those related to the profitability, realizations,
distribution status, investment profile and commitments or contingencies of certain ZAIS Managed Entities for which Points Agreements
have been awarded. Points are expensed no later than the period in which the underlying income is recognized. Payment of the Points
generally occurs later than when the related income is received. Recipients  rights to receive payments related to their
Points Agreement are subject to forfeiture risks. ZAIS Group does not anticipate entering into additional Points Agreements. 

General, administrative and other.  General,
administrative and other expenses are related to professional services, research services, occupancy and equipment, technology,
travel and entertainment, insurance and other miscellaneous expenses. 

Net gain (loss) on investments.  Net
gain (loss) on investments primarily consists of net gains and losses on the Company s investments in the ZAIS Managed Entities. 

Allocation of consolidated net income (loss)
to non-controlling interests in Consolidated Funds.  Portion of consolidated net income (loss) attributable to investors in
the Consolidated Funds that do not have the right to redeem their interests. 

Consolidated Funds  

Income of Consolidated Funds.  Revenues
consist primarily of interest income and dividend income which is recognized on an effective interest rate method. 

Expenses of Consolidated Funds.  Expenses
consist of interest expense, fund operating expenses and other miscellaneous expenses. 

Net gains of Consolidated Funds  investments. 
Net gains consist of net realized and unrealized gains and losses on investments held by the Consolidated Funds. 

Trends Affecting Our Business   

AUM has been trending downward since 2007.
This trend results from the wind-up and liquidation of a number of private equity-style and structured vehicles combined with challenges
ZAIS Group has faced in raising new capital in the recent investment environment of lower interest rates and changing regulations.
Structured credit products have been disfavored by many investors and European investors have generally reduced investments in
certain securitized investment vehicles due to increased capital regulatory requirements. 

The reduction in AUM has decreased the Company s
management fees and incentive fees, which are the Company s two principal sources of operating cash flow. As a result of
this reduction, in 2015 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 revenues and operating cash flow were insufficient to
cover operating expenses, and excess working capital needs were funded by the proceeds of the Business Combination. It is currently
expected that this negative working capital trend is likely to continue through the end of 2016. Additionally, as a result of the
completion of the merger between ZFC REIT and Sutherland Asset Management Corp, ZAIS Group s management fees and AUM related
to mortgage strategies are expected to decrease by approximately $2.8 million, annually on a run-rate basis, and $0.589 billion,
based on the REIT AUM at September 30, 2016, respectively. The decrease in management fees for this fiscal year will be offset
by the receipt of the termination fee in the amount of $8.0 million pursuant to the Termination Agreement on October 31, 2016. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures   

Net income (loss) (excluding Consolidated Funds of ZAIS Group)
and Adjusted EBITDA   

The Company s management reviews its
results on both a Net income (loss) (excluding Consolidated Funds of ZAIS Group) and an Adjusted EBITDA basis. Net income (loss)
(excluding Consolidated Funds of ZAIS Group) and Adjusted EBITDA are key performance measures used by management when making operating
decisions, assessing financial performance and allocating capital resources. Net income (loss) (excluding Consolidated Funds of
ZAIS Group) and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the adjustments described below that are required
for presentation of the Company s results on a GAAP basis These measures supplement and should be considered in addition
to and not in lieu of the results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP: 

Adjustments to Net income (loss) to derive
Net income (loss) (excluding Consolidated Funds of ZAIS Group): 

Consolidating effects of the Consolidated Funds . Amounts related
to the Consolidated Funds, including the related eliminations of management fees, incentive income, other revenues and gain (loss)
on investments. Management fees from the Consolidated Funds are accrued as earned and are calculated and paid monthly, quarterly
or semi-annually, depending on the individual agreements, consistent with the revenue recognition policy for the funds the Company
does not consolidate. The Company also defers the recognition of incentive income from certain funds that the Company does not
consolidate until it is (i) contractually receivable, (ii) fixed or determinable ( crystallized ), and (iii) all related
contingencies have been removed and collection is reasonably assured, consistent with the revenue recognition policy for the Consolidated
Funds.    

Adjustments to Net income (loss) (excluding
Consolidated Funds of ZAIS Group) to derive Adjusted EBITDA: 

Compensation
expense related to the Income Unit Plan . The Income Unit Plan was implemented in 2013 and was designed to deliver equity-like
participation in ZAIS Group s pre-tax income to key employees. Payments under the Income Unit Plan were recognized as compensation
under GAAP. The Income Unit Plan was terminated effective December 31, 2014.  

Compensation
expense related to Points awards recorded before related incentive income being recognized . This adjustment reclassifies certain
incentive compensation expenses into the accounting periods in which the associated incentive income was received and recognized.
Certain of ZAIS Group s legacy incentive compensation programs provided incentive compensation payments equal to a fixed
percentage of incentive income received by ZAIS Group and were due and payable in the period ZAIS Group received the incentive
income. Under GAAP, a portion of these incentive compensation payments are required to be recognized in accounting periods prior
to the accounting periods in which the related incentive income was received and recognized. Currently there is only one incentive
compensation program that may cause similar timing mismatch issues for financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.  

Equity-based
compensation . Management does not consider these non-cash expenses to be reflective of operating performance.  

Severance .
Management does not consider these expenses to be reflective of ongoing operating performance.  

Impairment
loss on goodwill . Management does not consider these expenses to be reflective of ongoing operating performance.  

Certain
other non-cash and non-operating items.   

Any
applicable taxes, interest expense, foreign currency translation adjustments and depreciation expenses .  

The calculation of Adjusted EBITDA may not
be directly comparable to other similar non-GAAP financial measures reported by other asset managers. The Company believes that
Adjusted EBITDA is a useful benchmark for measuring its performance. Management also believes that investors should review the
same supplemental financial measures that management uses to analyze the business. Management also reviews management fee income,
incentive income, other revenues, compensation and benefits, non-compensation expenses and net gain (loss) on investments on an
Adjusted EBITDA basis after excluding the adjustments described above. As a result, the metrics are also considered non-GAAP financial
measures. 

Previously, the Company decided to eliminate
Distributable Earnings and use only Net income (loss) (excluding Consolidated Funds of ZAIS Group) and Adjusted EBITDA as its primary
non-GAAP measures.  This change was made because management believed the differences between Distributable Earnings and Adjusted
EBITDA were not significant, and that Net income (loss) (excluding Consolidated Funds of ZAIS Group) and Adjusted EBITDA were more
meaningful measures of performance.  In addition, the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA was modified in order to better reflect
how management views our operating results. The measure now incorporates the investment income of its general partner
investments, and eliminates the impact of severance and foreign currency adjustments that management does not consider to be reflective
of on-going operating performance. 

Results of Operations  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months
Ended September 30, 2015  

Revenues   

Total revenues decreased by $0.8 million primarily
due to: 

A $0.5 million decrease in management fees was primarily due to the year-over-year reduction in average AUM of $0.383 billion.     

A $0.3 million decrease in
    incentive income primarily due to incentive income recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2015 relating to a
    managed account which liquidated in 2015 and residual incentive income received which related to 2014 fund performance,
    offset by an increase in incentive income recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016 related to a fund in
    which incentive income crystallized on September 30, 2016 and a managed account which liquidated on September 30,
    2016.   

The following adjustments to revenue have
been made when calculating Adjusted EBITDA   Non-GAAP for the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

$0.2 million of management fee elimination is added back to management fee income.   

There were no adjustments to revenues when calculating
Adjusted EBITDA   Non-GAAP for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

The following table details the changes to
our AUM for three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. The methodology for calculating AUM is described in the
Overview section. 

(2)    Contributions
related to funds, managed accounts and structured vehicles.  

(3)    Distributions
related to funds, managed accounts and structured vehicles.  

(4)    Redemptions
related to funds and managed accounts.  

(5)    Gain
  Loss related to funds and managed accounts.  

(6)    Other
represents changes primarily related to (i) leverage and other operating liabilities for funds and managed accounts and (ii) leverage,
aggregate principal balance and other items for structured vehicles. Change in aggregate principal balance is primarily due to
defaults, write downs, pay downs and collateral purchase/sales.  

(8)    Average
is based on the beginning and ending balance for the period presented.  

(11)  Amount primarily consists of $212.7 million of assets
related to ZAIS CLO 5. In connection with the pricing of CLO 5, there was (i) a reduction in leverage of $153.4 million for the
obligation to repay the ZAIS CLO 5 related warehouse financing and (ii) an $8.3 million distribution to the equity investor in
the warehouse phase. These amounts are included in the Other and Distributions rows in the above table. There was also $0.6 million
of reductions related to change in aggregate principal balance and other items for ZAIS CLO 5 during the period which is included
in Other in the table above. 

Expenses   

Total expenses decreased by $1.3 million primarily
due to: 

A $0.4 million increase in compensation and benefits primarily due to: a $2.0 million increase in incentive compensation primarily relating to the accrual for year-end bonuses in 2016 and the payment of retention bonuses during the three months ended September 30, 2016; offset by a $1.3 million decrease in salaries and associated payroll taxes and other employee benefits due to the reduction in force and other restructuring; a $0.1 million decrease in severance costs; and a $0.1 million decrease in equity compensation relating to an increase in the estimated forfeiture rate on the Company s B-0 units.   

A $1.4 million decrease in general,
    administrative and other expenses, primarily due to: a $0.8 million decrease in professional fees and a $0.6 million decrease
    relating to a focused expense reduction.    

The following adjustments to expenses have been
made when calculating Adjusted EBITDA   Non-GAAP for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

Equity compensation of $1.3 million and severance costs of $0.03 million are added back to compensation and benefits for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  Equity compensation of $1.4 million and severance costs of $0.1 million are added back to compensation and benefits for the three months ended September 30, 2015.   

ZAIS Group s results of operations depend,
in part, on the level of ZAIS Group s expenses, which can vary from period to period. The Company currently anticipates that
its expenses will exceed its revenues in 2016, as they did in 2015 and the three months ended September 30, 2016. While the Company
is seeking to reduce the expense imbalance by increasing revenue with new business growth and reducing expenses, there can be no
assurances that ZAIS Group will correct this expense imbalance in 2016 or beyond.  

Other Income (Loss)   

Total other income increased by $4.1 million primarily due to a
        $4.1 million increase in net gains (losses) on Consolidated Funds  investments related to Zephyr A-6, a new Consolidated
        Fund which launched in the fourth quarter 2015. This Consolidated Fund is solely invested in a CLO, which is categorized as a Level
        3 asset in the fair value hierarchy. For more information on the Company's valuation policy for Level 3 assets, see Note 4,  Fair
        Value of Investments , to the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements. 
           
         $4.1 million of net gain (loss) on Consolidated Fund s
        investments is removed from other income (loss) to derive Adjusted  EBITDA
          Non-GAAP for the three months ended September 30, 2016. This amount is offset by  $2.0 million of net gain
        (loss) on investments attributable         to         the Company s         investment in the Consolidated Fund which
        is added back to other income (loss) to         derive Adjusted         EBITDA   Non-GAAP for the three         months
        ended September 30, 2016.   

Income Taxes   

Income tax (benefit) expense
decreased by $1.5 million due to the full valuation allowance booked on the Company s deferred tax asset during the three
months ended September 30, 2016. 

As of each reporting date, management considers
new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect its view of the future realization of deferred tax assets. As of September
30, 2016, the Company has determined that the most recent management business forecasts do not support the realization of net deferred
tax assets recorded for the Company. The Company has recorded a book loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and it
is anticipated that expenses will continue to exceed revenues in 2016. Although management intends to pursue various initiatives
with potential to alter the operating loss trend, there is no specific plan that has been implemented at this point in time that
will alter the negative earnings trend. 

Accordingly, management
continues to believe that it is not more likely than not that the Company s deferred tax asset will be realized, and the
Company has continued to maintain the full valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset of as of September 30, 2016. The
Company has recorded a reduction in its valuation allowance of $0.3 million in its consolidated statements of comprehensive income
(loss) relating to the net operating losses and other temporary differences related to the Company s allocable share of the
consolidated results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The Company intends to maintain a
full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion
of these allowances.   

See Note 9,  Income
Taxes  to the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the items affecting
the Company s effective income tax. 

As of and for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company was not required to establish a liability for uncertain tax positions .  

Foreign currency translation adjustment   

Changes in the foreign currency translation
adjustment are due to fluctuations in the exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period that the Company uses to
translate the assets and liabilities of its foreign subsidiaries. 

Net
Income (Loss) Allocated to Non-controlling Interests    

The following table presents the components
of the net income (loss) allocated to non-controlling interests in Consolidated Funds and to non-controlling interests in ZGP: 

A $1.9 million increase in the net income
    allocated to non-controlling interests in Consolidated Funds related to Zephyr A-6, a new Consolidated Fund which was
    launched in the fourth quarter of 2015.   

A $1.0 million decrease in net loss allocated to non-controlling interests in ZGP is driven primarily by the quarter-over-quarter reduction in expenses and the increase in unrealized gains on investments, partially offset by the reduction in management fees and incentive income.   

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc.
Stockholders  Equity   

The decrease in net loss attributable to
ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc. stockholders  equity is driven primarily by the decrease in deferred tax assets as the
Company continues to maintain the full valuation allowance which was originally established at December 31, 2015 and the
quarter over quarter reduction in management fees and incentive income, partially offset by the reduction in expenses and
the increase in unrealized gains on investments. 

Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures  

The following table presents the reconciliation
of the Company s consolidated GAAP net income, net of tax to its non-GAAP financial measure of net income (loss) (excluding
Consolidated Funds of ZAIS Group) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the reconciliations
of the Company s GAAP pre-tax consolidated net income to its non-GAAP financial measures of Adjusted EBITDA for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2015  

Revenues   

Total revenues decreased by $3.3 million primarily
due to: 

A $1.2 million decrease in management fees primarily due to the year-over-year reduction in average AUM of $.202 billion.     

A $2.1 million decrease in
    incentive income primarily due to residual incentive income recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2015
    relating to CLO s and funds which liquidated in 2014 and early 2015 offset by an increase in incentive income
    recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to a managed account in which incentive income is
    crystallized monthly, a fund which crystalized on September 30, 2016 and a managed account which liquidated on September 30,
    2016.   

The following adjustments to revenue have been
made when calculating Adjusted EBITDA   Non-GAAP for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

$0.2 million of management fee elimination is added back to management fee income.   

There were no adjustments to revenues when
calculating Adjusted EBITDA   Non-GAAP for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The following table details the changes to
our AUM for nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. The methodology for calculating AUM is described in the
Overview section. 

(1)  
      AUM uses values for: Euro Epics and Galleria V as of December 10, 2015, ZING IX as of December 3, 2015, CLO 1 as of December 4, 2015, CLO 2 as of December 16, 2015 and CLO 3 as of December 15, 2015.   
 
      (2)  
      Contributions related to funds, managed accounts and structured vehicles.   
 
      (3)  
      Distributions related to funds, managed accounts and structured vehicles.   
 
      (4)  
      Redemptions related to funds and managed accounts.   
 
      (5)  
      Gain   Loss related to funds and managed accounts.   
 
      (6)  
      Other represents changes primarily related to (i) leverage and other operating liabilities for funds and managed accounts and (ii) leverage, aggregate principal balance and other items for structured vehicles. Change in aggregate principal balance is primarily due to defaults, write downs, pay downs and collateral purchase/sales.   
 
      (7)  
      AUM uses values for: Euro Epics as of September 8, 2016, Galleria V as of September 9, 2016, ZING IX as of September 2, 2016, CLO 1 and CLO 3 as of September 6, 2016, CLO 2 as of September 15, 2016 and CLO 4 as of September 29, 2016.   
 
      (8)  

Amount includes $212.7 million and $269.4 million of assets
related to ZAIS CLO 5 and CLO 4, respectively. In connection with the pricing of ZAIS CLO 5, there was a (i) reduction in leverage
of $153.4 million for the obligation to repay the ZAIS CLO 5 warehouse financing and (ii) an $8.3 million distribution to the equity
investor in the warehouse phase. These amounts are included in the Other and Distributions rows in the table above. There was also
$0.6 million of reductions related to change in aggregate principal balance and other items for CLO 5 during the period which is
included in Other in the table above. 

In connection with the pricing of CLO 4, there was a reduction
in leverage of $93.5 million for the obligation to repay the CLO 4 warehouse financing and (ii) $23 million of redemptions for
amounts returned to the equity investors in the warehouse phase. These amounts are included in the Other and Redemptions rows
in the table above. There was also a $0.6 million increase related to change in aggregate principal balance and other items for
CLO 4 during the period which is included in Other in the table above.  

(9)  
      Average is based on the beginning and ending balance for the period presented.     
 
      (10)  
      AUM uses values for: ZAIS Value-Added Real Estate Fund I, L.P. ( ZVAREF ) as of September 30, 2014, EPICS I Ltd. ( Epics ) and CO-EPICS I Ltd. ( Co-Epics ) as of December 22, 2014, Euro Epics and Galleria V as of December 10, 2014, ZING IX as of December 3, 2014, CLO 1 as of December 4, 2014 and CLO 2 as of December 16, 2014.   
 
      (11)  

Amount includes $403.8 million of assets related to CLO 3,
respectively. In connection with the pricing of CLO 3, there was a (i) reduction in leverage of $253.3 million for the obligation
to repay the ZAIS CLO 5 warehouse financing (ii) $30 million of distributions for amounts returned to the equity investors in
the warehouse phase. These amounts are included in the Other and Distributions rows in the table above. There was also $14.2 million
of reductions related to change in aggregate principal balance and other items for CLO 3 during the period which is included in
Other in the table above.  

(12)  
      AUM uses values for: Euro Epics and Galleria V as of September 10, 2015, ZING IX as of September 2, 2015, CLO 1 and CLO 3 as of September 3, 2015 and CLO 2 as of September 16, 2015.   

Expenses   

Total expenses decreased by $1.2 million primarily
due to: 

A $3.5 million increase in compensation and
    benefits primarily due to: a $7.0 million increase in incentive compensation primarily relating to the accrual for year-end
    bonuses in 2016 and the payment of retention and sign-on bonuses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016; offset by a
    $2.7 million decrease in salaries and associated payroll taxes and other employee benefits due to the reduction in force and
    other restructuring; a $0.3 million decrease in equity compensation due to the increase in the estimated forfeiture rate
    relating to the reduction in force in March 2016 and a $0.3 million decrease in severance costs.   

A $4.3 million decrease in general, administrative and
other expenses, primarily due to: a $2.7 million decrease in professional fees primarily due to transaction expenses incurred
relating to the Business Combination in 2015; a $0.5 million decrease in occupancy and utilities related to the closure of the
Shanghai office; and a $1.1 million decrease due to a focused expense reduction.    

The following adjustments to expenses have been
made when calculating Adjusted EBITDA   Non-GAAP for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

Equity compensation of $3.0 million and severance costs of $0.8 million are added back for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Equity compensation of $3.3 million and severance costs of $1.1 million are added back to compensation and benefits for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    

ZAIS Group s results of operations depend,
in part, on the level of ZAIS Group s expenses, which can vary from period to period. The Company currently anticipates that
its expenses will exceed its revenues in 2016, as they did in 2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2016. While the Company
is seeking to reduce the expense imbalance by increasing revenue with new business growth and reducing expenses, there can be no
assurances that ZAIS Group will correct this expense imbalance in 2016 or beyond.  

Other Income (Loss)   

Total other income (loss) increased by $8.5
million primarily due to: 

A $0.7 million increase in other income (expense) due to $0.6 million of income relating to an insurance reimbursement for legal and other costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2015.    

A $7.8 million increase in net gains (losses) on Consolidated Funds 
        investments related to Zephyr A-6, a new Consolidated Fund which launched in the fourth quarter 2015. This Consolidated Fund is
        solely invested in a CLO, which is categorized as a Level 3 asset in the fair value hierarchy. For more information on the Company's
        valuation policy for Level 3 assets, see Note 4,  Fair Value of Investments , to the Company's condensed consolidated
        financial statements. 

$7.8 million of net gain (loss) on Consolidated
Fund s investments is removed from other income (loss) to derive Adjusted EBITDA   Non-GAAP for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. This amount is offset by $3.8 million of net gain (loss) on investments attributable to the
Company s investment in the Consolidated Fund is added back to other income (loss) to derive Adjusted EBITDA  
Non-GAAP for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.    

Income Taxes   

Income tax (benefit) expense
decreased by $4.1 million due to the full valuation allowance established for the Company s deferred tax asset at December
31, 2015. 

As of each reporting date, management considers
new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect its view of the future realization of deferred tax assets. As of September
30, 2016, the Company has determined that the most recent management business forecasts do not support the realization of net deferred
tax assets recorded for the Company. The Company has recorded a book loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and it is
anticipated that expenses will continue to exceed revenues in 2016. Although management intends to pursue various initiatives with
potential to alter the operating loss trend, there is no specific plan that has been implemented at this point in time that will
alter the negative earnings trend. 

Accordingly, management
continues to believe that it is not more likely than not that the Company s deferred tax asset will be realized, and the
Company has continued to maintain the full valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset of as of September 30, 2016. The
Company has recorded an additional $3.2 million charge to its consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) relating to
the net operating losses and other temporary differences related to the Company s allocable share of the consolidated results
of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company intends to maintain a full valuation allowance
on its deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances.

See Note 9,  Income Taxes  to the
Company s condensed consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the items affecting the Company s
effective income tax. 

As of and for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company was not required to establish a liability for uncertain tax positions .  

Foreign currency translation adjustment   

Changes in the foreign currency translation
adjustment are due to fluctuations in the exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period that the Company uses to
translate the assets and liabilities of its foreign subsidiaries. 

Net Income (Loss) Allocated to Non-controlling Interests   

The following table presents the components
of the net income (loss) allocated to non-controlling interests in Consolidated Funds and to non-controlling interests in ZGP: 

A $3.7 million increase in the net income
    allocated to non-controlling interests in Consolidated Funds related to Zephyr A-6, a new Consolidated Fund which was
    launched in the fourth quarter of 2015.     

A $3.5 million decrease in net loss allocated to non-controlling interests in ZGP is primarily due to the timing of the Business Combination, which did not close until March 17, 2015.  Accordingly, the non-controlling interests in ZGP were allocated a larger portion of the losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc.
Stockholders  Equity   

The increase in net loss attributable to ZAIS
Group Holdings, Inc. equity is primarily due to the timing of the Business Combination, which did not close until March 17, 2015.
Accordingly, the stockholders  of ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc. were allocated a smaller portion of the losses during the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. Additionally, the increase in net loss was due to a decrease in deferred tax assets as the Company
continues to maintain the full valuation allowance which was originally established at December 31, 2015 and the reduction in management
fees and incentive income, partially offset by the reduction in expenses and the increase in unrealized gains on investments. 

Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures  

The following table presents the reconciliation
of the Company s consolidated GAAP net income, net of tax to its non-GAAP financial measure of net income (loss) (excluding
Consolidated Funds of ZAIS Group) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the reconciliations
of the Company s GAAP pre-tax consolidated net income to its non-GAAP financial measures of Adjusted EBITDA for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

Performance of ZAIS Group s Funds  

ZAIS Group currently manages various funds
and managed accounts. The below table sets forth unaudited net performance returns for the month ended September 30, 2016, year-to-date
( YTD ) and inception-to-date ( ITD ) through September 30, 2016 for the following funds. 

(1)  
      The performance data in the tables above reflect unaudited net returns as of the close of business on the last day of the relevant period. These net returns reflect performance after taking into account management fees, expenses, and incentive fees/allocations, as applicable. Results reflect the reinvestments of dividends, interest and earnings. Past performance is not a guarantee, prediction or indicator of future returns and no representation is made that any investor will or is likely to achieve results comparable to those shown or will make any profit or will be able to avoid incurring substantial losses. An individual investor's return may vary based on timing of capital transactions, differences in fund expenses and lower or no management fees and incentive fees/allocations.   

(2)  
      The month end, YTD and ITD net returns represent unaudited actual returns as of the date hereof, for performance of the above referenced funds through the date indicated. The YTD and ITD net returns represent the cumulative effect of compounding the monthly returns for the relevant time period.   

(3)  
      The month end, YTD and ITD net returns reflect an investment in ZAIS Opportunity Domestic Feeder Fund, LP (  Domestic Feeder  ) Series A Interests that are subject to advisory fees and incentive allocation. Returns would differ for an investment in Domestic Feeder Series B and ZAIS Opportunity Fund, Ltd. ( Offshore Feeder ) Series A and Series B. Effective April 1, 2012, management fee rates were reduced from 1.50% to 1.25% for Series A and from 1.00% to 0.75% for Series B. Effective January 1, 2013, incentive fees or allocation rates were reduced from 25% to 20% for Series A and from 20% to 15% for Series B. The Domestic Feeder s returns for January 2009 and February 2011 have been adjusted to account for an increase of capital resulting from redemption penalties retained in the fund for the benefit of the remaining investors. Due to this adjustment, inception-to-date GAAP returns for years after 2008 would be lower than the adjusted returns presented.   

(4)  
      The net asset value includes the net assets of the Domestic Feeder and Offshore Feeder.   

(5)  
      Actual Net YTD return is based on a calendar year end, although this fund operates on a September 30 th  fiscal year end.   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Historical Liquidity and Capital Resources   

ZAIS Group has managed its historical liquidity
and capital requirements by focusing on cash flows before giving effect to consolidation of the Consolidated Funds. ZAIS Group s
primary cash flow activities on an unconsolidated basis involve: (1) generating cash flow from operations, which largely includes
management fee income and incentive income, offset by operating expenses; (2) realizations generated from investments in ZAIS Managed
Entities; (3) funding capital commitments that ZAIS Group has made to its funds; and (4) prior to the Business Combination, making
distributions to its sole member. At September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company s cash and cash equivalents were
$29.4 million and $64.6 million, respectively, including investments in money market funds and United States government obligations. 

The Company s material sources of cash
from ZAIS Group s operations include: (1) management fee income, which is collected monthly or quarterly; (2) incentive income,
which can be less predictable as to amount and timing; and (3) distributions related to investments in certain ZAIS Managed Entities.
ZAIS Group primarily uses cash flow from operations to pay compensation and benefits, general, administrative and other expenses
and foreign taxes. ZAIS Group s cash flows are also used to fund investments in limited partnerships, fixed assets and other
capital items. If cash flow from operations continues to be insufficient to fund operating expenses or such investments, ZAIS Group
will continue to fund its business requirements with the proceeds from the Business Combination. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company s stand-alone (excluding the activities of the Consolidated Funds) net cash used in operations was
$17.5 million. The sources of operating cash flow were insufficient to cover operating expenses, and the excess working capital
needs were funded by operating cash balances and the proceeds of the Business Combination. While the fourth quarter of 2016 will
benefit from the receipt of the REIT termination fee of $8.0 million, current projections indicate that 2016 annual results will
generate negative working capital, and we expect to continue to draw from operating cash balances and the proceeds from our business
combination to fund our operations and working capital for the foreseeable future. 

At September 30, 2016 the consolidated financial
statements reflect the cash flows of ZAIS s operating businesses and Zephyr A-6, the only ZAIS Managed Entity
required to be consolidated under ASU 2015-02. The assets of ZAIS Group s Consolidated Funds have an effect on ZAIS Group s
reported cash flows. The primary cash flow activities of the Consolidated Funds include: (1) raising capital from third party investors,
which is reflected as non-controlling interests in the Consolidated Funds when required to be consolidated into the Company s
consolidated financial statements; (2) purchasing and selling investment securities; (3) generating cash through the realization
of certain investments; and (4) distributing cash to investors. The Consolidated Funds are treated as investment companies under
U.S. GAAP; therefore, the character and classification of all Consolidated Fund transactions are presented as cash flows from operations. 

As of September 30, 2016, $25.5
million of the proceeds of the Business Combination had been deployed to expand existing product lines. This amount includes
a $20.5 million contribution to Zephyr A-6, a majority owned subsidiary of ZAIS Group, which has been established to invest in
ZAIS Group managed CLO vehicles and thereby satisfy the risk retention requirements for CLO managers under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Up to $56.0 million of equity capital has been committed to Zephyr A-6, and another ZAIS Managed Entity
which carries first loss risk. There is no assurance that the full $56.0 million committed will be used or as to the period
of time during which this utilization may be required. ZAIS Group serves as the general partner of Zephyr A-6 and determines
when, and to what extent, capital will be called. 

The Company continues to
review its business and fund activities with a view towards improving our profitability through organic growth, reduction
in expenses, acquisitions, dispositions of assets or the sale or termination of product lines. Subsequent to the end of
the quarter the Company terminated its management agreement with ZFC REIT upon completion of the merger between ZFC REIT and
Sutherland Asset Management Corp on October 31, 2016. As a result, ZAIS Group s management fees and AUM related to
mortgage strategies are expected to decrease by approximately $2.8 million, annually on a run-rate basis, and $0.589
billion, respectively. The decrease in management fees for this fiscal year will be offset by the receipt of the termination
fee in the amount of $8.0 million pursuant to the Termination Agreement. 

Debt Obligations   

On March 17, 2015, in conjunction with the
closing of the Business Combination, ZAIS issued two promissory notes with an aggregate principal balance of $1,250,000 to EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc. and Sidoti   Company, LLC. The notes accrue interest at an annual rate equal to the annual applicable federal rate as
published by the Internal Revenue Service ( AFR ) until the principal amount of, and all accrued interest on, the notes
have been paid in full. The notes mature on March 17, 2017 at which time the principal balance and accrued interest will be due
and payable. The notes were issued in lieu of paying certain underwriting costs at the closing of the Business Combination and,
accordingly, treated as a direct cost attributable to the Business Combination and capitalized to equity. 

Cash Flows   

The significant amounts from the Company s
consolidated financial statements, which include the effects of the Consolidated Funds in accordance with GAAP, are summarized
below. Negative amounts represent a net outflow, or use of cash. 

Operating Activities   

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
is primarily driven by ZAIS Group s earnings in the respective periods after adjusting for non-cash compensation and fee
income, net realized (gain) loss on investments and net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments that are
included in net income. Cash used to purchase investments and the proceeds from the sale of such investments are also reflected
in the Company s operating activities as investing activities of the Consolidated Funds. 

Net cash flow used in operating activities
was $27.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This amount primarily includes (i) net operating losses of $9.7
million; (ii) purchase of investments in affiliated securities by the Consolidated Funds of $30.3 million; (iii) increase in dividend
receivable of the Consolidated Funds of $8.3 million; (iv) increase in income and fees receivable of $2.8 million; partially offset
by (v) an increase in payable for securities purchased of Consolidated Funds of $20.3 million; (vi) an increase in non-cash equity-based
compensation of $3.0 million; and (vii) an increase in compensation payable of $2.1 million. 

Net cash flow used in operating activities
was $6.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This amount primarily includes (i) net operating losses of $12.1 million;
(ii) a decrease in compensation payable of $3.6 million, and (iii) an increase in deferred tax assets of $4.3 million, partially
offset by a decrease in income and fees receivable of $9.1 million and an increase in non-cash equity-based compensation of $3.4
million. 

Investing Activities   

The Company s net cash provided by investing
activities was $8.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This amount primarily includes proceeds from sales
of investments. 

The Company s net cash used in investing
activities was $11.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This amount primarily includes purchases of investments. 

Financing Activities   

The Company s net cash provided by financing
activities was $4.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This amount primarily includes contributions from non-controlling
interests in Consolidated Funds of $4.9 million partially offset by $0.4 million of distributions to non-controlling interests
in ZGP. 

The Company s net cash provided by financing
activities was $74.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This amount primarily includes net proceeds from the
Business Combination of $73.5 million and proceeds from the issuance of notes payable of $1.3 million. 

Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity   

The Company s current sources of liquidity
are (1) cash on hand, (2) cash flows from operations, including management fee income and incentive income and (3) realizations
on its investments in ZAIS Managed Entities. ZAIS believes that these sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund the Company s
working capital requirements and to meet the Company s current commitments. The Company s primary liquidity needs will
be comprised of cash to (1) fund the Company s operations; (2) provide capital to facilitate the growth of ZAIS Group s
existing investment advisory and asset management business, including the expansion of ZAIS Group s CLO management business,
which has become more capital-intensive in light of current European Union and United States risk retention rules; (3) fund ZAIS
Group s potential commitments to new and existing funds that it may advise; (4) provide capital to facilitate its expansion
into businesses that are complimentary to ZAIS Group s existing investment management business; and (5) pay income taxes. 

Gain Contingencies  

In 2016 the Company received
notification from one of its insurance providers that the Company s claim for reimbursement of certain legal and other
costs relating to a formal regulatory inquiry had been approved. The total approved claim reimbursement for all legal and
other costs incurred in excess of the $0.5 million deductible was approximately $0.9 million. Pursuant to the guidance under
ASC 450,   Contingencies   Gain Contingencies   , approximately $0.6 million of the
insurance reimbursements receivable has been recorded to other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of total
comprehensive income (loss) for the portion that related to the costs incurred for the year ended December 31, 2015 in excess
of the Company s insurance deductible and a corresponding amount has been recorded to other assets in the
consolidated statements of financial position. The Company also recorded approximately $0.3 million of the insurance
reimbursements receivable to other assets in the consolidated statements of financial position and a corresponding amount to
general, administrative and other expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the portion that
related to legal costs incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company received insurance reimbursements of $0.04 million and $0.7 million, respectively. At
September 30, 2016, approximately $0.1 million of insurance reimbursements receivable noted above is included in other assets
in the consolidated statements of financial position. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Critical accounting policies are those that
require the Company to make significant judgments, estimates or assumptions that affect amounts reported in its consolidated financial
statements or the notes thereto. The Company bases its judgments, estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience
and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable and prudent. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates.
See Note 2,  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  to the Company s consolidated
financial statements incorporated by reference in this Form 10-Q for a description of the Company s critical accounting policies. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

See Note 2,  Basis of Presentation and
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  to the Company s consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference
in this Form 10-Q for a description of recent accounting pronouncements and their impact on the Company. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk 

Our predominant exposure to market risk is related
to ZAIS Group s investments in the ZAIS Managed Entities and its role as general partner or investment manager for the ZAIS
Managed Entities, and the sensitivities to movements in the fair value of their investments that may adversely affect our net gain
(loss) on investments, management fees and incentive income. 

Fair value of the financial assets and liabilities
of the ZAIS Managed Entities may fluctuate in response to changes in the value of investments, foreign currency exchange rates,
commodity prices and interest rates. The fair value changes in the assets and liabilities of the ZAIS Managed Entities affect the
net gain (loss) on investments, management fees and incentive income ZAIS Group may earn from the ZAIS Managed Entities. 

With regards to the Consolidated Funds, effective
January 1, 2015 and subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2015-02, ZAIS Group now consolidates one ZAIS Managed Entity in which it
has a majority ownership interest and, accordingly, changes in fair value of the Consolidated Fund could have a material impact
on the Company s allocable share of consolidated net income (loss) of this fund. 

Credit Risk  

All of the asset types held within the ZAIS
Managed Entities are exposed to many risks, including credit risk. Credit risk arises in two forms; (1) debt issuers in the underlying
ZAIS Managed Entities may fail to fulfill their obligations or the collateral value may become inadequate to cover our exposure
and the market value of the instrument declines in price; and (2) the ZAIS Managed Entities may also face counterparty risk whereby
the ZAIS Managed Entities have posted collateral in support of a derivative or repurchase contract and the counterparty becomes
insolvent. Credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis by the ZAIS Group risk management group who works with the ZAIS Group portfolio
management team if it detects situations where economic performance is declining or a position does not conform to internal risk
tolerances. The ZAIS Group risk management group manages counterparty risk by limiting term credit risk to highly rated financial
institutions and by requiring additional collateral where appropriate. 

Market Risk  

Market risk is monitored on an ongoing basis
by the ZAIS Group risk management group that conducts monthly stress tests for the asset types held within certain of our funds
and separately managed accounts using five scenarios   base, modest upside, strong upside, modest downside and
severe downside risk scenarios. At September 30, 2016, the severe downside market stress scenario shows that the three year annualized
downside return would be -9.33%. 

A 7.97% decline in the fair market value of the
AUM for ZAIS Managed Entities at September 30, 2016 would have a negative impact on ZAIS Group s management fee income by
approximately $0.3 million. Additionally, ZAIS Group could receive no incentive income due to a decline in the fair market value
due the respective ZAIS Managed Entities high-water mark. A decline in the fair market value of the AUM for ZAIS Group s
structured vehicles at September 30, 2016 would not impact ZAIS Group s management fee income because the management fee
on these vehicles is based on notional par value, not market value except in the case where assets may be distressed or defaulted
in which case the trustee would price these respective assets at the lower of the market value or their expected recovery rate
provided by the rating agencies. 

Investments in ZAIS Managed Entities  

In 2015, ZAIS Group committed
approximately $56.0 million to be invested in two ZAIS Managed Entities, of which approximately $25.5 million had been funded through
September 30, 2016. These investments differ from other risks because ZAIS Group is exposed to the direct risk of loss of principal
versus a decline in AUM and resultant lower management fees. Both of these investments are in ZAIS Managed Entities which employ
a high degree of financial leverage (either directly or indirectly through its underlying investments) and carry first loss risk.
The estimated risk of loss for these investments in a severe market downturn could reach as high as 90% or approximately $23.0
million (based on amounts funded through September 30, 2016). ZAIS Group also holds general partner investments in certain ZAIS
Managed Entities which are also exposed to direct risk of loss of principal. 

Exchange Rate Risk  

Certain of ZAIS Managed Entities hold investments
denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies which may be affected by movements in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and
foreign currencies. However, our foreign currency exposure is hedged with forward foreign exchange contracts which substantially
offset the risk of foreign currency movements against the U.S. dollar. We estimate that as of September 30, 2016, a 10% weakening
or strengthening of the U.S. dollar against all or any combination of currencies to which certain of ZAIS Managed Entities have
exposure to exchange rates would impact the asset values of these entities in the aggregate of plus or minus 0.038% and would
not significantly impact our management fees. Additionally, ZAIS Group is exposed to exchange rate risk on the balances and operations
of its wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries. The Company has determined that this risk would not significantly impact the consolidated
financial statements due to the size of its foreign operations. 

Interest
Rate Risk   

Certain of ZAIS Managed Entities have financing
arrangements and hold credit instruments that accrue interest at variable rates linked to LIBOR. Interest rate changes may therefore
impact the amount of interest payments, future earnings and cash flows. In the event LIBOR, and rates directly or indirectly tied
to LIBOR, were to increase by 10.0% over LIBOR as of September 30, 2016, we estimate that the net effect on the net asset value
of certain ZAIS Managed Entities would be a decline of approximately 0.122% which would not significantly impact our management
fees.  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive and financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, as such term is defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2016 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II  
OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those in this Report are any of the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
SEC on March 10, 2016. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations
or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair
our business or results of operations. 

As of the date of this Report, there have been
no identified material changes in the risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

None.   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None.   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None.   

Item 5. Other Information 

None.   

Item 6. Exhibits 

The Exhibit index that appears following the
signature page is incorporated herein by reference. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

ZAIS GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.   

By:  
      /s/ Michael F. Szymanski   

Michael F. Szymanski   

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director   

By:  
      /s/ Donna Blank   

Donna Blank   

Chief Financial Officer   
 
       Date: November 4, 2016  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit Number   
       
      Description of Document    
 
      31.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      31.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451610_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  
 CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Michael Szymanski, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc. (the  registrant    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 4, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Michael Szymanski   

Name:  
      Michael Szymanski   

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer and President   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451610_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 
CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Donna Blank, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ZAIS Group Holdings, Inc. (the  registrant    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 4, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Donna Blank   

Name:  
      Donna Blank   

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451610_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ZAIS Group
Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on or about the date hereof (the  report ), I, Michael Szymanski, Chief Executive Officer and President of
the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

1.  
      The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for
purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Date: November 4, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Michael Szymanski   

Name:  
      Michael Szymanski   

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer and President   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451610_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ZAIS Group
Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on or about the date hereof (the  report ), I, Donna Blank, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

1.  
      The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for
purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Date: November 4, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Donna Blank   

Name:  
      Donna Blank   

Title  
      Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 zais-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 zais-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 zais-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 zais-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 zais-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 zais-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

