<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161020_10-Q_edgar_data_100885_0000100885-16-000454_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7692818</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119369</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>309957</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2611524</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2807634</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1323711</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>54</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000100885-16-000454.hdr.sgml : 20161020
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161020154902
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000100885-16-000454
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161020
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161020

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNION PACIFIC CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000100885
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROADS, LINE-HAUL OPERATING [4011]
		IRS NUMBER:				132626465
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1119

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06075
		FILM NUMBER:		161944425

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 DOUGLAS STREET
		STREET 2:		STOP 0310
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68179
		BUSINESS PHONE:		402 544 5214

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 DOUGLAS STREET
		STREET 2:		STOP 0310
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68179

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000100885-16-000454.txt : 20161020

10-Q
 1
 unp-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

20160930 Q3

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 

OR 

For the transition period from __________ to ____________ 

Commission File Number 1-6075 

UNION PACIFIC CORPORATION 

(  Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

UTAH  

13-2626465  

(State or other jurisdiction of  

(I.R.S. Employer  

incorporation or organization)  

Identification No.)  

1400 DOUGLAS STREET, OMAHA, NEBRASKA 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

68179 

(Zip Code) 

(402) 544-5000 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes               No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes               No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company  .    See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated   filer        

Accelerated   filer        

Non-accelerated   filer        

Smaller     reporting     company        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  

Yes             No 

As of   October 14  ,    2016  , there were   824  ,  112,432   shares   of the Registrant's Common Stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

T    ABLE OF CONTENTS 

UNION PACIFIC CORPORATION 

AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   

Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements:   

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited)   

For the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   

3  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited)   

For the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   

3  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited)   

For the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   

4  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited)   

For the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   

4  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Unaudited)   

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   

5  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited)   

For the   Nine Months   Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   

6  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (Unaudited)   

For the   Nine Months   Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   

7  

NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited)   

8  

Item 2.   

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

23  

Item 3.   

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

36  

Item 4.   

Controls and Procedures   

36  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

2 

Table of Contents  

PA    RT I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Ite    m 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

C    ondensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 

Union Pacific Corporation and Subsidiary Companies 

C    ondensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 

Union Pacific Corporation and Subsidiary Companies 

[a]    Net of deferred   taxes of   $(7)   million   and   $3   million during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , respectively. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 

Union Pacific Corporation and Subsidiary Companies 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 

Union Pacific Corporation and Subsidiary Companies 

[a]    Net of deferred   taxes of   $(8)   million   and   $(1) million during the nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , respectively. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

C    ondensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Unaudited) 

Union Pacific Corporation and Subsidiary Companies 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

C    ondensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 

Union Pacific Corporation and Subsidiary Companies 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

Co    ndensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Shareholders  Equity (Unaudited) 

Union Pacific Corporation and Subsidiary Companies 

[a]      AOCI = Accumulated Other Comprehensive Incom  e/(Loss) (Note 9) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

7 

Table of Contents  

UN    ION PACIFIC CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES 

NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited) 

For purposes of this report, unless the context otherwise requires, all references herein to the  Corporation ,  Company ,  UPC ,  we ,  us , and  our  mean Union Pacific Corporation and its subsidiaries, including Union Pacific Railroad Company, which will be separately referred to herein as  UPRR  or the  Railroad . 

1. Basis of Presentation 

Our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are unaudited and reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal and recurring adjustments) that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for their fair presentation in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP).   Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted. Accordingly, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto contained in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K.   Our Consolidated Statement of Financial Position at   December 31, 2015  , is derived from audited financial statements. The res  ults of operations for the   nine   months   ended   September   30  , 2016  , are not necessarily indicative of the results for the entire year ending December 31,   2016  .   

The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in accordance with GAAP as codified in the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC)  .   

2. Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09),   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  . ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition guidance in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in the exchange for those goods or services. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. ASU 2014-09 is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01 (ASU 2016-01),   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (Subtopic 825-10)  . ASU 2016-01 provides guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. This guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted.   ASU 2016-01 is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (ASU 2016-02),   Leases (Subtopic 842)  . ASU 2016-02 will require companies to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. For public companies, this standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09 (ASU 2016-09) Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718), which simplifies the accounting for income taxes related to stock-based compensation. We elected to early adopt ASU 2016-09 in the first quarter of 2016 with an effective date of January 1, 2016. As a result of the adoption, we recognized excess tax benefits in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of $  5   million and $  21   million for the three and   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, respectively. Prior periods have not been adjusted. 

8 

Table of Contents  

3. Operations and Segmentation 

The Railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable operating segment. Although we provide and analyze revenue by commodity group, we treat the financial results of the Railroad as one segment due to the integrated nature of our rail network. The following table provides freight revenue by commodity group: 

Although our revenues are principally derived from customers domiciled in the U.S., the ultimate points of origination or destination for some products   we transport are   outside the U.S. Each of our commodity groups includes revenue from shipments to and from Mexico.   Included in the above table are freight revenues from our Mexico business which amounte  d to   $564   million and   $554   million, respectively, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015, and   $1,649   million and     $1,655 million, respectively,   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015  . 

4. Stock-Based Compensation 

We have several stock-based compensation plans under which employees and non-employee directors receive stock options, nonvested retention shares, and nonvested stock units. We refer to the nonvested shares and stock units collectively as  retention awards . We have elected to issue treasury shares to cover option exercises and stock unit vestings, while new shares are issued when retention shares are granted. Information regarding stock-based compensation appears in the table below: 

Stock Options     We estimate the fair value of our stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The table below shows the annual weighted-average assumptions used for valuation purposes: 

9 

Table of Contents  

The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant; the expected dividend yield is calculated as the ratio of dividends paid per share of common stock to the stock price on the date of grant; the expected life is based on historical and expected exercise behavior; and expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our stock price over the expected life of the option. 

A summary of stock option activity during the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, is presented below: 

Stock options are granted at the closing price on the date of grant, have ten-year contractual terms, and vest no later than three years from the date of grant. None of the stock options outstanding at   September   30, 2016, are subject to performance or market-based vesting conditions. 

At   September   30, 2016, there was   $23   million of unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.5   years. Additional information regarding stock option exercises appears in the table below: 

Retention Awards     The fair value of retention awards is based on the closing price of the stock on the grant date. Dividends and dividend equivalents are paid to participants during the vesting periods. 

Changes in our retention awards during the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, were as follows: 

Retention awards are granted at no cost to the employee or non-employee director and vest over periods lasting up to four years. At   September   30, 2016, there was   $98   million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested retention awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.8   years. 

Performance Retention Awards     In February 2016, our Board of Directors approved performance stock unit grants. The basic terms of these performance stock units are identical to those granted in  

10 

Table of Contents  

February 2014 and February 2015, except for different annual return on invested capital (ROIC) performance targets and the addition of relative operating income growth (OIG) as a modifier compared to the companies included in the S P 500 Industrials Index. We define ROIC as net operating profit adjusted for interest expense (including interest on the present value of operating leases) and taxes on interest divided by average invested capital adjusted for the present value of operating leases. The modifier can be up to +/- 25% of the award earned based on the ROIC achieved. 

Stock units awarded to selected employees under these grants are subject to continued employment for 37 months and the attainment of certain levels of ROIC, and for the 2016 plan, modified for the relative OIG. We expense the fair value of the units that are probable of being earned based on our forecasted ROIC over the 3-year performance period, and with respect to the third year of the 2016 plan, the relative OIG modifier. We measure the fair value of these performance stock units based upon the closing price of the underlying common stock as of the date of grant, reduced by the present value of estimated future dividends. Dividend equivalents are paid to participants only after the units are earned. 

The assumptions used to calculate the present value of estimated future dividends related to the February 2016 grant were as follows: 

Changes in our performance retention awards during the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, were as follows: 

At   September   30, 2016, there was   $17   million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested performance retention awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.4   years. This expense is subject to achievement of the performance measures established for the performance stock unit grants. 

5. Retirement Plans 

Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits  

Pension Plans     We provide defined benefit retirement income to eligible non-union employees through qualified and non-qualified (supplemental) pension plans. Qualified and non-qualified pension benefits are based on years of service and the highest compensation during the latest years of employment, with specific reductions made for early retirements. 

Other Postretirement Benefits (OPEB)     We provide medical and life insurance benefits for eligible retirees. These benefits are funded as medical claims and life insurance premiums are paid. 

Expense  

Both pension and OPEB expense are determined based upon the annual service cost of benefits (the actuarial cost of benefits earned during a period) and the interest cost on those liabilities, less the expected return on plan assets. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is applied to a calculated value of plan assets that recognizes changes in fair value over a five-year period. This practice is intended to reduce year-to-year volatility in pension expense, but it can have the effect of delaying the recognition of differences between actual returns on assets and expected returns based on long-term rate  

11 

Table of Contents  

of return assumptions. Differences in actual experience in relation to assumptions are not recognized in net income immediately, but are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income and, if necessary, amortized as pension or OPEB expense. 

The components of our net periodic pension cost were as follows: 

The components of our net periodic OPEB cost were as follows: 

Cash Contributions  

For the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, we made $  100   million of voluntary cash contributions to the qualified pension plan. Any additional contributions ma  de in the fourth quarter of   2016 will be based on cash generated from operations and financial market considerations. Our policy with respect to funding the qualified plans is to fund at least the minimum required by law and not more than the maximum amount deductible for tax purposes. At   September   30, 2016, we do not have minimum cash funding requirements for 2016. 

6. Other Income 

Other income included the following: 

[a]    2016 includes $17 million related to a real estate sale in the first quarter and $50 million related to a real estate sale in the second quarter. 

[b]    2015 includes $113 million related to a real estate sale in the second quarter. 

12 

Table of Contents  

7. Income Taxes 

UPC is not currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  IRS examinations have been completed and settled for all years prior to 2011, and the statute of limitations bars any additional tax assessments for those years.  

Several state tax authorities are examining our state tax returns for years 2006 through 2012.  

At   September   30, 2016, we had a net liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $  90   million.  

8. Earnings Per Share 

The following table provides a reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per share: 

9. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 

Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) for the three and   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, and 2015, were as follows (net of tax): 

[a]    The accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) reclassification components are 1) prior service cost/(credit) and 2) net actuarial loss which are both included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 5 Retirement Plans for additional details. 

13 

Table of Contents  

[a]    The accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) reclassification components are 1) prior service cost/(credit) and 2) net actuarial loss which are both included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 5 Retirement Plans for additional details. 

10. Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable includes freight and other receivables reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance is based upon historical losses, credit worthiness of customers, and current economic conditions. At   September   30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, our accounts receivable were reduced by   $7   million and   $5   million, respectively. Receivables not expected to be collected in one year and the associated allowances are classified as other assets in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. At   September   30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, receivables classified as other assets were reduced by allowances of   $29   million and   $11   million, respectively.  

Receivables Securitization Facility    The Railroad maintains a   $650   million,   3  -year receivables securitization facility   (the Receivables Facility)  , which now     matures   in     July 2019  , after we completed a renewal in August 2016 with comparable terms. U  nder   the Receivables Facility, the Railroad   sells most of its eligible third-party receivables to Union Pacific Receivables, Inc. (UPRI), a consolidated, wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary that may subsequently transfer, without recourse, an undivided interest in accounts receivable to investors. The investors have no recourse to the Railroad s other assets except for customary warranty and indemnity claims. Creditors of the Railroad do not have recourse to the assets of UPRI  .   

Th  e amount outstanding under the Receivables F  acility was   $400   million at both   September   30, 2016, and December 31, 2015. The   Receivables F  acility was supported by   $1.0   billion and   $0.9   billion of accounts receivable as collateral at   September   30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, respectively, which, as a retained interest, is included in accounts receivable, net in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 

The outstanding amount the Railroad is allowed to maintain un  der the Receivables F  acility, with a maximum of $650 million, may fluctuate based on the availability of eligible receivables and is directly affected by business volumes and credit risks, including receivables payment quality measures such as default and dilution ratios. If default or dilution ratios increase one percent, the allowable outstanding amount under the   Receivables F  acility would not materially change. 

The costs of the R  eceivables    F  acility include interest, which will vary based on prevailing benchmark and commercial paper rates, program fees paid to participating banks, commercial paper issuance costs, and  

14 

Table of Contents  

fees of participating banks for unused commitment   availability. The costs of the R  eceivables   F  acility are included in interest expense and were   $2   million and   $1   million for the three months ended   September   30, 2016, and 2015, respectively, and   $5   million   and $4 million for   the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, and 2015  , respectively  . 

11. Properties 

The following tables list the major categories of property and equipment, as well as the weighted-average estimated useful life for each category (in years): 

[a]    Other roadway includes grading, bridges and tunnels, signals, buildings, and other road assets. 

15 

Table of Contents  

12. Accounts Payable and Other Current Liabilities 

13. Financial Instruments 

Derivative Strategy and Risk     We may use derivative financial instruments in certain instances, for other than trading purposes, to hedge our overall exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and fuel prices. We are not a party to leveraged derivatives and, by policy, do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. Derivative financial instruments qualifying for hedge accounting must maintain a specified level of effectiveness between the hedging instrument and the item being hedged, both at inception and throughout the hedged period. We formally document the nature and relationships between the hedging instruments and hedged items at inception, as well as our risk-management objectives, strategies for undertaking the various hedge transactions, and method of assessing hedge effectiveness. Changes in the fair market value of derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting are charged to earnings. We may use swaps, collars, futures, and/or forward contracts to mitigate the risk of adverse movements in interest rates and fuel prices; however, the use of these derivative financial instruments may limit future benefits from favorable interest rate and fuel price movements. 

Short-Term Investments     The Company s short-term investments consist of time deposits and government agency securities. These investments are considered level 2 investments and   are   valued at amortized cost, which approximate  s   fair value (  $  310   million of time deposits and   $  20   million of government agency securities as of   September   30, 2016).  All short-term investments have a maturity of less than one year and are classified as held-to-maturity.  There were no transfers out of Level 2 during the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments     The fair value of our short- and long-term debt was estimated using a market value price model, which utilizes applicable U.S. Treasury rates along with current market quotes on comparable debt securities. All of the inputs used to determine the fair market value of the Corporation s long-term debt are Level 2 inputs and obtained from an independent source. At   September   30, 2016, the fair value of total debt was   $  17  .  9   billion, approximately   $  2.3   billion more than the carrying value. At December 31, 2015, the fair value of total debt was   $15.2   billion, approximately   $1.0   billion more than the carrying value. The fair value of the Corporation s debt is a measure of its current value under present market conditions. It does not impact the financial statements under current accounting rules. At both   September 30, 2016,   and December 31, 2015, approximately   $155   million of debt securities contained call provisions that allow us to retire the debt instruments prior to final maturity, with the payment of fixed call premiums, or in certain cases, at par. The fair value of our cash equivalents approximates their carrying value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. 

14. Debt 

Credit Facilities     At   September   30, 2016, we had   $1.7   billion of credit available under our revolving credit facility, which is designated for general corporate purposes and supports the issuance of commercial paper. We   did not   draw on the facility during the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016. Commitment fees and interest rates payable under the facility are similar to fees and rates available to comparably rated, investment-grade borrowers. The facility allows for borrowings at floating rates based on London Interbank Offered Rates, plus a spread, depending upon credit ratings for our senior unsecured debt. The facility matures in   May 2019   under a   five  -year term and requires UPC to maintain a debt-to-net-worth coverage ratio. 

16 

Table of Contents  

The definition of debt used for purposes of calculating the debt-to-net-worth coverage ratio includes, among other things, certain credit arrangements, capital leases, guarantees and unfunded and vested pension benefits under Title IV of ERISA. At   September   30, 2016, the debt-to-net-worth coverage ratio allowed us to carry up to   $40.6   billion   of debt (as defined in the facility), and we had   $15.7   billion   of debt (as defined in the facility) outstanding at that date. Under our current capital plans, we expect to continue to satisfy the debt-to-net-worth coverage ratio; however, many factors beyond our reasonable control could affect our ability to comply with this provision in the future. The facility does not include any other financial restrictions, credit rating triggers (other than rating-dependent pricing), or any other provision that could require us to post collateral. The facility also includes a   $125   million cross-default provision and a change-of-control provision.  

During the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , we did not issue or repay any commercial paper, and at   September   30, 2016, we had   no   commercial paper outstanding. Our revolving credit facility supports our outstanding commercial paper balances, and, unless we change the terms of our commercial paper program, our aggregate issuance of commercial paper will not exceed the amount of borrowings available under the facility. 

Shelf Registration Statement and Significant New Borrowings       On July 28, 2016, the Board of Directors renewed its authorization for the Company to issue   up to   $4.0   billion of debt securities   under the Company s current three-year shelf registration filed in February 2015  .   This authorization replaces the original Board authorization in February 2015, which had $0.9 billion of authority remaining.   Under our shelf registration, we may issue, from time to time, any combination of debt securities, preferred stock, common stock, or warrants for debt securities or preferred stock in one or more offerings  . At September 30, 2016, we had remaining authority to issue up to   $3.55   billion of debt securities under our shelf registration  .   

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we issued the following unsecured, fixed-rate debt securities under our current shelf registration: 

We   used the net proceeds from the   offering  s   for general corporate purposes, including the repurchase of common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program. These debt securities inclu  de change-of-control provisions  . 

As of September 30, 2016, we reclassified as long-term debt   $100   million of debt due within one year that we intend to refinance. This reclassification reflects our ability and intent to refinance any short-term borrowings and certain current maturities of long-term debt on a long-term basis. 

Equipment Trust     On   May 9, 2016  , UPRR consummated a pass-through (P/T) financing, whereby a P/T trust was created, which issued   $151   million of P/T trust certificates with a stated interest rate of   2.495%  . The P/T trust certificates will mature on   November 9, 2029  . The proceeds from the issuance of the P/T trust certificates were used to purchase equipment trust certificates to be issued by UPRR to finance the acquisition of   59   locomotives. The equipment trust certificates are secured by a lien on the locomotives. The   $151   million is classified as debt due after one year in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 

Receivables Securitization Facility     As of both   September   30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, we recorded   $400    m  illion of borrowings under our R  eceivables   F  acility as secured debt. (See further discussion of our receivables securitization facility in Note 10)  . 

Subsequent Event     On October 4, 2016, we exchanged $1,006 million   of various outstanding notes and   debentures due between 2028 and 2044 (the Existing Notes) for $1,044 million of 3.799% notes (the New Notes) due October 1, 2051  , plus cash   consideration of approximately $183 million in addition   to $11    

17 

Table of Contents  

million for accrued and unpaid interest on the Existing Notes.  In accordance with ASC 470-50-40, Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments-Derecognition, this transaction was accounted for   in October   as a debt exchange, as the exchanged debt instruments are not considered to be substantially different.  The cash consideration was recorded   in October   as an adjustment to the carrying value of debt, and the balance of the unamortized discount and issue costs   from the Existing Notes will be   amortized as an adjustment of interest expense over the terms of the New Notes.  No gain or loss was recognized as a result of the exchange.    Costs related to the debt exchange that were payable to parties other than the debt holders totaled approximately $8 million and were included in interest expense during the period ended September 30, 2016. 

The following table lists the outstanding notes and debentures that were exchanged: 

15. Variable Interest Entities 

We have entered into various lease transactions in which the structure of the leases contain variable interest entities (VIEs). These VIEs were created solely for the purpose of doing lease transactions (principally involving railroad equipment and facilities) and have no other activities, assets or liabilities outside of the lease transactions. Within these lease arrangements, we have the right to purchase some or all of the assets at fixed prices. Depending on market conditions, fixed-price purchase options available in the leases could potentially provide benefits to us; however, these benefits are not expected to be significant. 

We maintain and operate the assets based on contractual obligations within the lease arrangements, which set specific guidelines consistent within the railroad industry. As such, we have no control over activities that could materially impact the fair value of the leased assets. We do not hold the power to direct the activities of the VIEs and, therefore, do not control the ongoing activities that have a significant impact on the economic performance of the VIEs. Additionally, we do not have the obligation to absorb losses of the VIEs or the right to receive benefits of the VIEs that could potentially be significant to the VIEs.  

We are not considered to be the primary beneficiary and do not consolidate these VIEs because our actions and decisions do not have the most significant effect on the VIE s performance and our fixed-price purchase options are not considered to be potentially significant to the VIEs. The future minimum lease payments associated with the VIE leases totaled $  2  .  3   billion as of   September   30, 2016. 

16. Commitments and Contingencies 

Asserted and Unasserted Claims     Various claims and lawsuits are pending against us and certain of our subsidiaries. We cannot fully determine the effect of all asserted and unasserted claims on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. To the extent possible, we have recorded a liability where asserted and unasserted claims are considered probable and where such claims can be reasonably estimated. We do not expect that any known lawsuits, claims, environmental costs, commitments, contingent liabilities, or guarantees will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity after taking into account liabilities and insurance recoveries previously recorded for these matters. 

18 

Table of Contents  

Personal Injury     The cost of personal injuries to employees and others related to our activities is charged to expense based on estimates of the ultimate cost and number of incidents each year. We use an actuarial analysis to measure the expense and liability, including unasserted claims. The Federal Employers  Liability Act (FELA) governs compensation for work-related accidents. Under FELA, damages are assessed based on a finding of fault through litigation or out-of-court settlements. We offer a comprehensive variety of services and rehabilitation programs for employees who are injured at work.  

Our personal injury liability is not discounted to present value due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing of future payments. Approximately 94% of the recorded liability is related to asserted claims and approximately 6% is related to unasserted claims at   September   30, 2016. Because of the uncertainty surrounding the ultimate outcome of personal injury claims, it is reasonably possible that future costs to settle these claims may range from approximately $  288   million to $  315   million. We record an accrual at the low end of the range as no amount of loss within the range is more probable than any other. Estimates can vary over time due to evolving trends in litigation. 

Our personal injury liability activity was as follows: 

We have insurance coverage for a portion of the costs incurred to resolve personal injury-related claims, and we have recognized an asset for estimated insurance recoveries at   September   30, 2016, and December 31, 2015.  Any changes to recorded insurance recoveries are included in the above table in the Changes in estimates for prior years category. 

Asbestos     We are a defendant in a number of lawsuits in which current and former employees and other parties allege exposure to asbestos. We assess our potential liability using a statistical analysis of resolution costs for asbestos-related claims. This liability is updated annually and excludes future defense and processing costs. The liability for resolving both asserted and unasserted claims was based on the following assumptions:  

The ratio of future claims by alleged disease would be consistent with historical averages adjusted for inflation.     

The number of claims filed against us will decline each year.     

The average settlement values for asserted and unasserted claims will be equivalent to historical averages.     

The percentage of claims dismissed in the future will be equivalent to historical averages.     

Our liability for asbestos-related claims is not discounted to present value due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing of future payments. Approximately   23  % of the recorded liability related to asserted claims and approximately   77  % related to unasserted claims at   September   30, 2016. 

19 

Table of Contents  

Our asbestos-related liability activity was as follows: 

We have insurance coverage for a portion of the costs incurred to resolve asbestos-related claims, and we have recognized an asset for estimated insurance recoveries at   September   30, 2016, and December 31, 2015.  

We believe that our estimates of liability for asbestos-related claims and insurance recoveries are reasonable and probable. The amounts recorded for asbestos-related liabilities and related insurance recoveries were based on currently known facts. However, future events, such as the number of new claims filed each year, average settlement costs, and insurance coverage issues, could cause the actual costs and insurance recoveries to be higher or lower than the projected amounts. Estimates also may vary in the future if strategies, activities, and outcomes of asbestos litigation materially change; federal and state laws governing asbestos litigation increase or decrease the probability or amount of compensation of claimants; and there are material changes with respect to payments made to claimants by other defendants. 

Environmental Costs     We are subject to federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. We have identified   305   sites at which we are or may be liable for remediation costs associated with alleged contamination or for violations of environmental requirements. This includes   33   sites that are the subject of actions taken by the U.S. government,   21   of which are currently on the Superfund National Priorities List. Certain federal legislation imposes joint and several liability for the remediation of identified sites; consequently, our ultimate environmental liability may include costs relating to activities of other parties, in addition to costs relating to our own activities at each site.  

When we identify an environmental issue with respect to property owned, leased, or otherwise used in our business, we perform, with assistance of our consultants, environmental assessments on the property. We expense the cost of the assessments as incurred. We accrue the cost of remediation where our obligation is probable and such costs can be reasonably estimated. Our environmental liability is not discounted to present value due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing of future payments.  

Our environmental liability activity was as follows: 

The environmental liability includes future costs for remediation and restoration of sites, as well as ongoing monitoring costs, but excludes any anticipated recoveries from third parties. Cost estimates are based on information available for each site, financial viability of other potentially responsible parties, and existing technology, laws, and regulations. The ultimate liability for remediation is difficult to determine because of the number of potentially responsible parties, site-specific cost sharing arrangements with other potentially responsible parties, the degree of contamination by various wastes, the scarcity and quality of volumetric data related to many of the sites, and the speculative nature of remediation costs. Estimates of liability may vary over time due to changes in federal, state, and local laws governing  

20 

Table of Contents  

environmental remediation. Current obligations are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.  

Insurance     The Company has a consolidated, wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary (the captive), that provides insurance coverage for certain risks including FELA claims and property coverage which are subject to reinsurance. The captive entered into annual reinsurance treaty agreements that insure workers compensation, general liability, auto liability and FELA risk. The captive cedes a portion of its FELA exposure through the treaty and assumes a proportionate share of the entire risk. The captive receives direct premiums, which are netted against the Company s premium costs in other expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The treaty agreements provide for certain protections against the risk of treaty participants  non-performance, and we do not believe our exposure to treaty participants  non-performance is material at this time. In the event the Company leaves the reinsurance program, the Company is not relieved of its primary obligation to the policyholders for activity prior to the termination of the treaty agreements. We record both liabilities and reinsurance receivables using an actuarial analysis based on historical experience in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 

Guarantees     At both   September   30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, we were contingently liable for   $47 million and   $53 million in guarantees  , respectively  . The fair value of these obligations as of both   September   30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 was $0. We entered into these contingent guarantees in the normal course of business, and they include guaranteed obligations related to our affiliated operations. The final guarantee expires in 2022. We are not aware of any existing event of default that would require us to satisfy these guarantees. We do not expect that these guarantees will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity.  

Indemnities       We are contingently obligated under a variety of indemnification arrangements, although in some cases the extent of our potential liability is limited, depending on the nature of the transactions and the agreements. Due to uncertainty as to whether claims will be made or how they will be resolved, we cannot reasonably determine the probability of an adverse claim or reasonably estimate any adverse liability or the total maximum exposure under these indemnification arrangements. We do not have any reason to believe that we will be required to make any material payments under these indemnity provisions  .   

Operating Leases     At   September   30, 2016, we had commitments for future minimum lease payments under operating leases with initial or remaining non-cancelable lease terms in excess of one year of approximately $  3.1   billion.  

Gain Contingency       UPRR and Santa Fe Pacific Pipelines (SFPP, a subsidiary of Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, L.P.) currently are engaged in a proceeding to resolve the fair market rent payable to UPRR commencing on January 1, 2004, for pipeline easements on UPRR rights-of-way (  Union Pacific Railroad Company vs. Santa Fe Pacific Pipelines, Inc., SFPP, L.P., Kinder Morgan Operating L.P.  D  Kinder Morgan G.P., Inc., et al., Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles, filed July 28, 2004  ). In February 2007, a trial began to resolve this issue, and in May 2012, the trial judge rendered an opinion establishing the fair market rent and entering judgment for back rent, including prejudgment interest. SFPP appealed the judgment. On November 5, 2014, the Second District Circuit Court of Appeal in California issued an opinion holding that UPRR was not entitled to collect rent from SFPP for easements on the portions of the property acquired solely through federal government land grants issued during the 1800s. The Appellate Court also reversed the award of prejudgment interest and remanded the case to the trial court. A favorable final judgment may materially affect UPRR's results of operations in the period of any monetary recoveries. Due to the uncertainty regarding the amount and timing of any recovery or any subsequent proceedings, we consider this a gain contingency and have not recognized any amounts in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of   September   30, 2016. 

17. Share Repurchase Program 

Effective January 1, 2014, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 120 million shares of our common stock by December 31, 2017, replacing our previous repurchase program. As of   September   30, 2016, we repurchased a total of   $18.2   billion of our common stock since the commencement of our  

21 

Table of Contents  

repurchase programs in 2007. The table below represents shares repurchased under this repurchase program during this reporting period.  

Management's assessments of market conditions and other pertinent factors guide the timing and volume of all repurchases. We expect to fund any share repurchases under this program through cash generated from operations, the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, debt issuances, and cash on hand. Repurchased shares are recorded in treasury stock at cost, which includes any applicable commissions and fees. 

18. Related Parties 

UPRR and other North American railroad companies jointly own TTX Company (TTX). UPRR has a 36.79% economic and voting interest in TTX while the other North American railroads own the remaining interest. In accordance with ASC 323   Investments - Equity Method and Joint Venture  , UPRR applies the equity method of accounting to our investment in TTX. 

TTX is a railcar pooling company that owns railcars and intermodal wells to serve North America s railroads. TTX assists railroads in meeting the needs of their customers by providing railcars in an efficient, pooled environment. All railroads have the ability to utilize TTX railcars through car hire by renting railcars at stated rates. 

UPRR had $  861   million and $830 million recognized as investments related to TTX in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of   September   30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, respectively. TTX car hire expenses of $  93   million and $  96   million for the three months ended   September   30, 2016, and 2015, respectively, and $  275   million and $  282   million for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, and 2015, respectively, are included in equipment and other rents in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. In addition, UPRR had accounts payable to TTX of $  63   million and $61 million as of   September   30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

22 

Table of Contents  

It    em 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

UNION PACIFIC CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three   and   Nine   Months   Ended   September   30, 2016  , Compared to 

Three and   Nine   Months   Ended   September   30  ,    2015 

For purposes of this report, unless the context otherwise requires, all references herein to  UPC ,  Corporation ,  Company ,  we ,  us , and  our  shall mean Union Pacific Corporation and its subsidiaries, including Union Pacific Railroad Company, which we separately refer to as  UPRR  or the  Railroad .  

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and applicable notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 1, and other information included in this report. Our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are unaudited and reflect all adjustments (consisting only of normal and recurring adjustments) that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for their fair presentation in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). 

The Railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. Although we provide and analyze revenue by commodity group, we treat the financial results of the Railroad as one segment due to the integrated nature of our rail network. 

Available Information 

Our Internet website is www.up.com. We make available free of charge on our website (under the  Investors  caption link) our Annual Reports on Form 10-K; our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) documents; our current reports on Form 8-K; our proxy statements; Forms 3, 4, and 5, filed on behalf of directors and executive officers; and amendments to any such reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We also make available on our website previously filed SEC reports and exhibits via a link to EDGAR on the SEC s Internet site at www.sec.gov. We provide these previously filed reports as a convenience and their contents reflect only information that was true and correct as of the date of the report. We assume no obligation to update this historical information. Additionally, our corporate governance materials, including By-Laws, Board Committee charters, governance guidelines and policies, and codes of conduct and ethics for directors, officers, and employees are available on our website. From time to time, the corporate governance materials on our website may be updated as necessary to comply with rules issued by the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange or as desirable to promote the effective and efficient governance of our company. Any security holder wishing to receive, without charge, a copy of any of our SEC filings or corporate governance materials should send a written request to: Secretary, Union Pacific Corporation, 1400 Douglas Street, Omaha, NE 68179. 

References to our website address in this report, including references in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 2, are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be deemed, an incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the website. Therefore, such information should not be considered part of this report. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We base our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations upon our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The preparation of these financial statements requires estimation and judgment that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. If these estimates differ materially from actual results, the impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements may be material. Our critical accounting policies are available in Item 7 of our   2015   Annual  

23 

Table of Contents  

Report on Form 10-K. There have not been any significant changes with respect to t  hese policies during the first   nine   months   of   2016  . 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Quarterly Summary 

We reported earnings of   $1.36   per diluted share on net income of   $1.1   billion in the   third   quarter of 2016 compared to earnings of   $1.50   per diluted share on net income of   $1.3   billion for the   third   quarter of 2015. Freight revenues   decreased     7%  ,    or   $378   million, in the third   quarter compared to the same period in 2015. The   decrease   was due to a     6%     decline   in volume and   a    2  %    decline in   average revenue per car (ARC)   resulting from   lower fuel surcharge revenue  ,   partially offset by core pricing gains. Lower energy prices continue to negatively impact the demand for coal and shale related products   such as frac sand, crude oil, and pipe shipments.  In addition, i  ntermodal  , finished vehicles, and rock     shipments decreased   compared to 2015.   Conversely, shipments of automotive parts, grain, and industrial chemicals increased in the third quarter compared to the same period last year.    

Whi  le     our carload volume   sequentially increased from the second quarter, we continue to align our critical resources with current market demands.    At the end of the third quarter,   approximately   3,200     employees   were   either furloughed or in alternate   work status, and approximately 1,500   locomotives   were in storage. Our operating expenses   decreased     4%   in the   third   quarter of   2016 compared to 2015 as a result of lower fuel prices, volume-related     costs  , and productivity gains,   which more than offset   inflation  ,     higher depreciation  ,     and other   expense  s  .   

Overall, we continued to make   improvements in many of   our operating and service metrics during the quarter  , despite the disruptions   caused by severe weather in the   Southern Region.    As reported to the Association of American Railroads (AAR),   both   a  verage train speed   and average terminal dwell time   improved   2%     in   the   third     quarter   compared to the same period in 2015   driven by   lower vo  lumes and improved network   operations. 

Operating Revenues 

We generate freight revenues by transporting freight or other materials from our six commodity groups. Freight revenues vary with volume (carloads) and ARC. Changes in price, traffic mix and fuel surcharges drive ARC. We provide some of our customers with contractual incentives for meeting or exceeding specified cumulative volumes or shipping to and from specific locations, which we record as reductions to freight revenues based on the actual or projected future shipments. We recognize freight revenues as shipments move from origin to destination. We allocate freight revenues between reporting periods based on the relative transit time in each reporting period and recognize expenses as we incur them. 

Other revenues include revenues earned by our subsidiaries, revenues from commuter rail operations that we manage, accessorial revenues, which we earn when customers retain equipment owned or controlled by us or when we perform additional services such as switching or storage, and miscellaneous contract revenue. We recognize other revenues as we perform services or meet contractual obligations. 

Freight revenues decreased during the   third   quarter   and year-to-date periods   of 2016 compared to 2015 as a result of volume declines in   most of our six commodity groups and lower fuel surcharge revenue.   Mix of traffic also decreased revenue and average revenue per car in the year-to-date period.  These declines were   partial  ly offset by core pricing gains in the third quarter and year-to-date periods. 

Each of our commodity groups includes revenue from fuel surcharges. Freight revenues from fuel surcharge programs   were $173 million and $373 million in the   third quarter and year-to-date periods of 2016 compared to $314   million and $  1.1 b  illion in the same periods of 2015. Lower fuel surcharge  

24 

Table of Contents  

revenue resulted from lower fuel prices and lower volumes. In addition,   year-to-date fuel surcharge recovery was lower as a number of our   fuel recovery programs   were   below the minimum   surcharge   entry point   in the second quarter due to declining   fuel prices   in   the first quarter (it can generally take up to two months for changing fuel prices to affect fuel surcharge recoveries).    

Other   revenues   decreased   in the     third     quarter   and year-to-date periods of 2016 compared to 2015   due to lower   subsidiary   revenues, primarily those that broker intermodal and automotive services.    Year-to-date, volume-related reductions in accessorial revenues also drove the decrease. 

The following tables summarize the year-over-year changes in freight revenues, revenue carloads, and ARC by commodity type:  

[a]      Each intermodal container or trailer equals one carload. 

Agricultural Products       Freight   revenue from agricultural   products   shipments   increased   in the   third   quarter    o  f 2016 compared to 2015   due to volume growth and   core pricing gains  , partially offset by lower fuel surcharge revenue and mix of traffic, including length of   haul.  Volumes increased 11% in the third quarter compared to 2015 driven by a 22% increase in grain shipments   from   strong export demand  .  Market conditions in South America and ample supply of U.S. grains led to competitive U.S. pricing relative to the global market.        Year-  to-date, freight revenue was down 1% compared to   2015 due to lower fuel surcharge revenue, partially offset by a 3% volume increase and core pricing gains. 

25 

Table of Contents  

Automotive     Freight revenue from automotive shipments decreased in the third quarter compared to 2015 due to lower fuel surcharge revenue, mix of traffic, and volume declines, which more than offset core pricing gains.  Volumes   declined in the third quarter compared to 2015 as finished vehicle shipments decreased 7% resulting from a partial contract loss as well   as reduced production of passenger vehicles, impacting key UPRR-served plants. Year-to-date, automotiv  e f  reight   revenue   decreased compared to 2015 as a result of lower fuel surcharge revenue and mix of traffic, more than offsetting volume growth of 1% and core pricing gains. Automotive parts shipments grew 5% and 8% in the third quarter and year-to-date periods, respectively, driven by growth in   truck-to-rail conversions. 

Chemicals        Freight   revenue from chemical shipments decreased in the   third   quarter and year-to-date periods of 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to l  ower   fuel surcharge revenue and volume declines, which were partially offset by core price improvements.  Crude oil shipments declined resulting from continued low crude oil prices, regional pricing differences for certain types of crude oil, and available pipeline capacity.  Fertilizer shipments also declined in the year-to-date period of 2016 compared to 2015 due to weak world-wide demand for potash in the first half of the year and the strong U.S. dollar.  These decreases were partially offset by growth in industrial chemical and liquid petroleum gas shipments in both periods compared to 2015.   

Coal     Lower   volume  , lower fuel surcharge revenue, and mix of traffic resulted in a decline in freight revenue from coal shipments in the third quarter and year-to-date periods of 2016 compared to 2015  .      Ship  ments out of the Powder River Basin (PRB) declined 17% in the third quarter of 2016 due to high inventory levels at utilities and competitive natural gas prices.  Shipments out of Colorado and Utah declined 16% compared to the third quarter of 2015 due to the same drivers, combined with lower international demand.  Year-to-date, coal shipments out of the PRB and Colorado/Utah region declined 27% and 24%, respectively, compared to 2015. 

Industrial Products     Freight revenue   from industrial products shipments decreased compared to the third quarter and year-to-date periods of 2015 as a result of lower volume and lower fuel surcharge revenue, partially offset by core price improvements. Declines in shale drilling activity, due to lower crude oil prices, negatively impacted non-metallic mineral (frac sand) shipments compared to 2015. Rock shipments also decreased in both periods versus 2015 as severe weather and flooding in the Southern Region during the second quarter limited   construction activity   and   demand for   shipment of   materials  , which created high inventory carryover into the third quarter  .    Steel shipments also declined as a result of reductions in shale drilling activity and strong import levels associated with the strength of the U.S. dollar.  

Intermodal        Lower   volume and lower   fuel surcharge   revenue, partially   offset   by   core pricing gains,   resulted in a decline in freight revenue from intermodal shipments in the third   quarter and year-to-date   periods   of 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015.  V  olume levels from international   and domestic   traffic   decreased 11  %    and 2%, respectively, in the third quarter versus 2015 due to weaker global trade activity, softer domestic sales,   high retail inventories  , and a customer bankruptcy. Year-to-date, v  olume levels from international   and domestic   traffic   decreased 13  %    and 4%, respectively, compared to last year. 

Mexico Business       Each   of our commodity groups includes revenue from shipments to and from Mexico. Revenue from Mexico business   increased     2%     to   $564   mi  llion   in the third quarter compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to a 4% increase in volume levels. Year-to  -da  te, revenue of $1,649 million was flat compared t  o    last year. Lower fuel surcharge revenue offset the 5  %    increase in volume, which was driven by growth in Agricultural Products, Coal, Intermodal and automotive parts shipments. 

26 

Table of Contents  

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses   decreased     $140   million   and   $1,005   million   in the   third   quarter   and year-to-date periods, respectively,   compared   to 2015.   L  ower fuel prices, volume-related savings,   productivity gains, and   lower equipment maintenance expense     drove the decrease  s  .  These cost reductions were   partially offset by inflation, other costs and depreciation expense.    

Compensation and Benefits        Compensation and benefits include wages, payroll taxes, health and welfare costs, pension costs, other postretirement benefits, and incentive costs. For     the   third   quarter   and year-to-date periods of 2016  , expenses   decreased 6% and 10%, respectively compared to 2015,   driven by lower volume-related costs  ,    productivity gains  , and lower training expense  .    General wage and benefit i  nflation partially offset these decreases.  

Purchased Services and Materials           Expense for purchased services and materials includes the costs of services purchased from outside contractors and other service providers (including equipment maintenance and contract expenses incurred   by our subsidiaries for external transportation services); materials used to maintain the Railroad s lines, structures, and equipment; costs of operating facilities jointly used by UPRR and other railroads; transportation and lodging for train crew employees; trucking   and contracting costs for intermodal containers; leased automobile maintenance expenses; and tools and supplies.     Purchased services and materials   decreased     4%     and   7%     in the   third   quarter   and year-to-date periods   of 2016,   respectively,   when compared to the same period  s   of 2015.   P  rimary driver  s included lower volume-related costs and   lower locomotive and freight car repair and maintenance   expenses  . 

Fuel     Fuel   includes locomotive fuel and fuel for highway and non-highway vehicles and heavy equipment. Locomotive diesel fuel prices, which averaged   $1.57   per gallon (including taxes and transportation costs) in the   third   quarter of 2016, compared to   $1.81   per gallon in the same period in 2015,   decreased   expenses by $  59   million. In addition, fuel costs were   lower   as gross ton-  miles   decreased     6%   compared to the same period in 2015. The fuel consumption rate (c-rate), computed as gallons of fuel consumed divided by gross ton-miles in thousands,   improved     2%     compared to the   third   quarter of 2015.      For the   nine   month period, locomotive diesel fuel prices averaged $  1.42   per   gallon in 2016 compared to $1.92   in 2015,   reducing   expenses by $  358 million. 

Depreciation       The majority of depreciation relates to road property, including rail, ties, ballast, and other track material. A higher depreciable asset base, reflecting recent years  higher capital spending,   increased   depreciation expense in the   third   quarter   and year-to-date periods of 2016 compared to 2015. These   increase  s    w  ere   partially offset by our recent depreciation studies that resulted in lower depreciation rates for some asset classes  .    

Equipment and Other Rents         Equipment and other rents expense primarily includes rental expense that the Railroad pays for freight cars owned by other railroads or private companies; freight car, intermodal, and locomotive leases; and office and other rentals. Equipment and other rents expense in the   third   quarter   and year-to-date periods   of   2016   decreased     7%     compared to the same period  s   in 2015  ,   mainly driven by the   decline   in volume levels   which reduced car hire expense,     and lower locomotive   lease expense.  

Other         Other expenses include state and local taxes; freight, equipment and property damage; utilities, insurance, personal injury, environmental, employee travel, telephone and cellular, computer software, bad debt and other general expenses.   Other costs in the third quarter and year-to-date periods   increased    

27 

Table of Contents  

32%   and   11  %, respectively  ,   compared to 2015, as a result of   higher state and local   taxes, bad debt expense (customer bankruptcy),   the write-off of certain in-progress capital projects that were cancelled, and   environmental costs.  These increases were partially offset by lower personal injury expense.  Year-to-date, the increase in other expenses was also partially offset by lower property and equipment damage expense. 

Non-Operating Items 

Other Income       Other income   decreased     slightly   in the   third   quarter 2016 compared to   2015 due to   lower real estate gains.   Year-to-date, other income decreased primarily as a result of a $113 million   real estate sale   gain in 2015   and higher environmental costs on non-operating property in 2016.     The decrease  s were partially offset   by $6  7 million   of   real estate sale   gain  s     in the first half   of 2016  . 

Interest Expense     Interest expense   increased   in the   third   quarter of 2016 compared to 2015 due to an   increased     weig  hted-average debt   level of   $15.4 billion in 2016 compared to $13.2   billion in 2015  , and costs of approximately $8 million related to the debt exchange.  These increases were   partially offset by a lower effective interest rate of   4.7%   compared to   4.8%  .    Year-to-date, interest expense   increased   due to an increased   weighted-average debt level of   $15.0     b  illion in 2016 from $12.6   billion in 2015, partially offset by a   lower   effective interest rate of   4.7%   compared to   4.9  %  .   

Income Taxes     Income taxes were   lower   in the   third   quarter   and year-to-date periods   of 2016 compared to 2015, driven by   lower     pre-tax income.   Our effective tax rates for   third   quarter 2016 and 2015 were   37.3%   and   37.5%  , respectively.   Our 2016 year-to-date effective tax rate was   37.4%   compared   to   37.8%   in 2015.  

OTHER OPERATING/PERFORMANCE AND FINANCIAL STATISTICS 

We report a number of key performance measures weekly to the AAR. We provide this data on our website at www.up.com/investor/aar-stb_reports/index.htm. 

Operating/Performance Statistics 

Railroad performance measures are included in the table below: 

Average Train Speed     Average train speed is calculated by dividing train miles by hours operated on our main lines between terminals. Average train speed for the   third   quarter   and year-to-date periods   of 2016, as reported to the AAR, improved   2%     and   7%  , respectively,   compared to the same period  s   in 2015  . Velocity gains resulted from lower volumes, improved network fluidity and a strong resource position.    

Average Terminal Dwell Time     Average terminal dwell time is the average time that a rail car spends at our terminals. Lower average terminal dwell time improves asset utilization and service. Average terminal dwell time in     the   third   quarter   and year-to-date periods   of 2016 improved   2%   and   4%  ,   respectively,    

28 

Table of Contents  

compared to the same period  s   of   2015, reflecting the impact of lower volumes and improved network operations. 

Gross and Revenue Ton-Miles     Gross ton-miles are calculated by multiplying the weight of loaded and empty freight cars by the number of miles hauled. Revenue ton-miles are calculated by multiplying the weight of freight by the number of tariff miles.   Both g  ross ton-miles and revenue ton-miles   decreased     6%   during the   third   quarter of 2016 compared to 2015, resulting from   a     6%     decline   in carloadings.   Year-to-date, gross ton-miles and revenue ton-miles   decreased     10%   and   12%   respectively, compared to the same period of 2015, resulting from   a  n     8%     decrease   in   carloadings. Changes in commodity mix drove the variances in year-over-year declines between gross ton-miles, revenue ton-miles and carloads. 

Operating Ratio     Operating   ratio is our operating expenses reflected as a percentage of operating revenue. Our   third   quarter operating ratio   increased   1.8   points   to   62.1%   in 2016 versus 2015 as core pricing gains, resource realignments, and productivity gains were more than offset by the impact of lower volume  ,    inflation  , and other costs  . Year-to-date, our operating   ratio of   64.1%    i  ncreased     1   point   compared   to   2015   as a result of   the   same factors affecting the third quarter  .    

Employees     Employee   levels   in the third quarter and year-to-date periods decreased   10%   and   11  % respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015.  The decreases were driven by lower volume levels, productivity gains, a smaller capital workforce, and fewer transportation employees in training.  

Debt to Capital / Adjusted Debt to Capital 

Adjusted debt to capital is a non-GAAP financial measure under SEC Regulation G and Item 10 of SEC Regulation S-K, and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. We believe this measure is important to management and investors in evaluating the total amount of leverage in our capital structure, including off-balance sheet lease obligations, which we generally incur in connection with financing the acquisition of locomotives and freight cars and certain facilities. Operating leases were discounted using   4.7%   at   September 30  , 2016, and   4.8%   at December 31, 2015. The discount rate reflects our effective interest rate. We monitor the ratio of adjusted debt to capital as we manage our capital structure to balance cost-effective and efficient access to the capital markets with the Corporation s overall cost of capital. Adjusted debt to capital should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, debt to capital. The tables above provide reconciliations from debt to capital to adjusted debt to capital. 

29 

Table of Contents  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Financial Condition 

Operating Activities 

In the first nine months of 2016, lower income   decrease  d   cash   provided by operating activities compared to the same period of 2015  .     The timing of tax payments  , primarily related   to bonus depreciation   on capital spending partially offset this decrease. 

Investing Activities 

Lower capital investments, partially offset by short-term investment purchases, decreased cash used in investing activities   in the first   nine   months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 

The table below details cash capital investments: 

[a]      Other includes bridges and tunnels, signals, other road assets, and road work equipment. 

[b]    Locomotives and freight cars include lease buyouts of $70 million in 2016 and $166 million in 2015. 

Capital Plan 

Due to   anticipated   delays in locomotive deliveries   in the fourth quarter of 2016  , we are reducing our capital plan by   approximately   $100 million to   slightly below $3.6   billion  ,   which includes Positive Train Control (PTC)  , but excludes lease buyouts. We will continue to evaluate and   revise our capital plan if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments.    

Financing Activities 

Cash used in financing activities   decreased   in the first   nine   months of 2016 compared to the same pe  riod of 2015 by $753 million. Reductions in   common stock repurchase  s and dividends paid of $695 million and   $  495   million  , respectively, more than offset a   decrease of $  360   million in debt   issued  .     The decrease in dividends paid was a result of adjusting the dividend payable dates in 2015 to align with the timing of the quarterly dividend declaration and payment dates within the same quarter. Aligning the quarterly dividend  

30 

Table of Contents  

declaration and payment resulted in two payments in the first quarter of 2015: the fourth quarter 2014 dividend of $438 million, which was paid on January 2, 2015, as well as the first quarter 2015 dividend of $484 million, which was paid on March 30, 2015.  The second quarter 2015 dividend of $479 million was paid on June 30, 2015, and the third quarter 2015 dividend of $476 million, which was paid on September 30, 2015. 

Free Cash Flow       Free cash flow is defined as cash provided by operating activities less cash used in investing activities and dividends paid.  

Free cash flow is not considered a financial measure under GAAP by SEC Regulation G and Item 10 of SEC Regulation S-K and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. We believe free cash flow is important to management and investors in evaluating our financial performance and measures our ability to generate cash without additional external financings. Free cash flow should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, cash provided by operating activities. The following table reconciles cash provided by operating activities (GAAP measure) to free cash flow (non-GAAP measure): 

Credit Facilities     At September 30, 2016, we had $1.7 billion of credit available under our revolving credit facility, which is designated for general corporate purposes and supports the issuance of commercial paper. We did not draw on the facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Commitment fees and interest rates payable under the facility are similar to fees and rates available to comparably rated, investment-grade borrowers. The facility allows for borrowings at floating rates based on London Interbank Offered Rates, plus a spread, depending upon credit ratings for our senior unsecured debt. The facility matures in May 2019 under a five-year term and requires UPC to maintain a debt-to-net-worth coverage ratio. At September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 (and at all times during the periods presented), we were in compliance with this covenant.  

The definition of debt used for purposes of calculating the debt-to-net-worth coverage ratio includes, among other things, certain credit arrangements, capital leases, guarantees and unfunded and vested pension benefits under Title IV of ERISA. At September 30, 2016, the debt-to-net-worth coverage ratio allowed us to carry up to $40.6 billion of debt (as defined in the facility),   and we had $15.7 billion   of debt (as defined in the facility) outstanding at that date. Under our current capital plans, we expect to continue to satisfy the debt-to-net-worth coverage ratio; however, many factors beyond our reasonable control could affect our ability to comply with this provision in the future. The facility does not include any other financial restrictions, credit rating triggers (other than rating-dependent pricing), or any other provision that could require us to post collateral. The facility also includes a $125 million cross-default provision and a change-of-control provision.  

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not issue or repay any commercial paper, and at September 30, 2016, we had no commercial paper outstanding. Our revolving credit facility supports our outstanding commercial paper balances, and, unless we change the terms of our commercial paper program, our aggregate issuance of commercial paper will not exceed the amount of borrowings available under the facility. 

Shelf Registration Statement and Significant New Borrowings          On July 28, 2016, the Board of Directors renewed its authorization for the Company to issue   up to $4.0 billion of debt securities   under the Company s current three-year shelf registration filed in February 2015  .   This authorization replaces the original Board authorization in February 2015, which had $0.9 billion of authority remaining.   Under our shelf registration, we may issue, from time to time, any combination of debt securities, preferred stock, common stock, or warrants for debt securities or preferred stock in one or more offerings.     We have no immediate plans to issue equity securities; however, we will continue to explore opportunities to replace existing debt or access capital through issuances of debt securities under our shelf registration, and,  

31 

Table of Contents  

therefore, we may issue additional debt securities at any time  .     At September   30, 2016, we had remaining   authority to issue up to $3.55 billion of debt securities under our shelf registration  . 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we issued the following unsecured, fixed-rate debt securities under our current shelf registration: 

We used the net proceeds from the offerings for general corporate purposes, including the repurchase of common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program. These debt securities include change-of-control provisions  . 

As of September 30, 2016, we reclassified as long-term debt $100 million of debt due within one year that we intend to refinance. This reclassification reflects our ability and intent to refinance any short-term borrowings and certain current maturities of long-term debt on a long-term basis. 

Equipment Trust     On May 9, 2016, UPRR consummated a pass-through (P/T) financing, whereby a P/T trust was created, which issued $151 million of P/T trust certificates with a stated interest rate of 2.495%. The P/T trust certificates will mature on November 9, 2029. The proceeds from the issuance of the P/T trust certificates were used to purchase equipment trust certificates to be issued by UPRR to finance the acquisition of 59 locomotives. The equipment trust certificates are secured by a lien on the locomotives. The $151 million is classified as debt due after one year in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 

Subsequent Event     On October 4, 2016, we exchanged $1,006 million   of various outstanding notes and   debentures due between 2028 and 2044 (the Existing Notes) for $1,044 million of 3.799% notes (the New Notes) due October 1, 2051  , plus cash   consideration of approximately $183 million in addition   to $11   million for accrued and unpaid interest on the Existing Notes.  In accordance with ASC 470-50-40, Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments-Derecognition, this transaction was accounted for   in October   as a debt exchange, as the exchanged debt instruments are not considered to be substantially different.  The cash consideration was recorded   in October   as an adjustment to the carrying value of debt, and the balance of the unamortized discount and issue costs from the Existing Notes   will be   amortized as an adjustment of interest exp  ense over the terms of the New   Notes.  No gain or loss was recognized as a result of the exchange.    Costs related to the debt exchange that were payable to parties other than the debt holders totaled approximately $8 million and were included in interest expense during the period ended September 30, 2016. 

The following table lists the outstanding notes and debentures that were exchanged: 

32 

Table of Contents  

Receivables Securitization Facility     The Railroad maintains a $650 million, 3-year receivables securitization facility (the Receivables Facility)  , which now matures   in   July 2019  , after we completed a renewal in August 2016 with comparable terms.     U  nder   the Receivables Facility, the Railroad   sells most of its eligible third-party receivables to Union Pacific Receivables, Inc. (UPRI), a consolidated, wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary that may subsequently transfer, without recourse, an undivided interest in accounts receivable to investors. The investors have no recourse to the Railroad s other assets except for customary warranty and indemnity claims. Creditors of the Railroad do not have   recourse to the assets of UPRI  .   

The amount outstanding under the     Receivables Facility   was $400 million at both   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  . The   Receivables Facility   was   supported by $  1.0 billion and $0.9 b  illion of accounts   receivable as collateral at     September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, which  , as a retained interest, is included in accounts receivable, net in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 

The outstanding amount the Railroad is allowed to maintain under the Receivables Facility, with a maximum of $650 million, may fluctuate based on the availability of eligible receivables and is directly affected by business volumes and credit risks, including receivables payment quality measures such as default and dilution ratios. If default or dilution ratios increase one percent, the allowable outstanding amount under the     Receivables Facility would not materially change. 

The costs of the Receivables Facility include interest, which will vary based on prevailing benchmark and commercial paper rates, program fees paid to participating banks, commercial paper issuance costs, and fees of participating banks for unused   commitment availability. The costs of the   Receivables Facility   are include  d in interest expense and were $2 million   and $  1   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016, and 2015, respectively, and $5 million and $4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015, respectively. 

Share Repurchase Program 

Effective January 1, 2014, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 120 million shares of our common stock by December 31, 2017, replacing our previous repurchase program. As of September 30, 2016, we repurchased a total of   $18.2   billion of our common stock since the commencement of our repurchase programs in 2007. The table below represents shares repurchased under this repurchase program during this reporting period. 

Management's assessments of market conditions and other pertinent factors guide the timing and volume of all repurchases. We expect to fund any share repurchases under this program through cash generated from operations, the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, debt issuances, and cash on hand. Repurchased shares are recorded in treasury stock at cost, which includes any applicable commissions and fees. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Contractual Obligations, and Commercial Commitments 

As described in the notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and as referenced in the tables below, we have contractual obligations and commercial commitments that may affect our financial condition. However, based on our assessment of the underlying provisions and circumstances of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments, including material sources of off-balance sheet and structured finance arrangements, there is no known trend, demand, commitment, event, or uncertainty that is reasonably likely to occur that would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. In addition, our commercial obligations, financings, and  

33 

Table of Contents  

commitments are customary transactions that are similar to those of other comparable corporations, particularly within the transportation industry. 

The following tables identify material obligations and commitments as of   September 30, 2016  : 

[a]      Excludes capital lease obligations of $  1,135 million, as well as   unamortiz  ed discount and deferred issuance costs of ($683) million.   Includes an interest component of $  10,487   million. 

[b]       Includes leases for locomotives, freight cars, other equipment, and real estate. 

[c]      Represents total obligations, in  cluding interest component of $259   million. 

[d]      Purchase obligations include locomotive maintenance contracts; purchase commitments for fuel purchases, locomotives, ties, ballast,   and   rail; and agreements to purchase other goods and services  .    For amounts where we cannot reasonably estimate the year o  f settlement, they are included   in the Other column. 

[e]      Includes estimated other postretirement, medical, and life insurance payments and payments made under the unfunded pension plan for the next ten years. 

[f]    Future cash flows for i  ncome   tax contingencies reflect the re  corded liabilities and assets for unrecognized tax benefits,   including any interest or penalties  ,     as of   September 30, 2016.   For amounts where the year of settlement is uncertain, they are   included   in the Other column. 

[a]       None of the credit facility was used as of   September 30, 2016  . 

[b]     $400 million   of the receivables securitization facility was utilized   as of     September 30, 2016, which is accounted for as debt.    T  he full program   matures in July 2019. 

[c]      Includes guaran  teed obligations related to our   affiliated operations. 

[d]      None of the letters of credit were drawn upon as of   September 30, 2016  . 

OTHER MATTERS 

Asserted and Unasserted Claims     Various claims and lawsuits are pending against us and certain of our subsidiaries. We cannot fully determine the effect of all asserted and unasserted claims on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. To the extent possible, we have recorded a liability where asserted and unasserted claims are considered probable and where such claims can be reasonably estimated. We do not expect that any known lawsuits, claims, environmental costs, commitments, contingent liabilities, or guarantees will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity after taking into account liabilities and insurance recoveries previously recorded for these matters. 

Indemnities       We are contingently obligated under a variety of indemnification arrangements, although in some cases the extent of our potential liability is limited, depending on the nature of the transactions and  

34 

Table of Contents  

the agreements. Due to uncertainty as to whether claims will be made or how they will be resolved, we cannot reasonably determine the probability of an adverse claim or reasonably estimate any adverse liability or the total maximum exposure under these indemnification arrangements. We do not have any reason to believe that we will be required to make any material payments under these indemnity provisions. 

Accounting Pronounc  e  ments         In May   2014  , the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No.   2014  -09 (ASU   2014  -09),   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  .    ASU   2014  -09 supersedes the revenue recognition guidance in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition  .    The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in the exchange for those goods or services  .    This standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017  .    ASU   2014  -09 is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows  . 

In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01 (ASU 2016-01),   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (Subtopic 825-10)  . ASU 2016-01 provides guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. This guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted.   ASU 2016-01 is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (ASU 2016-02),   Leases (Subtopic 842)  . ASU 2016-02 will require companies to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. For public companies, this standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09 (ASU 2016-09) Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718), which simplifies the accounting for income taxes related to stock-based compensation. We elected to early adopt ASU 2016-09 in the first quarter of 2016 with an effe  ctive date of January 1, 2016.   As a result of the adoption, we recognized excess tax benefits in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows     of $  5   million   and $21 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively  .     Prior periods have not been adjusted.   

CAUTIONARY INFORMATION 

Certain statements in this report, and statements in other reports or information filed or to be filed with the SEC (as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by us), are, or will be, forward-looking statements as defined by the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements and information include, without limitation, the statements and information set forth under the caption  Liquidity and Capital Resources  in Item 2 regarding our capital plan and statements under the caption  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Contractual Obligations, and Commercial Commitments.  Forward-looking statements and information also include any other statements or information in this report regarding: expectations as to operational or service improvements; expectations regarding the effectiveness of steps taken or to be taken to improve operations, service, infrastructure improvements, and transportation plan modifications; expectations as to cost savings, revenue growth, and earnings; the time by which goals, targets, or objectives will be achieved; projections, predictions, expectations, estimates, or forecasts as to our business, financial and operational results, future economic performance, and general economic conditions; proposed new products and services; estimates of costs relating to environmental remediation and restoration; estimates and expectations regarding tax matters, expectations that claims, litigation, environmental costs, commitments, contingent liabilities, labor negotiations or agreements, or other matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity and any other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts.  

Forward-looking statements and information reflect the good faith consideration by management of currently available information, and may be based on underlying assumptions believed to be reasonable  

35 

Table of Contents  

under the circumstances. However, such information and assumptions (and, therefore, such forward-looking statements and information) are or may be subject to variables or unknown or unforeseeable events or circumstances over which management has little or no influence or control. The Risk Factors in Item 1A of our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 6, 2016, could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, and this report, including this Item 2, should be read in conjunction with these Risk Factors. To the extent circumstances require or we deem it otherwise necessary, we will update or amend these risk factors in a Form 10-Q or Form 8-K. Information regarding new risk factors or material changes to our risk factors, if any, is set forth in Item 1A of Part II of this report. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times that, or by which, such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking information is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements.  

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statement was made. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking information to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect thereto or with respect to other forward-looking statements. 

It    em 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

There were no material changes to the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk previously disclosed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

It    em 4. Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Corporation carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Corporation s management, including the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Executive Vice President   Finance and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Based upon that evaluation, the CEO and the CFO concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Additionally, the CEO and CFO determined that there were no changes to the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. 

P    ART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

It    em 1. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and litigation that occur in connection with our business. We routinely assess our liabilities and contingencies in connection with these matters based upon the latest available information and, when necessary, we seek input from our third-party advisors when making these assessments. Consistent with SEC rules and requirements, we describe below material pending legal proceedings (other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business), material proceedings known to be contemplated by governmental authorities, other proceedings arising under federal, state, or local environmental laws and regulations (including governmental proceedings involving potential fines, penalties, or other monetary sanctions in excess of $100,000), and such other pending matters that we may determine to be appropriate. 

36 

Table of Contents  

Environmental Matters 

We receive notices from the EPA and state environmental agencies alleging that we are or may be liable under federal or state environmental laws for remediation costs at various sites throughout the U.S., including sites on the Superfund National Priorities List or state superfund lists. We cannot predict the ultimate impact of these proceedings and suits because of the number of potentially responsible parties involved, the degree of contamination by various wastes, the scarcity and quality of volumetric data related to many of the sites, and the speculative nature of remediation costs. 

Information concerning environmental claims and contingencies and estimated remediation costs is set forth in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Policies   Environmental, Item 7 of our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

Other Matters 

Antitrust Litigation   -   As we reported in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007, 20 rail shippers (many of whom are represented by the same law firms) filed virtually identical  

antitrust lawsuits in various federal district courts against us and four other Class I railroads in the U.S. Currently, UPRR and three other Class I railroads are the named defendants in the lawsuit. The original plaintiff filed the first of these claims in the U.S. District Court in New Jersey on May 14, 2007. The number of complaints reached a total of 30. These suits allege that the named railroads engaged in price-fixing by establishing common fuel surcharges for certain rail traffic.  

In addition to suits filed by direct purchasers of rail transportation services, a few of the suits involved plaintiffs alleging that they are or were indirect purchasers of rail transportation and sought to represent a purported class of indirect purchasers of rail transportation services that paid fuel surcharges. These complaints added allegations under state antitrust and consumer protection laws. On November 6, 2007, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered that all of the rail fuel surcharge cases be transferred to Judge Paul Friedman of the U.S. District Court in the District of Columbia for coordinated or consolidated pretrial proceedings. Following numerous hearings and rulings, Judge Friedman dismissed the complaints of the indirect purchasers, which the indirect purchasers appealed. On April 16, 2010, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia affirmed Judge Friedman s ruling dismissing the indirect purchasers  claims based on various state laws.  

On June 21, 2012, Judge Friedman issued   a   decision   that   certified a class of plaintiffs with eight named plaintiff representatives. The decision included in the class all shippers that paid a rate-based fuel surcharge to any one of the defendant railroads for rate-unregulated rail transportation from July 1, 2003, through December 31, 2008. This was a procedural ruling, which did not affirm any of the claims asserted by the plaintiffs and does not   address   the ability of the railroad defendants to disprove the allegations made by the plaintiffs. On July 5, 2012, the defendant railroads filed a petition with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia requesting that the court review the class certification ruling. On August 28, 2012, a panel of the Circuit Court of the District of Columbia referred the petition to a merits panel of the court to address the issues in the petition and to address whether the district court properly granted class certification. The Circuit Court heard oral arguments on May 3, 2013. On August 9, 2013, the Circuit Court vacated the class certification decision and remanded the case to the district court to reconsider the class certification decision in light of a recent Supreme Court case and incomplete consideration of errors in the expert report of the plaintiffs. On October 31, 2013, Judge Friedman approved a schedule agreed to by all parties for consideration of the class certification issue on remand.  

On October 2,   2014  , the plaintiffs informed Judge Friedman that their economic expert had a previously undisclosed conflict of interest. Judge Friedman ruled on November 26,   2014  , that the plaintiffs had until April 1,   2015  , to file a supplemental expert report to support their motion for class certification. The plaintiffs filed their supplemental expert report on April 1,   2015  . Judge Friedman issued a scheduling order on June 19,   2015  , scheduling a class certification hearing for November 2,   2015  .     Judge Friedman then vacated the hearing date in an Order on September 28,   2015   because of the potential impact resulting from the decision of the U.S. Supreme Court case,   Tyson Foods v. Bouaphakeo  ,     related to class action certification and damages.   The U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision in that case on March 22, 2016.  After reviewing the Supreme Court s decision and related briefings from the parties, Judge Friedman issued an order scheduling the class certification hearing for the week of September 26, 2016, which was conducted as scheduled.  The parties are awaiting the results of that hearing. 

37 

Table of Contents  

As we reported in our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 10, 2011, the Railroad received a complaint filed in the U.S. District Court   for the District of Columbia on June 7, 2011, by Oxbow Carbon   Minerals LLC and related entities (Oxbow). The complaint named the Railroad and one other U.S. Class I Railroad as defendants and alleged that the named railroads engaged in price-fixing and monopolistic practices in connection with fuel surcharge programs and pricing of shipments of certain commodities, including coal and petroleum coke. The complaint sought injunctive relief and payment of damages of over $30 million, and other unspecified damages, including treble damages. Some of the allegations in the complaint were addressed in the existing fuel surcharge litigation referenced above. The complaint also included additional unrelated allegations regarding alleged limitations on competition for shipments of Oxbow s commodities. Judge Friedman, who presides over the fuel surcharge matter described above, also presides over this matter. On February 26, 2013, Judge Friedman granted the defendants  motion to dismiss Oxbow s complaint for failure to state properly a claim under the antitrust laws. However, the dismissal was without prejudice to refile the complaint. Judge Friedman approved a schedule that allowed Oxbow to file a revised complaint, which Oxbow filed on May 1, 2013. The amended complaint alleges that UPRR and one other Class I railroad violated Sections 1 and 2 of the Sherman Antitrust Act and that UPRR also breached a tolling agreement between Oxbow and UPRR. Oxbow claims that it paid more than $50 million in wrongfully imposed fuel surcharges. UPRR and the other railroad filed separate motions to dismiss the Oxbow revised complaint on July 1, 2013. Judge Friedman heard oral arguments on the motions to dismiss filed by UPRR and the other railroad on January 8, 2015. Judge Friedman denied the motions to dismiss on February 24, 2015. This was a procedural ruling, which did not affirm any of the claims asserted by Oxbow and does not affect the ability of the railroad defendants to disprove the allegations made by Oxbow.   UP  RR   filed   its answer   to Oxbow s complaint on March 24,   2015, and the   parties   have commenced   discovery.    

We deny the allegations that our fuel surcharge programs violate the antitrust laws or any other laws. We believe that these lawsuits are without merit, and we will vigorously defend our actions. Therefore, we currently believe that these matters will not have a material adverse effect on any of our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 

It    em 1A. Risk Factors  

There were no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

It    em 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Purchases of Equity Securities       The following table presents common stock repurchases during each month for the third quarter of 2016  : 

[a]      Total number of shares purchased during the quarter includes   13,830   shares delivered or attested to UPC by employees to pay stock option exercise prices, satisfy excess tax withholding obligations for stock option exercises or vesting of retention units, and pay withholding obligations for vesting of retention shares. 

[b]      Effective January 1,   2014  , our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to   120   million shares of our common stock by December 31, 2017. These repurchases may be made on the open market or through other transactions. Our management has sole discretion with respect to determining the timing and amount of these transactions. 

Dividend Restrictions     Our revolving credit facility includes a debt-to-net worth covenant that, under certain circumstances, restricts the payment of cash dividends to our shareholders. The amount of retained earnings available for dividends   was   $12.4   billion and     $13.6   billion at   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

38 

Table of Contents  

Ite    m 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

It    em 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

It    em 5. Other Information 

None. 

39 

Table of Contents  

It    em 6. Exhibits 

40 

Table of Contents  

SI    GNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated:    October 20  , 2016 

UNION PACIFIC CORPORATION (Registrant) 

By  

/s/ Robert M. Knight, Jr.  

Robert M. Knight, Jr.  

Exe  cutive Vice President   and  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

By  

/s/ Todd M. Rynaski  

Todd M. Rynaski  

Vice President and Controller  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

41 

<EX-12. (A)>
 2
 unp-20160930xex12_a.htm
 EX-12. (A)

EX-12(A)

Exhibit 12  (a) 

RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES (Unaudited) 

Union Pacific Corporation and Subsidiary Companies 

42 

</EX-12. (A)>

<EX-12. (B)>
 3
 unp-20160930xex12_b.htm
 EX-12. (B)

EX-12(B)

Exhibit 12  (b) 

RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES (Unaudited) 

Union Pacific Corporation and Subsidiary Companies 

43 

</EX-12. (B)>

<EX-31. (A)>
 4
 unp-20160930xex31_a.htm
 EX-31. (A)

EX-31(A)

Exhibit 31(a) 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,   Lance M. Fritz  , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Union Pacific Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:   October 20  , 201  6 

/s/ Lance M. Fritz  

Lance M. Fritz  

Chairman,   President and  

Chief Executive Officer  

44 

</EX-31. (A)>

<EX-31. (B)>
 5
 unp-20160930xex31_b.htm
 EX-31. (B)

EX-31(B)

Exhibit 31(b) 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Robert M. Knight, Jr., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Union Pacific Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:   October 20  , 201  6 

/s/ Robert M. Knight, Jr.  

Robert M. Knight, Jr.  

Executive Vice President and  

Chief Financial Officer  

45 

</EX-31. (B)>

<EX-32>
 6
 unp-20160930xex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying quarterly report of Union Pacific Corporation (the Corporation) on Form 10-Q for the period ending   September   30  , 201  6  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I,   Lance M. Fritz  ,    Chairman,   President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation.     

By:    /s/ Lance M. Fritz 

Lance M. Fritz 

Chairman,   President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

Union Pacific Corporation 

October 20  , 201  6 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Corporation and will be retained by the Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying quarterly report of Union Pacific Corporation (the Corporation) on Form 10-Q for the period ending   September   30  , 201  6  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Robert M. Knight, Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation.     

By:    /s/ Robert M. Knight, Jr. 

Robert M. Knight, Jr. 

Executive Vice President and  

Chief Financial Officer 

Union Pacific Corporation 

October 20  , 201  6 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Corporation and will be retained by the Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

46 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 unp-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 unp-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 unp-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 unp-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 unp-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 unp-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

