<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1343719_0001144204-16-134337_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15036224</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>386394</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>566801</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4385159</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6164033</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3133343</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>80</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134337.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114172209
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134337
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Energy XXI Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001343719
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL AND GAS FIELD EXPLORATION SERVICES [1382]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33628
		FILM NUMBER:		161995961

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CANONS COURT
		STREET 2:		22 VICTORIA STREET PO BX HM 1179
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713 351 3003

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CANONS COURT
		STREET 2:		22 VICTORIA STREET PO BX HM 1179
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENERGY XXI (BERMUDA) LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061026

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENERGY XXI ACQUISITION CORP BERMUDA LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134337.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v451121_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

 OR  

For the transition period from            to             

 Commission File Number:  001-33628   

ENERGY XXI LTD  

 ( Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter )  

Bermuda 

98-0499286 

(State or other jurisdiction of  incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer  Identification Number)  

Canon s Court, 22 Victoria Street, PO Box HM  1179, Hamilton HM EX, Bermuda 

N/A 

(Address of principal executive offices)  

(Zip Code)  

(441) 295-2244  

 ( Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No  o   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No  o   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer  o  

Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer  o  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Smaller reporting company  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o  No     

 As of November 4, 2016, there were 98,776,431 shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.005 per share.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

   ENERGY XXI LTD   TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS  

1  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

3  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

5  

ITEM 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

54  

ITEM 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

76  

ITEM 4.  Controls and Procedures   

77  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  Legal Proceedings   

78  

ITEM 1A.  Risk Factors   

78  

ITEM 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

78  

ITEM 3.  Defaults upon Senior Securities   

79  

ITEM 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures   

80  

ITEM 5.  Other Information   

80  

ITEM 6.  Exhibits   

81  

SIGNATURES  

82  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

83  

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

   GLOSSARY OF TERMS  

 Below is a list of terms that are common to our industry and used throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 ( Quarterly Report ):  

Bbls 

Standard barrel containing 42 U.S. gallons 

MMBbls  

One million Bbls 

Mcf 

One thousand cubic feet 

MMcf  

One million cubic feet 

Btu 

One British thermal unit 

MMBtu  

One million Btu 

BOE 

Barrel of oil equivalent. Natural gas is converted into one BOE based on six Mcf of gas to one barrel of oil 

MBOE  

One thousand BOEs 

DD A 

Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization 

MMBOE  

One million BOEs 

MBbls 

One thousand Bbls 

Call options  are contracts giving the holder (purchaser) the right, but not the obligation, to buy (call) a specified item at a fixed price (exercise or strike price) during a specified period. The purchaser pays a nonrefundable fee (the premium) to the seller (writer).  

  Completion  refers to the work performed and the installation of permanent equipment for the production of natural gas and/or crude oil from a recently drilled or recompleted well.  

  Development well  is a well drilled within the proved area of an oil or gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive.  

  Dry Well  is an exploratory, development or extension well that proves to be incapable of producing either oil or gas in sufficient quantities to justify completion as an oil or gas well.  

  Exploitation  is drilling wells in areas proven to be productive.  

  Exploratory well  is a well drilled to find and produce oil or gas in an unproved area, to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or gas in another reservoir, or to extend a known reservoir. Generally, an exploratory well is any well that is not a development well or a service well.  

  Field  is an area consisting of a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on or related to the same individual geological structural feature and/or stratigraphic condition. For a complete definition of a field, refer to Rule 4-10(a) (8) of Regulation S-X as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  

  Formation  is a stratum of rock that is recognizable from adjacent strata consisting mainly of a certain type of rock or combination of rock types with thickness that may range from less than two feet to hundreds of feet.  

  Gathering and transportation  is the cost of moving crude oil from several wells into a single tank battery or major pipeline.  

  Gross acres or gross wells  are the total acres or wells in which a working interest is owned.  

  Horizon  is a zone of a particular formation or that part of a formation of sufficient porosity and permeability to form a petroleum reservoir.  

  Independent oil and gas company  is a company that is primarily engaged in the exploration and production sector of the oil and gas business.  

  Lease operating or well operating expenses  are expenses incurred to operate the wells and equipment on a producing lease.  

  Net acreage and net oil and gas wells  are obtained by multiplying gross acreage and gross oil and gas wells by the fractional working interest owned in the properties.  

  Oil  includes crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids.  

  Operating costs  include direct and indirect expenses, including general and administrative expenses, incurred to manage, operate and maintain our wells and related equipment and facilities.  

1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

  Plugging and abandonment  refers to the sealing off of fluids in the strata penetrated by a well so that the fluids from a stratum will not escape into another or to the surface. Regulations of many states and the federal government require the plugging of abandoned wells.  

  Production costs  are costs incurred to operate and maintain our wells and related equipment and facilities. For a complete definition of production costs, please refer to Rule 4-10(a) (20) of Regulation S-X as promulgated by the SEC.  

  Productive well  is an exploratory, development or extension well that is not a dry well.  

  Proved area  refers to the part of a property to which proved reserves have been specifically attributed.  

  Proved oil and gas reserves  are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible, from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations, prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. For a complete definition of proved reserves, refer to Rule 4-10(a)
(22) of Regulation S-X as promulgated by the SEC.  

  Proved developed oil and gas reserves  are reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. For a complete definition of proved developed oil and gas reserves, refer to Rule 4-10(a)(3) of Regulation S-X as promulgated by the SEC.  

  Proved undeveloped oil and gas reserves  are reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. For a complete definition of proved undeveloped oil and gas reserves, refer to Rule 4-10(a) (4) of Regulation S-X as promulgated by the SEC.  

  Put options  are contracts giving the holder (purchaser) the right, but not the obligation, to sell (put) a specified item at a fixed price (exercise or strike price) during a specified period. The purchaser pays a nonrefundable fee (the premium) to the seller (writer).  

  Reserve acquisition cost . The total consideration paid for an oil and natural gas property or set of properties, which includes the cash purchase price and any value ascribed to units issued to a seller adjusted for any post-closing items.  

  Reservoir  refers to a porous and permeable underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible oil and/or gas that is confined by impermeable rock or water barriers and is individual and separate from other reservoirs.  

  Seismic  is an exploration method of sending energy waves or sound waves into the earth and recording the wave reflections to indicate the type, size, shape and depth of subsurface rock formations. 2-D seismic provides two-dimensional information and 3-D seismic provides three-dimensional pictures.  

  Working interest  is the operating interest that gives the owner the right to drill, produce and conduct operating activities on the property and a share of production.  

  Workover  refers to operations on a producing well to restore or increase production and such costs are expensed. If the operations add new proved reserves, such costs are capitalized.  

  Zone  is a stratigraphic interval containing one or more reservoirs.  

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

   CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

 Certain statements and information in this Quarterly Report may constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   plan,   intend,   foresee,   should,   would,   could  or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which are generally not historical in nature. These forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by Energy XXI Ltd in light of its
experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors the Company believes are appropriate under the circumstances and their potential effect on us. While management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results or developments anticipated may not be realized or, even if substantially realized, may not have the expected consequences to or effects on the Company s business or results. Our forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those summarized below: 

risks and uncertainties associated with the voluntary petitions for reorganization (the petitions collectively, the  Bankruptcy Petitions ) filed in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division (the  Bankruptcy Court ) seeking relief under the provisions of chapter 11 of Title 11 ( Chapter 11 ) of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ), including our inability to develop, confirm and consummate a plan under Chapter 11 or an alternative restructuring transaction, including a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, which may be necessary to continue as a going concern; 

inability to maintain relationships with suppliers, customers, employees and other third parties as a result of our Chapter 11 filing; 

our ability to obtain the approval of the Bankruptcy Court with respect to motions or other requests made to the Bankruptcy Court in the Debtors  (as defined below) Chapter 11 cases (the  Chapter 11 Cases ), including maintaining strategic control as debtors-in-possession; 

our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and/or obtain adequate financing to allow us to execute our business plan post-emergence from Chapter 11; 

the effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on the Company and on the interests of various constituents, including holders of our common stock; 

Bankruptcy Court rulings in the Chapter 11 Cases as well as the outcome of all other pending litigation and the outcome of the Chapter 11 proceedings in general; 

the length of time that the Company will operate under Chapter 11 protection and the continued availability of operating capital during the pendency of the proceedings; 

risks associated with third party motions in the Chapter 11 Cases, which may interfere with our ability to confirm and consummate a plan of reorganization; 

the potential adverse effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on our liquidity and results of operations; 

increased advisory costs to execute a reorganization; 

the impact of NASDAQ s delisting of our common stock on the liquidity and market price of our common stock and on our ability to access the public capital markets; 

our business strategy; 

further or sustained declines in the prices we receive for our oil and natural gas production; 

our ability to develop, explore for, acquire and replace oil and natural gas reserves and sustain production; 

3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

our future financial condition, results of operations, revenues, expenses and cash flows; 

our future levels of indebtedness, liquidity, compliance with financial covenants and our ability to continue as a going concern; 

our inability to obtain additional financing necessary to fund our operations, capital expenditures, and to meet our other obligations; 

our ability to post additional collateral for current bonds or comply with any new regulations or Notices to Lessees and Operators ( NTLs ) imposed by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (the  BOEM  

economic slowdowns that can adversely affect consumption of oil and natural gas by businesses and consumers; 

uncertainties in estimating our oil and natural gas reserves and net present values of those reserves; 

the need to take ceiling test impairments due to lower commodity prices; 

hedging activities that expose us to pricing and counterparty risks; 

our ability to hedge future oil and natural gas production may be limited by lack of available counterparties and to the extent we are able to enter into hedging arrangements; 

replacing our oil and natural gas reserves; 

geographic concentration of our assets; 

uncertainties in exploring for and producing oil and natural gas, including exploitation, development, drilling and operating risks; 

our ability to make acquisitions and to integrate acquisitions; 

our ability to establish production on our acreage prior to the expiration of related leaseholds; 

availability of drilling and production equipment, facilities, field service providers, gathering, processing and transportation; 

disruption of operations and damages due to capsizing, collisions, hurricanes or tropical storms; 

environmental risks; 

availability, cost and adequacy of insurance coverage; 

competition in the oil and natural gas industry; 

our inability to retain and attract key personnel; 

the effects of government regulation and permitting and other legal requirements; and 

costs associated with perfecting title for mineral rights in some of our properties.  

For additional information regarding known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our projected results, please see Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 (the  2016 Annual Report ) and Part II,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report.  

 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  

4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

   ITEM 1. Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  

  ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS     (In Thousands, except share information)    

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

  ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   (continued)     (In Thousands, except share information)    

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

  ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS     (In Thousands, except per share information)     (Unaudited)   

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

7 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

  ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     (In Thousands)     (Unaudited)   

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

8 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 1   Organization  

  Nature of Operations   

 Energy XXI Ltd was incorporated in Bermuda on July 25, 2005. References in this report to  us,   we,   our,   the Company,  or  Energy XXI  are to Energy XXI Ltd and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. With our principal operating subsidiary headquartered in Houston, Texas, we have historically engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and operation of oil and natural gas properties onshore in Louisiana and Texas and in the Gulf of Mexico Shelf ( GoM Shelf ). We were listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market ( NASDAQ ) under the symbol  EXXI 
prior to the suspension of our common stock from trading at the opening of business on April 25, 2016, in connection with the commencement of the chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings described below. Our common stock resumed trading on the OTC Markets Group Inc. s OTC Pink (the  OTC Pink ) under the symbol  EXXIQ  on April 25, 2016. After the suspension period, our common stock was formally delisted from NASDAQ on May 19, 2016.  

  Bankruptcy Proceedings   

 On April 14, 2016 (the  Petition Date ), Energy XXI Ltd, Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ( EGC ), EPL Oil   Gas, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Energy XXI Ltd ( EPL ) and certain other subsidiaries of Energy XXI Ltd (together with Energy XXI Ltd, the  Debtors ) (excluding Energy XXI GIGS Services, LLC, which leases a subsea pipeline gathering system located in the shallow GoM Shelf and storage and onshore processing facilities on Grand Isle, Louisiana, Energy XXI Insurance Limited through which certain insurance coverage
for its operations is obtained by the Company, Energy XXI (US Holdings) Limited, Energy XXI International Limited, Energy XXI Malaysia Limited and Energy XXI M21K, LLC, (together, the  Non-Debtors )) filed voluntary petitions for reorganization (the petitions collectively, the  Bankruptcy Petitions ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division (the  Bankruptcy Court ) seeking relief under the provisions of chapter 11 of Title 11 ( Chapter 11 ) of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ). The Debtors  Chapter 11 cases (collectively, the  Chapter 11 Cases ) are being jointly administered under the caption  In re: Energy XXI Ltd, et al., Case No. 16-31928.  The Debtors continue to operate their businesses and manage their assets as debtors-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court in accordance with the applicable provisions of the
Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. Concurrently with the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions and to streamline the business operations and organization structure following the emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases, Energy XXI Ltd filed a petition commencing an official dissolution proceeding under the laws of Bermuda before the Supreme Court of Bermuda (the  Bermuda Proceeding ). On April 15, 2016, John C. McKenna was appointed as provisional liquidator by the Supreme Court of Bermuda (the  Bermuda Court ). The Bermuda Proceeding is a limited ancillary proceeding under which dissolution of Energy XXI Ltd will be completed following the confirmation of the plan of reorganization by the Bankruptcy Court, accordingly, the Bankruptcy Court retains primary jurisdiction over Energy XXI Ltd during the Chapter 11 Cases. On November 4, 2016, the Bermuda Court granted the Debtors  request to adjourn the Bermuda Proceeding through March 3, 2017. See Note
3     Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources  for a discussion of the Chapter 11 Cases. 

  Going Concern   

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. However, the Chapter 11 Cases and sustained depressed commodity prices raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  

 The consolidated financial statements and related notes do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or to the amounts and classification of liabilities or any other adjustments that would be required should we be unable to continue as a going concern.  

9 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

  Principles of Consolidation and Reporting.   The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Energy XXI Ltd and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ( U.S. GAAP ). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. The consolidated financial statements for the previous periods include certain reclassifications that were made to conform to current presentation. Such reclassifications have no impact on previously reported consolidated net loss or
consolidated cash flows. Our interests in oil and natural gas exploration and production ventures and partnerships are proportionately consolidated. We use the equity method of accounting for investments in entities that we do not control, but over which we exert significant influence.  

 For periods subsequent to filing the Bankruptcy Petitions, we have prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 852,  Reorganizations  ( ASC 852 ). ASC 852 requires that the financial statements distinguish transactions and events that are directly associated with the reorganization from the ongoing operations of the business. Accordingly, professional fees incurred in the Chapter 11 Cases have been recorded in a reorganization line item on the consolidated statements of operations. In addition, ASC 852 provides for changes in the
accounting and presentation of significant items on the consolidated balance sheets, particularly liabilities. Pre-petition obligations that may be impacted by the Chapter 11 reorganization process have been classified on the consolidated balance sheets in liabilities subject to compromise. These liabilities are reported at the amounts expected to be allowed by the Bankruptcy Court, even if they may be settled for lesser amounts.  

  Interim Financial Statements.   The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments of a normal and recurring nature considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The results of operations for the interim period are
not necessarily indicative of the results that will be realized for the entire fiscal year. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the 2016 Annual Report.  

  Use of Estimates.   The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates of proved reserves are key components of our depletion rate for our proved oil and natural gas properties and the full cost ceiling test limitation. Other items subject to estimates and assumptions include
fair value estimates used in accounting for acquisitions and dispositions; carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment; asset retirement obligations; deferred income taxes; valuation of derivative financial instruments; reorganization items and liabilities subject to compromise, among others. Accordingly, our accounting estimates require the exercise of judgment by management in preparing such estimates. While we believe that the estimates and assumptions used in preparation of our consolidated financial statements are appropriate, actual results could differ from those estimates, and any such differences may be material.  

  Recent Accounting Pronouncements .  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 provides a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and will supersede most current revenue recognition guidance. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14 which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09. With the one-year deferral, ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after

10 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements    (continued) 

 December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein, using either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). We are currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements and have not yet determined the method that will be adopted.  

 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU 2014-15 ). ASU 2014-15 requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. The standard is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. Our early adoption of ASU 2014-15 during the quarter ended December 31, 2015 impacted our disclosures but had no
effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) ( ASU 2015-03 ). ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. In June 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15 as an amendment to this guidance to address the absence of authoritative guidance for debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. The SEC staff stated that they would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an
asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement.  

 The ASU is effective for public entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The guidance was applied on a retrospective basis. As a result of adopting ASU 2015-15, debt issuance costs, other than those relating to the line-of-credit arrangement are presented in our consolidated balance sheets as a reduction in the carrying amount of the related debt liability.  

 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes ( ASU 2015-17 ). ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred taxes on the balance sheet by requiring classification of all deferred tax items as noncurrent including valuation allowances by jurisdiction. ASU 2015-17 is effective for public entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of any interim or annual reporting period. Our early adoption of ASU 2015-17 during the quarter ended
December 31, 2015 had no effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows other than presentation.  

 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases ( ASU 2016-02 ), to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. To meet that objective, the FASB is amending the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and creating Topic 842, Leases. The guidance in this ASU supersedes Topic 840, Leases. The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms
longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently  

11 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements    (continued) 

 evaluating the provisions of this new standard and assessing the impact it may have on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Credit Losses, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ( ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 significantly changes how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value through net income. The standard will replace today s incurred loss approach with an expected loss model for instruments measured at amortized cost. Entities will apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the
guidance is effective. This ASU is effective for public entities for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for all entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods therein. We have not yet determined the effect of this standard on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments ( ASU 2016-15 ). The new guidance in ASU 2016-15 is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted provided that all of the amendments are adopted in the same period. The guidance requires application using a retrospective
transition method. We have not yet determined the effect of this standard on our consolidated cash flows.  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources  

  Chapter 11 Proceedings   

 On the Petition Date, the Debtors filed the Bankruptcy Petitions seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. Since then, the Debtors have operated their businesses and managed their assets as debtors-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court.  

 On April 11, 2016, the Debtors entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement (as amended, the  Restructuring Support Agreement ) with certain holders (the  Second Lien Noteholders ) of EGC s 11.0% Senior Secured Second Lien Notes due 2020 (the  Second Lien Notes ) on the ad hoc committee of Second Lien Noteholders (the  Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee ) providing that the Second Lien Noteholders party thereto will support a restructuring of the Debtors, subject to the terms and conditions of the Restructuring Support Agreement. However, the Restructuring Support Agreement contained
certain milestones for progress in the Chapter 11 Cases, including a requirement to begin the hearing to consider confirmation of the Plan (the  Confirmation Hearing ) by October 7, 2016. As the Confirmation Hearing did not begin in advance of the October 7, 2016 milestone, the Restructuring Support Agreement automatically terminated pursuant its terms on October 13, 2016 and has been superseded by the PSA by and among the Debtors and certain creditor constituencies discussed in detail below.  

 The Plan and the Disclosure Statement 

 On July 15, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered the  Order (A) Approving the Disclosure Statement and the Form and Manner of Service Related Thereto, (B) Setting Dates for the Objections Deadline and Hearing Related to Confirmation of the Plan, and (C) Granting Related Relief  [Docket No. 805], approving the adequacy of the  Third Amended Disclosure Statement   for the Debtors    Proposed Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization  [Docket No. 809] (the  Disclosure Statement ) and related solicitation materials, thereby authorizing the Debtors to solicit votes to accept or reject the  
Debtors  Proposed Joint Chapter 11 Plan of   

12 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources    (continued) 

  Reorganization  [Docket No. 810] (as may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time, the  Plan ) from applicable creditor constituencies.  

 Following approval of the Disclosure Statement, the Debtors and their advisors engaged in negotiations with various creditor constituencies in an attempt to broker a global settlement of all issues in the Chapter 11 Cases. Such a settlement was not reached, but the Debtors were able to agree on modifications to the Plan that were supported by the Second Lien Noteholders, and that, in the Debtors  view, would, among other things, improve recoveries for certain creditor classes. Following subsequent negotiations between the Debtors and the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee, on September 13, 2016, the Debtors and certain Second
Lien Noteholders entered into an amendment to the Restructuring Support Agreement, which provided, among other things, that the Debtors amend the Plan to reflect the terms of such amendment. The boards of directors of the Company, EGC and EPL, including all independent directors, approved the entry into the amendment to the Restructuring Support Agreement and the term sheet attached thereto.  

 On September 14, 2016, the Debtors filed the  Debtors  First Amended Proposed Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization  reflecting these modifications [Docket No. 1307] and on September 16, 2016, the Debtors filed the  Supplement to the Debtors  Third Amended Disclosure Statement for the Debtors  Proposed Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization  explaining these modifications [Docket No. 1340] (the  DS Supplement ). On September 25, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the DS Supplement and continued solicitation of the Plan [Docket No. 1416].  

  Mediation  

 In an effort to consensually resolve outstanding disputes among the parties in interest, representatives of (i) the Debtors, (ii) Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as administrative agent (the  First Lien Agent ) under our Second Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement (as amended, the  First Lien Credit Agreement  or the  Revolving Credit Facility ), (iii) the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee, (iv) U.S. Bank, N.A, in its capacity as the trustee under the indenture governing the Second Lien Notes (the  Second Lien Indenture Trustee ), (v) the official committee of unsecured creditors pursuant
to section 1102(a) of the Bankruptcy Code (the  Creditors  Committee ), (vi) the official committee of equity holders pursuant to section 1102(a) of the Bankruptcy Code (the  Equity Committee ), (vii) the ad hoc group of holders of unsecured notes (the  EGC Unsecured Notes ) issued by EGC (the  Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders ), (viii) Wilmington Trust, National Association as the trustee under the indenture governing the EGC Unsecured Notes (the  EGC Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee ), (ix) the ad hoc group of holders of the unsecured notes (the  EPL Unsecured Notes ) issued by EPL (the  Ad Hoc Group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders ), (x) Delaware Trust Company, as successor trustee under the indenture governing the EPL Unsecured Notes (the  EPL Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee ), and (xi) Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as successor trustee, under the indenture governing the 3.0%
senior convertible notes (the  3.0% Senior Convertible Notes ) issued by Energy XXI (the  EXXI 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes Trustee ) (collectively, (i) through (xi), the  Mediation Parties ), agreed to participate in a confidential and non-binding mediation process (the  Mediation ), as discussed on the record at a hearing before the Bankruptcy Court on September 13, 2016. On September 16, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court appointed Judge Leif Clark as the mediator pursuant to the  Order (A) Adjourning the Confirmation Hearing and Extending Related Deadlines, (B) Extending the Filing Exclusivity Period and Soliciting Exclusivity Period, and (C) Appointing a Mediator  [Docket No. 1337]. On September 27, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered the  Agreed Order in Aid of Mediation and Settlement  [Docket No. 1427] setting forth the terms of the Mediation (the  Mediation Order ).  

13 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources    (continued) 

 The meetings in the Mediation facilitated by Judge Clark began on September 28, 2016 and continued for five days. Throughout these meetings proposals were made by the various creditor groups, including the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee, the Creditors  Committee, the Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders, and the Ad Hoc Group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders, but the parties could not agree on the terms of a global settlement, and Judge Clark concluded the formal meetings of the Mediation Parties.  

 Following the conclusion of the formal meetings, the Debtors continued a dialogue with the other Mediation Parties and with Judge Clark under the Mediation Order regarding a potential global settlement, and on October 17, 2016, circulated a mediation plan term sheet (the  Plan Mediation Term Sheet ) to the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee, the Creditors  Committee, the Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders, and the Ad Hoc Group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders. Further negotiations and discussions regarding the Plan Mediation Term Sheet followed, culminating in agreement on the terms of an amended plan of
reorganization that is now memorialized in the Plan and has the support of the Plan Support Parties (as defined below).  

 The Equity Committee also made a settlement proposal to the Debtors but no agreement has been reached and as of the date hereof the Equity Committee does not support the Plan.  

  Plan Support Agreement  

 On November 14, 2016, following good-faith, arms  length negotiations, the Debtors, members of the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee, the Creditors  Committee, members of the Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders, and members of the Ad Hoc Group of EPL Noteholders entered into that certain Plan Support Agreement (the  PSA ), pursuant to which, among other things, and subject to certain limitations, the parties signatory thereto agreed to support the Plan as modified in accordance with the PSA and, subject to certain limitations, are bound to vote in favor of the Plan.  

 The Plan, as modified, is supported by the Debtors, the holders of claims arising from the Second Lien Notes (the  Second Lien Notes Claims ) who are members of the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee who have executed the PSA (the  Second Lien Plan Support Parties ), the Second Lien Notes Trustee, the Creditors  Committee, the EXXI 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes Trustee, the EGC Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee, the holders of claims arising from the EGC Unsecured Notes (the  EGC Unsecured Notes Claims ) who are members of the Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders who have executed the PSA (the
 EGC Plan Support Parties ), the EPL Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee, and the holders of claims arising from the EPL unsecured Notes (the  EPL Unsecured Notes Claims ) who are members of the Ad Hoc Group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders who have executed the PSA (the  EPL Plan Support Parties ) (collectively, and together with any such parties that may enter into the PSA in accordance with its terms, the  Plan Support Parties ).  

 The independent directors at EGC and EPL, and their respective legal counsel and financial advisor, reviewed and evaluated the PSA, as well as provided input and feedback regarding Plan modifications of which each, respectively, would be supportive. The EGC and EPL independent directors, taking all available facts and circumstances into account, ultimately determined that entry into the PSA was, and consummation of the Plan was, in the best interests of the estates of EGC and EPL, respectively, and recommended that the boards of directors of EGC and EPL approved the entry into the PSA and authorize the filing of the amended
Plan and the second supplement to the Disclosure Statement (the  Second Disclosure Statement Supplement ) to effectuate the PSA. The boards of directors, boards of managers and sole member of each of the Debtors, as applicable, also approved the entry into the PSA and authorized the filing of the amended Plan and Second Disclosure Statement Supplement to effectuate the PSA.  

14 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources    (continued) 

 Pursuant to the PSA, each of the Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the EGC Plan Support Parties and the EPL Plan Support Parties has agreed to, among other things, and subject to certain conditions: (i) take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to consummate the restructuring in accordance with the Plan, including voting any claim it holds against the Debtors to accept the Plan, (ii) not withdraw, amend or revoke its vote with respect to the Plan and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to support and not object to, delay, impede or take any other action to interfere with the restructuring as contemplated by the
Plan or propose file, support, or vote for any alternative restructuring or plan of reorganization.  

 In accordance with the PSA, the Creditors  Committee has agreed to, among other things, and subject to certain conditions: (i) take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to consummate the restructuring in accordance with the Plan, (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to support and not object to, delay, impede or take any other action to interfere with the restructuring contemplated by the Plan or propose file, support, or vote for any alternative restructuring or plan of reorganization and (iii) submit a letter recommending that unsecured creditors vote in favor of the Plan.  

 Pursuant to the PSA, each of the Debtors has agreed to, among other things, and subject to certain conditions: (i) support and make commercially reasonable efforts to complete the restructuring in accordance with the Milestones (as defined below) set forth in the Plan and the PSA, (ii) take any and all necessary and appropriate actions in furtherance of the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, the Plan and the PSA, (iii) not undertake any action inconsistent with the adoption and implementation of the Plan and the confirmation thereof, (iv) timely file a formal objection to any motion filed with the Bankruptcy Court seeking the entry of
an order (A) directing the appointment of a trustee or examiner, (B) converting the Chapter 11 Cases into cases under chapter 7 of the Chapter 11 Cases or (C) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases and (v) timely file a formal objection to any motion filed with the Bankruptcy Court seeking the entry of an order modifying or terminating the Debtors  exclusive right to file and/or solicit acceptances of a plan of reorganization. The Debtors may receive (but not solicit) proposals or offers for any chapter 11 plan or restructuring transaction from other parties and discuss such alternative transactions received; provided, however, the Debtors must provide a copy of any written offer or proposal (and notice of all terms of any oral offer or proposal) to the legal and financial advisors of each of the Plan Support Parties.  

 Additionally, in accordance with the PSA, the Debtors agreed to implement the restructuring transactions contemplated by the PSA on the following timeline (the  Milestones ):  

no later than December 15, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court will have commenced the Confirmation Hearing; 

no later than December 31, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court will have entered the order confirming the Plan (the  Confirmation Order  and  

no later than January 31, 2017, the date that Debtors will consummate the transactions contemplated by the Plan (the date of such consummation, the  Effective Date ) will have occurred. 

The PSA is terminable by the Second Lien Plan Support Parties who hold, in the aggregate, at least 66.6% in principal amount outstanding of the Second Lien Notes Claims held by the Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the Creditors  Committee, the EGC Plan Support Parties who hold, in the aggregate, at least 66.6% in principal amount outstanding of the EGC Unsecured Notes Claims held by the EGC Plan Support Parties and the EPL Plan Support Parties who hold, in the aggregate, at least 66.6% in principal amount outstanding of the EPL Unsecured Notes Claims held by the EPL Plan Support Parties upon the occurrence of certain
termination events, which include but are not limited to (i) the failure of the Debtors to meet any of the Milestones; (ii) the conversion of one or more of the Chapter 11 Cases to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, (iii) any Debtor (a) filing, amending or modifying, or filing a pleading seeking authority to  

15 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources    (continued) 

 amend or modify, the definitive documentation in connection with the restructuring contemplated by the PSA in a manner that is inconsistent with the PSA, the Plan, or the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, (b) revoking the restructuring transactions in accordance with the PSA without prior consent or (c) publicly announces its intention to take such acts, (iv) a material breach by any Debtor or the Creditors  Committee of any representation, warranty or covenant in the PSA that could reasonably be expected to impair the economic treatment provided under the Plan Mediation Term Sheet and (v) any board, director, officer, or manager
(or party with authority to act) of a Debtor (or the Debtors themselves) taking any action in furtherance of the rights available to it that are inconsistent with the restructuring as contemplated by the Plan Mediation Term Sheet.  

 The PSA is terminable by Debtors upon the occurrence of certain termination events, which include but are not limited to (i) a material breach by a Plan Support Party of any representation, warranty or covenant set forth in the PSA that could reasonably be expected to prevent confirmation of the Plan in accordance with the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, (ii) upon notice to the Plan Support Parties, if the board of directors or board of managers, as applicable, of a Debtor determines, after receiving advice from counsel, that proceeding with the restructuring contemplated by the Plan would be inconsistent with the exercise of its
fiduciary duties or (iii) the issuance by any governmental authority, including the Bankruptcy Court, any regulatory authority, or any other court of competent jurisdiction, of any ruling or order that could reasonably be expected to prevent confirmation of the Plan in accordance with the Plan Mediation Term Sheet;  provided, however,  that the Debtors have made commercially reasonable, good faith efforts to cure, vacate, or have overruled such ruling or order prior to terminating the PSA. Additionally, the individual creditor parties to the PSA may terminate the PSA as to themselves under certain conditions.  

  The Plan and the Second Disclosure Statement Supplement   

 The key modifications to the Plan under the PSA include: 

An increase of the distribution to the general unsecured claims against the Debtors from $850,000 to $1,470,000, resulting in an increase in the estimated percentage recoveries for holders of such general unsecured claims from approximately 4.3% to approximately 7.5%. 

The elimination of the trust structure (the  EGC Intercompany Note Trust ) previously proposed to resolve certain intercompany causes of action. All disputes that were formerly placed in the EGC Intercompany Note Trust are now to be settled pursuant to the Plan. 

A certain recovery, not subject to the litigation risk of the outcome of the EGC Intercompany Note Trust, for holders of the EGC Unsecured Notes Claims and holders of the EPL Unsecured Notes Claims.  

Each holder of an EGC Unsecured Notes Claim (other than EGC) will receive under the Plan such holder s  pro rata  share of (i) 12% of the common stock (the  New Equity ) in the new parent company of the reorganized EGC (the  New Entity ) subject to dilution by the long-term management incentive plan for the reorganized Debtors (the  Management Incentive Plan ) and the New Warrant Package (as defined below) and (ii) the EGC New Warrant Package (as defined below). EGC will receive no distribution on account of the approximately $471 million face value of EGC Unsecured Notes Claims asserted by EGC.  

Each holder of an EPL Unsecured Notes Claim (other than EGC) will receive such holder s  pro rata  share of (i) 4% of the New Equity, subject to dilution by the Management Incentive Plan and the New Warrant Package, and (ii) the EPL New Warrant Package (as defined below). EGC will receive no distribution on account of the approximately $267 million face value of EPL Unsecured Notes Claims asserted by EGC.  

16 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources    (continued) 

A warrant package to (i) the holders of EGC Unsecured Notes Claims consisting of warrants equal to an aggregate of 3.6% of the New Equity, subject to dilution from the Management Incentive Plan, with a maturity of 5 years and an equity strike price equal to $1,450 million (the  EGC New Warrant Package ) and (ii) a warrant package equal to an aggregate of 2.4% of the New Equity, subject to dilution from the Management Incentive Plan, with a maturity of 5 years and an equity strike price equal to $1,450 million (the  EPL New Warrant Package  and together with the EGC New Warrant Package, the  New Warrant Package ). 

A cash recovery to holders of the claims arising from 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes (the  3.0% Senior Convertible Notes Claims ) and a corresponding increase in the estimated percentage recoveries for holders of the 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes Claims to approximately 0.5%. 

Each holder of claims arising under the First Lien Credit Agreement (a  First Lien Claim ) will receive such holder s pro rata share of the reorganized Debtors  obligations under new exit financing (the  Exit Facility ), having already received a pro rata share of the approximately $30.1 million of restricted cash maintained by the Company. 

Settlement of key issues raised (solely for purposes of effectuating this settlement) by parties in interest pursuant to sections 363 and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 9019 of certain potential intercompany causes of action, claims and challenges.  

Provision for the payment of up to approximately $22.53 million of certain fees of legal, financial, and management advisor and industry consultant professionals supporting the Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders and the Ad Hoc Group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders. 

As amended, the Plan still provides, among other things, that: 

The dissolution of Energy XXI Ltd will be completed under the laws of Bermuda following the confirmation of the Plan by the Bankruptcy Court, and, given that it is unlikely to have assets available for distribution, existing equity holders would not receive any distributions in respect of that equity in that dissolution. 

The Management Incentive Plan will be capped at 5%; and 

John D. Schiller, Jr. will serve as the New Entity s Chief Executive Officer and a member of its board of directors.  

On November 14, 2016, the Debtors filed an  Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (A) Approving the Adequacy of the Second Supplement to the Debtors  Third Amended Disclosure Statement Setting Forth Modifications to the Debtors  Proposed Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization and the Continued Solicitation of the Plan and (B) Granting Related Relief  (such motion, the  Second Disclosure Statement Supplement Motion ). A hearing on the Second Disclosure Statement Supplement Motion is scheduled for November 14, 2016 at which the Debtors will ask the Bankruptcy Court to enter an order approving the
Second Disclosure Statement Supplement and approving further solicitation of the Plan. 

 The Debtors have filed a scheduling order (the  Scheduling Order ) proposing to hold the Confirmation Hearing on December 8, 2016, but this date may change depending upon the outcome of, among other things, the developments in the Chapter 11 Cases.  

17 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources    (continued) 

 Reorganization Process  

 On the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court issued certain additional interim and final orders with respect to the Debtors  first-day motions and other operating motions that allow the Debtors to operate their businesses in the ordinary course. The first-day motions provided for, among other things, the payment of certain pre-petition employee and retiree expenses and benefits, the use of the Debtors' existing cash management system, the payment of certain pre-petition amounts to certain critical vendors, the ability to pay certain pre-petition taxes and regulatory fees, and the payment of certain pre-petition claims owed
on account of insurance policies and programs.  

 Subject to certain exceptions under the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions automatically enjoined, or stayed, the continuation of any judicial or administrative proceedings or other actions against the Debtors or their property to recover, collect or secure a pre-petition claim. Thus, for example, most creditor actions to obtain possession of property from the Debtors, or to create, perfect or enforce any lien against the Debtors' property, or to collect on monies owed or otherwise exercise rights or remedies with respect to a pre-petition claim are enjoined unless and until the Bankruptcy Court lifts the
automatic stay under Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code.  

 Under Section 365 and other relevant sections of the Bankruptcy Code, the Debtors may assume, assume and assign, or reject certain executory contracts and unexpired leases, including leases of real property and equipment, subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court and certain other conditions. The rejection of an executory contract or unexpired lease is generally treated as a pre-petition breach of such executory contract or unexpired lease and, subject to certain exceptions, relieves Debtors of performing their future obligations under such executory contract or unexpired lease but may give rise to a pre-petition general
unsecured claim for damages caused by such deemed breach. On July 8, 2016, the Debtors filed a motion for an order to extend time to assume or reject unexpired leases of nonresidential real property from August 15, 2016 through and including November 14, 2016 (the  Motion to Extend Time to Assume or Reject Unexpired Leases ). On July 27, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Motion to Extend Time to Assume or Reject Unexpired Leases. On July 26, 2016, the Debtors filed a motion to reject executory contracts, for certain contracts contained therein. On August 23, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court granted the Debtors  motion in the  Order (A) Authorizing the Debtors to Reject Certain Executory Contracts Effective Nunc Pro Tunc to July 26, 2016, and (B) Granting Related Relief  [Docket No. 1133].  

 A Chapter 11 plan (including the Plan) determines the rights and satisfaction of claims and interests of various creditors and security holders and is subject to the ultimate outcome of negotiations and the Bankruptcy Court's decisions through the date on which a Chapter 11 plan (including the Plan) is confirmed. The Plan currently provides mechanisms for settlement of the Debtors' pre-petition obligations, changes to certain operational cost drivers, treatment of our existing equity holders, potential income tax liabilities and certain corporate governance and administrative matters pertaining to the reorganized New Entity.
The Plan remains subject to revision based upon discussions with the Plan Support Parties, and thereafter in response to any Plan objections and the requirements of the Bankruptcy Code or the Bankruptcy Court. There can be no assurance that the Debtors will be able to secure Bankruptcy Court approval of the Plan or any other Chapter 11 plan or that the Plan or any other Chapter 11 plan will be accepted by the classes of creditors entitled to vote thereon.  

 Under the Bankruptcy Code, unless creditors agree otherwise, pre-petition liabilities and post-petition liabilities must be satisfied in full before stockholders are entitled to receive any distribution or retain any property under a Chapter 11 plan (including the Plan). The ultimate recovery to creditors and/or stockholders, if any, will not be determined until confirmation of a Chapter 11 plan (including the Plan). No assurance can be given as to what values, if any, will be ascribed to each of these constituencies or what types or amounts  

18 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources    (continued) 

 of distributions, if any, they would receive. A Chapter 11 plan (including the Plan) could result in holders of certain liabilities and/or securities, including common stock, receiving no distribution on account of their interests. Because of such possibilities, there is significant uncertainty regarding the value of our liabilities and securities, including our common stock. At this time, there is no assurance we will be able to restructure as a going concern or successfully propose or implement a Chapter 11 plan (including the Plan).  

 We filed the Disclosure Statement, Plan, and a motion seeking, among other things, (i) approval of the Disclosure Statement, (ii) approval of procedures for soliciting, receiving, and tabulating votes on the Plan and for filing objections to the Plan, and (iii) to schedule the Confirmation Hearing on May 20, 2016. Subsequently, we filed amended versions of the Disclosure Statement and Plan on June 14, 2016, July 13, 2016, September 14, 2016, September 23, 2016 and again on November 14, 2016. The amendments reflected, among other things, substantial additional disclosures requested by certain creditor constituencies. The
amendments also reflected changes to the proposed treatment of certain classes under the Plan.  

 The Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Disclosure Statement with respect to the Plan on July 15, 2016, and we filed a solicitation version of the Disclosure Statement on July 18, 2016. Under the Bankruptcy Code, only holders of claims or interests in  impaired  classes, as defined under section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code, are entitled to vote on a plan. Ballots to vote to accept or reject the plan were distributed to creditors entitled to vote on the plan between July 22, 2016 and July 25, 2016. On September 22, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court held a hearing to consider the adequacy of the DS Supplement. The
Bankruptcy Court approved the DS Supplement on September 25, 2016. The Bankruptcy Court will hold an additional hearing on the adequacy of the Second Disclosure Statement Supplement, which reflects the terms of the Plan as amended pursuant to the PSA. The Debtors will distribute the Second Disclosure Statement Supplement and related solicitation materials to creditors entitled to vote on the Plan, to enable creditors to vote on the Plan as amended. The Debtors have proposed in their Scheduling Order that the deadline to submit a vote to accept or reject the Plan be December 2, 2016 at 4:00 P.M., central time and that the Confirmation Hearing be scheduled for December 8, 2016 before the Bankruptcy Court, but these dates may change depending upon the outcome of, among other things, the developments in the Chapter 11 Cases.  

 Even if our Plan meets other requirements under the Bankruptcy Code, creditors may not vote in favor of our Plan, and certain parties in interest may file objections to the Plan in an effort to persuade the Bankruptcy Court that we have not satisfied the confirmation requirements under section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code. Further, even if no objections are filed and the requisite acceptances of our Plan are received from creditors entitled to vote on the Plan, the Bankruptcy Court, which can exercise substantial discretion, may not confirm the Plan.  

19 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources    (continued) 

 Liabilities Subject to Compromise  

 Liabilities subject to compromise represent liabilities incurred prior to the commencement of the bankruptcy proceedings which may be affected by the Chapter 11 process. These amounts represent the Company s allowed claims and its best estimate of claims expected to be allowed which will be resolved as part of the bankruptcy proceedings. Such claims remain subject to future adjustments. Adjustments may result from negotiations, actions of the Bankruptcy Court, determination as to the value of any collateral securing claims, or other events. Differences between liability amounts estimated by the Company and claims filed by
creditors are being investigated and the Bankruptcy Court will make a final determination of the allowable claims. Liabilities subject to compromise consist of the following (certain intercompany liabilities as well as EGC s 9.25% Senior Notes due 2017 (the  9.25% Senior Notes ) and EPL s 8.25% Senior Notes due 2018 (the  8.25% Senior Notes ), that were repurchased and held by EGC, which will also be resolved as part of the Chapter 11 Cases, are not reflected below) ( in thousands ):  

Interest Expense  

 The Debtors have discontinued recording interest on debt classified as liabilities subject to compromise on the Petition Date. Contractual interest on liabilities subject to compromise not reflected in the consolidated statements of operations was approximately $61.7 million, representing interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

 Executory Contracts  

 Under the Bankruptcy Code, the Debtors have the right to assume, amend and assume, or reject certain contracts, subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court and certain other conditions. Generally, the assumption of a contract requires a debtor to satisfy pre-petition obligations under the contract, which may include payment of pre-petition liabilities in whole or in part. Rejection of a contract is typically treated as a breach occurring as of the moment immediately preceding the Chapter 11 filing. Subject to certain exceptions, this rejection relieves the debtor from performing its future obligations under the contract
but entitles the counterparty to assert a pre-petition general unsecured claim for damages. Parties to contracts rejected by a debtor may file proofs of claim against that debtor s estate for damages.  

20 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources    (continued) 

 On May 28, 2016, the Debtors filed a supplement to the Plan, which included a schedule of assumed contracts and a schedule of rejected contracts, and since then have filed amended plan supplements and additional motions with respect to assumed and rejected contracts. The Debtors continue to review and analyze their contractual obligations to move contracts from the schedule of assumed contracts to the schedule of rejected contracts or from the schedule of rejected contracts to the schedule of amended contracts.  

 Potential Claims  

 The Debtors have filed with the Bankruptcy Court schedules and statements setting forth, among other things, the assets and liabilities of the Debtors, subject to the assumptions filed in connection therewith. The schedules and statements may be subject to further amendment or modification after filing.  

 Certain holders of pre-petition claims are required to file proofs of claim by a certain date. As of November 4, 2016, 1,653 claims totaling approximately $43,356 million had been filed with the Bankruptcy Court against the Debtors. It is possible that claimants will file amended claims in the future, including claims amended to assign values to claims originally filed with no designated value. Through the claims resolution process, we have identified, and we expect to continue to identify, claims that we believe should be disallowed by the Bankruptcy Court because they are duplicative, have been later amended or superseded,
are without merit, are overstated or for other reasons. We will file objections with the Bankruptcy Court as necessary for claims we believe should be disallowed. Claims we believe are allowable are reflected in  Liabilities Subject to Compromise  in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  

 Through the claims resolution process, differences in amounts scheduled by the Debtors and claims filed by creditors will be investigated and resolved, including through the filing of objections with the Bankruptcy Court where appropriate. In light of the number of claims filed, the claims resolution process will take additional time to complete, and it may continue after our emergence from bankruptcy. Accordingly, the ultimate number and amount of allowed claims is not presently known, nor can the ultimate recovery with respect to allowed claims be presently ascertained.  

 Reorganization Items  

 Reorganization items represent the direct and incremental costs of being in bankruptcy, such as professional fees. Reorganization items consist of the following for the three months ended September 30, 2016  (in thousands) :  

21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources    (continued) 

 Debtors Condensed Combined Financial Statements  

 Condensed combined financial statements of the Debtors are set forth below. These condensed combined financial statements exclude the financial statements of the Non-Debtors. Transactions and balances of receivables and payables between Debtors are eliminated in consolidation. However, the Debtors  condensed combined balance sheet includes receivables from related Non-Debtors and payables to related Non-Debtors.  

 CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEETS  (In Thousands)  

CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  (In Thousands)  

22 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources    (continued) 

 CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  (In Thousands)  

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

 As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $215.7 million and no available borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2016, the total carrying value of our indebtedness was $2,864.2 million and was currently due as a result of filing the Bankruptcy Petitions which constituted an event of default with respect to our existing debt obligations. Our indebtedness was comprised of $100.3 million of secured indebtedness outstanding consisting of $99.4 million of principal under our Revolving Credit Facility and $0.9 million of payment  in-kind 
( PIK ) interest under Exit Facility Term Sheet with the lenders under First Lien Credit Agreement (the  Exit Facility Term Sheet ), $1,450 million of Second Lien Notes, $4.6 million in other secured indebtedness and $1,309.3 million of unsecured notes.  

 Subject to certain exceptions under the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions automatically enjoined, or stayed, the continuation of any judicial or administrative proceedings or other actions against the Debtors or their property to recover, collect or secure a claim arising prior to the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions. Thus, for example, most creditor actions to obtain possession of property from the Debtors, or to create, perfect or enforce any lien against the Debtors' property, or to collect on monies owed or otherwise exercise rights or remedies with respect to a pre-petition claim are enjoined
unless and until the Bankruptcy Court lifts the automatic stay.  

 The Bankruptcy Court has approved payment of certain pre-petition obligations, including payments for employee wages, salaries and certain other benefits, customer programs, taxes, utilities, insurance, surety bond premiums as well as payments to critical vendors and possessory lien vendors. Despite the liquidity provided by our existing cash on hand, our ability to maintain normal credit terms with our suppliers may become impaired. We may be required to pay cash in advance to certain vendors and may experience restrictions on the availability of trade credit, which would further reduce our liquidity. If liquidity problems
persist, our suppliers could refuse to provide key products and services in the future. In addition, due to the public perception of our financial condition and results of operations, in particular with regard to our potential failure to meet our debt obligations, some vendors could be reluctant to enter into long-term agreements with us.  

 Although we have lowered our capital budget and reduced the scale of our operations significantly, our business remains capital intensive. In addition to the cash requirements necessary to fund ongoing operations, we have incurred significant professional fees in connection with our Chapter 11 Cases as disclosed in the table under the caption  Reorganization Items  above and expect that we will continue to incur significant professional fees and costs throughout our Chapter 11 proceedings. The Company believes it has sufficient liquidity, including its cash on hand as of September 30, 2016 and funds generated from ongoing
operations, to fund anticipated cash requirements through the Chapter 11 proceedings for minimum operating and capital  

23 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources    (continued) 

 expenditures and for working capital purposes and excluding principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt. As such, the Company expects to pay vendor, royalty and surety obligations on a go-forward basis according to the terms of our current contracts and consistent with applicable court orders approving such payments. The Company does not intend to seek debtor-in-possession financing at this time.  

 As contemplated by the Exit Facility Term Sheet with the Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, which is subject to change and to be considered in connection with Plan confirmation, we anticipate that the New Entity will enter into new exit financing (the  Exit Facility ) comprised of the following tranches: (i) conversion of the remaining drawn amount, net of related restricted cash, of approximately $69 million plus accrued default interest into a new term loan (the  Exit Term Loan ) with the New Entity and (ii) the conversion of the former EGC tranche of the Revolving Credit Facility into a new EGC
sub-facility (the  EGC Facility ). The Exit Term Loan will have a maturity of three years with an annual interest rate of LIBOR plus 4.5%, payable monthly. The EGC Facility will have a maturity of three years with an annual interest rate of 4.5%, payable on a schedule consistent with the Revolving Credit Facility. Existing letters of credit may be renewed or replaced (in each case, in an outstanding amount not to exceed the outstanding amount of the existing letter of credit). Availability under the Exit Facility will be permanently reduced by one-half of the amount of any reduction resulting from replacement or cancellation of an outstanding letter of credit. Any amount of cancellation or reduction that does not permanently reduce capacity will be available for the New Entity to fund new liquidity (the  New Funded Debt ). Such New Funded Debt in excess of $25 million will be subject to borrowing base redetermination. Pursuant to the Exit Facility, the New Entity
and its subsidiaries will be subject to certain financial maintenance covenants and, in the case of the Exit Term Loan, amortization covenants.  

 In addition, upon emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases, we will be required under the Exit Facility to have liquidity of at least $90 million per the Exit Facility Term Sheet with the Lenders under our First Lien Credit Agreement (the  Minimum Cash Balance ). While we expect the Exit Facility and Minimum Cash Balance described above to be available under the Plan, we may not be able to access adequate funding in the future as there will be no remaining available borrowing capacity contemplated under the Exit Facility, and there is no certainty that any new capacity will be created or that the Exit Facility may be
refinanced on economically advantageous terms, and the Minimum Cash Balance and cash from operations may not be sufficient to otherwise fund our operations.  

 We believe that our capital resources from existing cash balances, borrowings under any new capacity created under our Exit Facility, and anticipated cash flow from operating activities will be adequate to execute our corporate strategies.  

 Given the current level of volatility in the market and the unpredictability of certain costs that could potentially arise in our operations, our liquidity needs could be significantly higher than we currently anticipate. Our ability to maintain adequate liquidity through the reorganization process and beyond depends on our ability to successfully implement the Plan (or another Chapter 11 plan), successful operation of our business, and appropriate management of operating expenses and capital spending. Our anticipated liquidity needs are highly sensitive to changes in each of these and other factors. If we are unable to meet
our liquidity needs, we may have to take other actions to seek additional financing to the extent available or we could be forced to consider other alternatives to maximize potential recovery for the creditors, including possible sale of the Company or certain material assets pursuant to Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, or a liquidation under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code.  

 The Bankruptcy Court has entered a final order approving the Debtors  use of cash collateral subject to the terms and conditions of such order, and the cash collateral budget, to use cash collateral for a certain period from the Petition Date and the Debtors have agreed to pursue the confirmation and implementation of  

24 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 3   Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources    (continued) 

 the Plan within that certain period. The Debtors  use of cash collateral is critical to their ability to operate during the course of the Chapter 11 Cases, to remain current on their post-petition operating costs, to pursue a reorganization pursuant to the Plan and to emerge successfully as a going concern from the Chapter 11 Cases.  

 Note 4   Acquisitions  

 Acquisition of interest in M21K  

 On August 11, 2015, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement (the  M21K Purchase Agreement ) between Energy XXI M21K, LLC ( EXXI M21K ), in which we owned 20% interest, and Energy XXI GOM, LLC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Energy XXI, we acquired all of the remaining equity interests of M21K, LLC ( M21K ) for consideration consisting of the assumption of all obligations and liabilities of M21K including approximately $25.2 million associated with M21K s first lien credit facility, which was required to be paid at closing (the  M21K Acquisition ). The sellers retained certain
overriding royalty interests applicable only to the extent that production proceeds during any calendar month average in excess of $65.00/Bbl WTI and $3.50/MMbtu Henry Hub and limited to a term of four years or an aggregate amount of $20 million, whichever occurs earlier. In addition, with respect to the Eugene Island 330 and South Marsh Island 128 fields, in the event we sell our interest in one or both of these fields, the overriding royalty interests with respect to such sold field shall terminate; provided, however if such sale occurs within four years of the effective date of the M21K Purchase Agreement and the consideration received for such sale is greater than the allocated value for such field as specified in the M21K Purchase Agreement, then we are obligated to pay an amount equal to 20% of the portion of the consideration received in excess of the specified allocated value of such field. Prior to this transaction which was effective as of August 1, 2015, we had owned a 20%
interest in M21K through our investment in EXXI M21K. See Note 6   Equity Method Investments.  

 The following table presents the final purchase price allocation to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on their estimated fair values on August 11, 2015 ( in thousands ):  

* 

           Net working capital includes approximately $1.0 million in cash. 

We have accounted for our acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting, and therefore, we have estimated the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of their respective acquisition dates. In the estimation of fair values of evaluated and unevaluated oil and natural gas properties and asset retirement obligations for the above acquisition, management used valuation techniques that convert future cash flows to single discounted amounts. Inputs to the valuation of oil and natural gas properties include estimates of: (i) oil and natural gas reserves; (ii) future operating and development costs; (iii)
future oil and natural gas prices; and (iv) a discount factor used to calculate the discounted cash flow amount. Inputs into the valuation of the asset retirement obligations include estimates of: (i) plugging and abandonment costs per well and related facilities; (ii) remaining life per well and facilities; (iii) an inflation factor; and (iv) a credit adjusted risk-free interest rate. Fair value is based on subjective estimates and assumptions, which are inherently subject to significant uncertainties which are beyond our control. These assumptions represent Level 3 inputs, as further discussed in Note 17    Fair Value of Financial Instruments .  

25 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 5   Property and Equipment  

 Property and equipment consists of the following ( in thousands ):  

Under the full cost method of accounting at the end of each financial reporting period, we compare the present value of estimated future net cash flows from proved reserves (computed using the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month historical price, net of applicable differentials, for each month within the previous 12-month period discounted at 10%, plus the lower of cost or fair market value of unproved properties and excluding cash flows related to estimated abandonment costs associated with developed properties) to the net full cost pool of oil and natural gas properties, net of related deferred income
taxes. We refer to this comparison as a  ceiling test.  If the net capitalized costs of these oil and natural gas properties exceed the estimated discounted future net cash flows, we are required to write-down the value of our oil and natural gas properties to the amount of the discounted cash flows. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, our ceiling test computation resulted in impairment of our oil and natural gas properties totaling $86.8 million. If the current low commodity price environment or downward trend in oil and natural gas prices continues, we may incur further impairment to our full cost pool in fiscal 2017 based on the average oil and natural gas price calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the previous 12-month period under the SEC pricing methodology. As of September 30, 2016, we had no proved undeveloped reserves within the proved reserve category. 

 Note 6   Equity Method Investments 

 Prior to the M21K Acquisition on August 11, 2015 discussed previously in Note 4   Acquisitions, we owned a 20% interest in EXXI M21K which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and operation of oil and natural gas properties offshore in the Gulf of Mexico, through its wholly owned subsidiary, M21K. EGC received a management fee from M21K for providing administrative assistance in carrying out its operations. We also provided a guarantee related to the payment of asset retirement obligations and other liabilities of M21K. EXXI M21K was a guarantor of a $100 million first lien credit facility
agreement entered into by M21K, which had a $40 million borrowing base and under which $28.0 million in loans and $1.2 million in letters of credit were outstanding as of June 30, 2015. At June 30, 2015, M21K was in default due to a breach of certain covenants under this agreement. On August 11, 2015, we acquired all of the equity interests of M21K and repaid the outstanding balance under the M21K credit facility. See Note 4   Acquisitions and Note 13   Related Party Transactions. 

 We recorded an equity loss of $10.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

26 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 7   Long-Term Debt  

 Long-term debt consists of the following ( in thousands ):  

During the year ended June 30, 2016, we repurchased certain of our unsecured notes in aggregate principal amounts as follows: $506.0 million of 6.875% Senior Notes due 2024 (the  6.875% Senior Notes ), $261.9 million of 7.5% Senior Notes due 2021(the  7.5% Senior Notes ), $148.9 million of 7.75% Senior Notes due 2019 (the  7.75% Senior Notes ), $296.3 million of 8.25% Senior Notes due 2018 (the  8.25% Senior Notes ) and $500.6 million of 9.25% Senior Notes due 2017 (the  9.25% Senior Notes ). We repurchased these notes in open market transactions at a total cost of
approximately $215.9 million excluding accrued interest, and we recorded a gain on the repurchases totaling approximately $1,492.4 million, net of associated debt issuance costs and certain other expenses.  

 All of the repurchased notes, except for the 8.25% Senior Notes with face value of $266.6 million and 9.25% Senior Notes with face value of $471.1 million which both continue to be held by EGC, repurchased in February 2016, were cancelled. In addition, in March 2016 certain bondholders holding $37 million in face value of our 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes requested a conversion of their notes into common stock. Upon conversion, we recorded a gain of approximately $33.2 million after proportionate adjustment to the related debt issue costs, accrued interest and original debt issue discount.  

 As a result of the covenant violations that existed at March 31, 2016 that were not cured prior to the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions, EGC s pre-petition secured indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facility and Second Lien Notes, Energy XXI Ltd s pre-petition unsecured indebtedness under the 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes, EGC s pre-petition unsecured indebtedness under the 6.875% Senior Notes, the 7.5% Senior Notes, the 7.75% Senior Notes and the 9.25% Senior Notes and EPL s pre-petition unsecured indebtedness under the 8.25% Senior Notes became immediately due and payable and any efforts to enforce
such payment obligations are automatically stayed as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases. Accordingly, all of our outstanding indebtedness was classified as current in the consolidated balance sheet and we accelerated the amortization of the associated debt premium and original issue discount, fully amortizing those amounts as of March 31, 2016. In addition, except for amounts related to the Revolving Credit Facility, we accelerated the amortization of the remaining debt issuance costs related to our outstanding indebtedness, fully amortizing those costs as of March 31, 2016. The First Lien Agent supports the Plan, as modified. Accordingly, we have not accelerated the amortization of remaining debt issue costs related to the Revolving Credit Facility. We  

27 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 7   Long-Term Debt    (continued) 

 continue to accrue interest on the Revolving Credit Facility subsequent to the Petition Date since we anticipate such interest will be allowed by the Bankruptcy Court to be paid to the Lenders. However, for all of our other indebtedness, in accordance with ASC 852,  Reorganizations , we have accrued interest only up to the Petition Date. Contractual interest on liabilities subject to compromise not reflected in the consolidated statements of operations was approximately $61.7 million, representing interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

 The Debtors filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions on the Petition Date constituted an event of default under the indenture governing EGC s secured indebtedness and EGC s, Energy XXI s and EPL s unsecured indebtedness and accelerated the indebtedness thereunder. However, even if our Plan meets other requirements under the Bankruptcy Code, creditors may not vote in favor of our Plan, and certain parties in interest may file objections to the Plan in an effort to persuade the Bankruptcy Court that we have not satisfied the confirmation requirements under section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code. Further, even if no
objections are filed and the requisite acceptances of our Plan are received from creditors entitled to vote on the Plan, the Bankruptcy Court, which can exercise substantial discretion, may not confirm the Plan. However, even if our Plan meets other requirements under the Bankruptcy Code, creditors may not vote in favor of our Plan, and certain parties in interest may file objections to the Plan in an effort to persuade the Bankruptcy Court that we have not satisfied the confirmation requirements under section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code. Further, even if no objections are filed and the requisite acceptances of our Plan are received from creditors entitled to vote on the Plan, the Bankruptcy Court, which can exercise substantial discretion, may not confirm the Plan.  

 Additional information regarding the Chapter 11 proceedings is included in Note 3    Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources.   

 Revolving Credit Facility  

 The Revolving Credit Facility was entered into by EGC in May 2011. The Revolving Credit Facility, as amended, had a maximum facility amount and borrowing base of $327.2 million as of September 30, 2016, of which such amount $99.4 million is the borrowing base under the sub-facility established for EPL. Borrowings under our First Lien Credit Agreement are limited to a borrowing base based on oil and natural gas reserve values, which are redetermined on a periodic basis. The scheduled date of maturity of the First Lien Credit Agreement is April 9, 2018.  

 The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by mortgages on at least 90% of the value of EGC and its subsidiaries  (other than EPL and its subsidiaries until they become guarantors of the EGC indebtedness under the First Lien Credit Agreement) proved reserves and proved developed producing reserves, but with the threshold for such properties of EPL and its subsidiaries (until they become guarantors of the EGC indebtedness under the First Lien Credit Agreement) at 85%.  

 The Company s election to not make an interest payment on EPL s 8.25% Senior Notes due on February 16, 2016 commenced a 30-day grace period, although such an election did not constitute an event of default under the indenture governing the 8.25% Senior Notes or any other debt instruments; however, under the Revolving Credit Facility agreement, the missed payment constituted a default under which no portion of the outstanding principal amount may be continued as a London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ), plus applicable margins ranging from 2.75% to 3.75% rate loan. Accordingly, on February 25, 2016, all the
outstanding principal amounts was subjected to an alternate base rate based on the federal funds effective rate plus applicable margins ranging from 1.75% to 2.75%. The applicable commitment fee under the facility is 0.50%. As a result of the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions, the highest of the margins currently applies and default interest is accruing under the facility through an additional 2.00% PIK interest. PIK interest totaling $0.9 million was accrued from the Petition Date through September 30, 2016.  

28 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 7   Long-Term Debt    (continued) 

 As of September 30, 2016, we had $99.4 million in borrowings excluding $0.9 million of PIK interest and $227.8 million in letters of credit issued under the First Lien Credit Agreement.  

 Following the modification to the cash collateral order, which was approved by the Bankruptcy Court on October 24, 2016, approximately $30.1 million of restricted cash maintained by us related to our First Lien Credit Agreement was withdrawn on October 25, 2016 and applied to permanently reduce the amount outstanding under our First Lien Credit Agreement to $69.3 million, thereby resulting in a further reduction to the maximum facility amount and borrowing base to $297.1 million.  

 11.0% Senior Secured Second Lien Notes Due 2020  

 On March 12, 2015, EGC issued $1,450 million in aggregate principal amount of 11.0% senior secured second lien notes due March 15, 2020 pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) by and among EGC, Energy XXI Ltd, Energy XXI USA, Inc. ( EXXI USA ) and certain of EGC s wholly owned subsidiaries (together with Energy XXI Ltd and EXXI USA, the  Guarantors ), and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and Imperial Capital, LLC, as representatives of the initial purchasers named therein (the  Initial Purchasers ).
EGC received net proceeds of approximately $1,355 million in the offering after deducting the Initial Purchasers  discount and direct offering costs. The Second Lien Notes were sold to investors at a price of 96.313% of principal, for a yield to maturity at issuance of 12.0%. The Second Lien Notes were offered and sold in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) and were resold to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A of the Securities Act. The Second Lien Notes and the related guarantees have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. The Second Lien Notes bear interest from the date of their issuance at an annual rate of 11.0% with interest due semi-annually, in arrears, on March 15 th  and September 15 th , beginning September 15, 2015. EGC incurred underwriting and direct offering
costs of $41.7 million which were recorded as debt issuance costs.  

 The Second Lien Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated March 12, 2015 (the  2015 Indenture ), among EGC, the Guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The Second Lien Notes are secured by second-priority liens on substantially all of EGC and its subsidiary guarantors  assets and all of EXXI USA s equity interests in EGC, in each case to the extent such assets secure our Revolving Credit Facility. The liens securing the Second Lien Notes and the related guarantees are contractually subordinated to the liens on such assets securing our Revolving Credit Facility and any other
priority lien debt, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such obligations, pursuant to the terms of an intercreditor agreement, and to certain other secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets subject to the liens securing such indebtedness.  

 The Second Lien Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior basis by the Guarantors and by certain of EGC s future subsidiaries, except that a guarantor can be automatically released and relieved of its obligations under certain customary circumstances contained in the 2015 Indenture. Although the Second Lien Notes are guaranteed by Energy XXI Ltd and EXXI USA, Energy XXI Ltd and EXXI USA will not, subject to certain exceptions, be subject to the restrictive covenants in the 2015 Indenture.  

 The 2015 Indenture restricts EGC s ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to: (i) transfer or sell assets; (ii) make loans or investments; (iii) pay dividends, redeem subordinated indebtedness or make other restricted payments; (iv) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue disqualified capital stock; (v) create or incur certain liens; (vi) incur dividend or other payment restrictions affecting certain subsidiaries; (vii) consummate a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of EGC s assets; (viii) enter into transactions with affiliates; and (ix) engage in business other
than the oil and gas business. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications.  

29 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 7   Long-Term Debt    (continued) 

 8.25% Senior Notes Due 2018  

 On June 3, 2014, EGC assumed the 8.25% Senior Notes in the EPL Acquisition which consist of $510 million in aggregate principal amount issued under an indenture dated as of February 14, 2011 (the  2011 Indenture ). The 8.25% Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on an unsecured senior basis initially by each of EPL s existing direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries. The 8.25% Senior Notes will mature on February 15, 2018. On April 18, 2014, EPL entered into a supplemental indenture (the  Supplemental Indenture ) to the 2011 Indenture, by and among EPL, the
guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, governing EPL s 8.25% Senior Notes. The Supplemental Indenture amended the terms of the 2011 Indenture governing the 8.25% Senior Notes to waive EPL s obligation to make and consummate an offer to repurchase the 8.25% Senior Notes at 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest. EPL entered into the Supplemental Indenture after the receipt of the requisite consents from the holders of the 8.25% Senior Notes in accordance with the Supplemental Indenture. We paid an aggregate cash payment of $1.2 million (equal to $2.50 per $1,000 principal amount of 8.25% Senior Notes for which consents were validly delivered and unrevoked). The 8.25% Senior Notes are callable at 104.125% starting February 15, 2015 with such premium declining to zero by February 15, 2017.  

 6.875% Senior Notes Due 2024  

 On May 27, 2014, EGC issued at par $650 million in aggregate principal amount of the 6.875% Senior Notes due March 15, 2024. On June 1, 2015, we completed a registered offer to exchange the 6.875% Senior Notes for a new series of freely tradable notes having substantially identical terms as the 6.875% Senior Notes. EGC incurred underwriting and direct offering costs of approximately $11 million which were recorded as debt issuance costs.  

 The indenture governing the 6.875% Senior Notes, among other things, limits EGC s ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to transfer or sell assets, make loans or investments, pay dividends, redeem subordinated indebtedness or make other restricted payments, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue disqualified capital stock, create or incur certain liens, incur dividend or other payment restrictions affecting certain subsidiaries, consummate a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, enter into transactions with affiliates and engage in business other than the
oil and natural gas business.  

 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes due 2018  

 On November 18, 2013, Energy XXI Ltd sold $400 million face value of 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes due 2018 (the  3.0% Senior Convertible Notes ). We incurred underwriting and direct offering costs of $7.6 million which were recorded as debt issuance costs. The 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes are convertible into cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the election of Energy XXI Ltd, based on an initial conversion rate of 24.7523 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately
$40.40 per share of common stock). The conversion rate, and accordingly the conversion price, may be adjusted under certain circumstances as described in the indenture governing the 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes.  

 For accounting purposes, the $400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes for which we received cash was recorded at fair market value by applying the implied straight debt rate of 6.75% to allocate the proceeds between the debt component and the convertible equity component of the 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes, which has been reflected as additional paid-in capital. Based on applying the implied straight debt rate, the $400 million aggregate principal amount of the 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes  

30 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 7   Long-Term Debt    (continued) 

 was recorded at $336.6 million and the original issue discount of $63.4 million was amortized as an increase in interest expense on the 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes.  

 7.5% Senior Notes Due 2021  

 On September 26, 2013, EGC issued at par $500 million aggregate principal amount of 7.5% unsecured senior notes due December 15, 2021 (the  7.5% Senior Notes ). In April 2014, we completed a registered offer to exchange the 7.5% Senior Notes with a new series of freely tradable notes having substantially identical terms as the 7.5% Senior Notes. EGC incurred underwriting and direct offering costs of $8.6 million which were recorded as debt issuance costs.  

 The indenture governing the 7.5% Senior Notes limits, among other things, EGC s ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to transfer or sell assets, make loans or investments, pay dividends, redeem subordinated indebtedness or make other restricted payments, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue disqualified capital stock, create or incur certain liens, incur dividend or other payment restrictions affecting certain subsidiaries, consummate a merger, consolidation or sell all or substantially all of our assets, enter into transactions with affiliates and engage in business other than the oil and
natural gas business.  

 7.75% Senior Notes  

 On February 25, 2011, EGC issued at par $250 million aggregate principal amount of 7.75% unsecured senior notes due June 15, 2019 (the  7.75% Old Senior Notes ). On July 7, 2011, EGC exchanged the 7.75% Old Senior Notes for newly issued notes registered under the Securities Act (the  7.75% Senior Notes ) with identical terms and conditions. EGC incurred underwriting and direct offering costs of $3.1 million which were recorded as debt issuance costs.  

 9.25% Senior Notes  

 On December 17, 2010, EGC issued at par $750 million aggregate principal amount of 9.25% unsecured senior notes due December 15, 2017 (the  9.25% Old Senior Notes ). On July 8, 2011, EGC exchanged $749 million of the 9.25% Old Senior Notes for $749 million of newly issued notes (the  9.25% Senior Notes ) registered under the Securities Act with identical terms and conditions. The trading restrictions on the remaining $1 million face value of the 9.25% Old Senior Notes were lifted on December 17, 2011. EGC incurred underwriting and direct offering costs of $15.4 million which were recorded as debt issuance
costs.  

 4.14% Promissory Note  

 In September 2012, we entered into a promissory note of $5.5 million to acquire other property and equipment. Under this note we are required to make a monthly payment of approximately $52,000 and one lump-sum payment of $3.3 million at maturity in October 2017. This note carries an interest rate of 4.14% per annum.  

 On April 14, 2016, the Debtors filed the Bankruptcy Petitions, which constituted an event of default under the promissory note and accelerated the indebtedness thereunder.  

 Derivative Instruments Premium Financing  

 We finance premiums on derivative instruments that we purchase with our hedge counterparties. Substantially all of our hedge transactions were with Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility. Derivative instruments premium financing is accounted for as debt and this indebtedness is  pari passu  with borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. The derivative instruments premium financing is structured to mature when the derivative instrument settles so that we realize the value, net of derivative instrument premium financing.  

31 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 7   Long-Term Debt    (continued) 

 Interest Expense  

 Interest expense consisted of the following ( in thousands ):  

Note 8   Asset Retirement Obligations  

 The following table describes the changes in our asset retirement obligations ( in thousands ):  

* 

           This downward revision was primarily due to declining service costs resulting from the decline in commodity prices and decrease in demand for oil field services due to excess capacity.  

32 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 9   Derivative Financial Instruments  

 We have historically entered into hedging transactions to reduce exposure to fluctuations in the price of crude oil and natural gas. We enter into hedging transactions with multiple investment-grade rated counterparties, primarily financial institutions, to reduce the concentration of exposure to any individual counterparty. We use various instruments including financially settled crude oil and natural gas puts, put spreads, swaps, zero-cost collars and three-way collars in our hedging portfolio. Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value and included as either assets or liabilities in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. Any gains or losses resulting from changes in fair value of our outstanding derivative financial instruments and from the settlement of derivative financial instruments are recognized in earnings and included in gain on derivative financial instruments as a component of revenues in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.  

 With a zero-cost collar, the counterparty is required to make a payment to us if the settlement price for any settlement period is below the floor price of the collar, and we are required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any settlement period is above the cap price for the collar. A three-way collar is a combination of options consisting of a sold call, a purchased put and a sold put. The sold call establishes a maximum price we will receive for the volumes under contract. The purchased put establishes a minimum price unless the market price falls below the sold put, at which point the minimum
price would be the reference price (i.e., NYMEX WTI, BRENT IPE and/or Argus-LLS) plus the difference between the purchased put and the sold put strike price.  

 Most of our crude oil production is Heavy Louisiana Sweet. We include contracts indexed to NYMEX WTI, ICE Brent futures and Argus-LLS futures in our hedging portfolio to closely align and manage our exposure to the associated price risk.  

 The energy markets have historically been very volatile, and there can be no assurances that crude oil and natural gas prices will not be subject to wide fluctuations in the future. While the use of hedging arrangements helps to limit the downside risk of adverse price movements, they may also limit future gains from favorable price movements.  

 The following table presents information about the components of the gain on derivative instruments ( in thousands ).  

We monitor the creditworthiness of our counterparties. However, we are not able to predict sudden changes in counterparties  creditworthiness. In addition, even if such changes are not sudden, we may be limited in our ability to mitigate an increase in counterparty credit risk. Possible actions would be to transfer our position to another counterparty or request a voluntary termination of the derivative contracts resulting in a cash settlement. Should one of these financial counterparties not perform, we may not realize the benefit of some of our derivative instruments under lower commodity prices and could incur a loss.
At September 30, 2016, we had no outstanding derivative contracts and, accordingly, no deposits for collateral with our counterparties.  

33 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 10   Stockholders  Equity  

 Common Stock  

 Our common stock was traded on the NASDAQ under the symbol  EXXI  prior to the delisting of our common stock in connection with the commencement of the Chapter 11 proceedings. Our common stock resumed trading on the OTC Pink under the symbol  EXXIQ  on April 25, 2016. After the suspension period, our common stock was formally delisted from NASDAQ on May 19, 2016. Our shareholders are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. We have 200,000,000 authorized common shares, par value of $0.005 per share.  

 Late in fiscal year 2015, our Board of Directors decided to suspend the declaration of quarterly dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.  

 As described in Note 3    Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources,  pursuant to the Plan, it is expected that an order of the Bermuda court will be sought to dissolve Energy XXI Ltd under the laws of Bermuda following the Company s emergence from Chapter 11, and (assuming that there are no assets available for distribution to equity under the Bermuda laws governing the payment of stakeholders in a Bermuda dissolution), existing equity holders would not receive distribution in respect of their equity interests in that dissolution. Accordingly any trading in shares of our common
stock during the pendency of the Chapter 11 proceedings is highly speculative.  

 Our Board adopted a net operating loss ( NOL ) Shareholder Rights Agreement (the  Rights Plan ) designed to preserve substantial tax assets of our U.S. subsidiaries. The Rights Plan is intended to protect our tax benefits and to allow all of our existing shareholders to realize the long-term value of their investment in the Company. The Board adopted the Rights Plan after considering, among other matters, the estimated value of the tax benefits, the potential for diminution upon an ownership change, and the risk of an ownership change occurring. To implement the Rights Plan, the Board declared a non-taxable
dividend of one preferred share purchase right (the  Rights ) for each outstanding share of common stock of Energy XXI. The Rights will trade with shares of our common stock and will expire on February 15, 2017, unless our shareholders ratify the Rights Plan prior to such date, in which case the term of the Rights Plan is extended to three years. The Board may terminate the Rights Plan or redeem the rights prior to the time the rights are triggered.  

 Since the primary purpose of the Rights is to deter existing shareholders or new investors from acquiring more than 4.9% of our outstanding common stock, we believe that it is unlikely that the Rights would get triggered or exercised. Accordingly, since the fair value of the Rights is mostly derived from the probability of the Rights being exercised, we determined the Rights fair value to be immaterial.  

 As of September 30, 2016, no ownership change as defined in Section 382 had occurred and no Rights had been exercised.  

 As of September 30, 2016, $83.2 million remains available for repurchases under the share repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors in May 2013. The share repurchase program has been indefinitely suspended to reduce capital needs.  

 Preferred Stock  

 Our bye-laws authorize the issuance of 7,500,000 shares of preferred stock. Our Board of Directors is empowered, without shareholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of common stock. Shares of previously issued preferred stock that have been cancelled are available for future issuance.  

 As described in Note 3    Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources,  pursuant to the Plan, it is expected that an order of the Bermuda court will be sought to dissolve Energy XXI Ltd under the laws of Bermuda following the Company s emergence from the Chapter 11 proceedings, and assuming that  

34 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 10   Stockholders  Equity    (continued) 

 there are no assets available for distribution to equity under the Bermuda laws governing the payment of stakeholders in a Bermuda dissolution, existing equity holders would not receive distribution in respect of their equity interests in that dissolution. Accordingly, as of the Petition Date, we are no longer accruing dividends on preferred stock. Preferred stock dividends that would have accrued for the three months ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $2.4 million.  

 Conversion of Preferred Stock  

 During the three months ended September 30, 2015, we cancelled and converted a total of 15,000 shares of our 5.625% Preferred Stock into a total of 157,148 shares of common stock using a conversion rate of 10.4765 common shares per preferred share.  

 Subsequent to the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we cancelled and converted a total of 90,906 shares of our 5.625% Preferred Stock into a total of 952,377 shares of common stock using a conversion rate of 10.4765 common shares per preferred share.  

 Notice Procedures and Transfer Restrictions  

 On April 14, 2016, the Debtors filed a motion (the  NOL Motion ) in the Bankruptcy Court for the entry of an order pursuant to Sections 105(a), 362 and 541 of the Bankruptcy Code to enable us to avoid limitations on the use of our tax NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes by imposing certain notice procedures and transfer restrictions on the acquisition (including by conversion) or disposition of the Company s equity securities, including common stock, 5.625% Preferred Stock or 7.25% Preferred Stock (the  Stock ). The Bankruptcy Court granted the NOL Motion on an interim basis on April 15,
2016 and a final basis on May 19, 2016. In general, the final order granting the NOL motion (the  Order ) applies to any person or entity that, directly or indirectly, has (or would have, as a result of a proposed transaction) beneficial ownership of at least 4.9% of our outstanding Stock, as determined in accordance with applicable rules under Section 382 of the IRC ( Tax Ownership ).  

 Under the Order, any person or entity who has or acquires Tax Ownership of at least 4.9% of our common stock, 5.625% Preferred Stock or 7.25% Preferred Stock (each a  Substantial Equity Holder ) is required to file with the Bankruptcy Court, and serve on the Company, a notice containing certain Tax Ownership information set forth in the NOL Motion. Additionally, prior to any proposed acquisition of Stock that would result in an increase in the amount of our Stock beneficially owned by a Substantial Equity Holder, or that would result in a person or entity becoming a Substantial Equity Holder, such person, entity or
Substantial Equity Holder is required to file with the Bankruptcy Court, and serve on the Company, a notice of such person, entity or Substantial Equity Holder s intent to purchase, acquire or otherwise obtain Tax Ownership of Stock. Prior to effecting any sale, exchange, or other disposition of our Stock that would result in a decrease in the amount of our Stock beneficially owned by a Substantial Equity Holder, such Substantial Equity Holder is required to file with the Bankruptcy Court, and serve on the Company, a notice of such Substantial Equity Holder s intent to sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of Tax Ownership of Stock.  

 If we file written approval of a proposed Stock transaction with the Bankruptcy Court within fifteen calendar days of receipt of notice of such proposed transaction, then the proposed transaction may proceed. Otherwise, the transaction generally may not be consummated unless approved by a final and non-appealable order of the Bankruptcy Court. The Order further provides that any transfer of Tax Ownership of Stock in violation of the procedures set forth in the NOL Motion, including but not limited to the notice requirements, shall be null and void ab initio, and the person or entity making such transfer or declaration shall be
required to take such steps as the Bankruptcy Court determines are necessary in order to be consistent with such transfer or declaration being null and void ab initio.  

35 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 11   Supplemental Cash Flow Information  

 The following table presents our supplemental cash flow information ( in thousands ):  

The following table presents our non-cash investing and financing activities ( in thousands ):  

Note 12   Employee Benefit Plans  

   The Energy XXI Services, LLC 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan ( Incentive Plan ).    We maintain an incentive and retention program for our employees. Participation shares ( Restricted Stock Units ) are issued from time to time at a value equal to our common share price at the time of issue. The Restricted Stock Units generally vest equally over a three-year period. When vesting occurs, we pay the employee an amount equal to the then current common share price times the number of Restricted Stock Units. We have also awarded performance units ( Performance Units ), including both
time-based performance units ( Time-Based Performance Units ) and Total Shareholder Return ( TSR ) Performance-Based Units ( TSR Performance-Based Units ). Both the Time-Based Performance Units and TSR Performance-Based Units vest over a three-year period.  

 At our discretion, at the time the Restricted Stock Units and Performance Units vest, the amount due to employees will be settled in either common shares or cash. Historically, we have settled all vesting Restricted Stock Units awards in cash and accordingly they are accounted for under the liability method. The July 2015 vesting of the July 2014, 2013, and 2012 Performance Unit awards were also settled in cash. Subsequent to the Petition Date, any vesting of Restricted Stock Units or the Performance Units is accrued but not payable. Settlement with respect to the July 2016 vesting of the July 2015, 2014 and 2013 equity awards
cannot be made without approval of the Bankruptcy Court, which approval is not currently being sought. Consequently, no payments were made with respect to Restricted Stock Units and Performance Units that vested in July 2016 although the value associated with the vesting of such awards became determined and fixed on July 21, 2016. The holders of those awards will have an unsecured claim against the Company for the amount of payment associated with the July 2016 vesting.  

 The fair values of our stock based units are based on the period-end stock price for our Restricted Stock Units and Time-Based Performance Units and the results of the Monte Carlo simulation model historically has been used for our TSR Performance-Based Units. The Monte Carlo simulation model uses inputs relating to stock price, unit value expected volatility and expected rate of return. A change in any input can have a significant effect on the valuation of the TSR Performance-Based Units.  

36 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 12   Employee Benefit Plans    (continued) 

 We recognized compensation expense related to our outstanding Restricted Stock Units and Performance Units as follows ( in thousands ):  

As of September 30, 2016, we had 4,130,611 unvested Restricted Stock Units, 62,667 Time-Based Performance Units and 1,346,108 TSR Performance Based Units.  

 Pursuant to the Plan filed on our Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors will reject all existing employment agreements or other severance arrangements with management and any existing management incentive programs on the date the Plan becomes effective.  

 As described in Note 3    Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources,  it is expected that the dissolution of Energy XXI Ltd will be completed under the laws of Bermuda following the confirmation of the Plan by the Bankruptcy Court, and, given that it is unlikely to have assets available for distribution, existing equity holders would receive no distributions in respect of that equity in that dissolution. As currently proposed, the Plan includes a new long-term Management Incentive Plan for the Company upon emergence from the Chapter 11 proceedings. Such Management Incentive Plan will
reserve up to 5% of the total New Equity on a fully diluted basis and will be a comprehensive equity based award plan with equity based awards (including stock option and restricted stock units) to be issued on terms and conditions determined by the board of directors of the New Entity.  

 Note 13   Related Party Transactions  

 Prior to the M21K Acquisition on August 11, 2015, we had a 20% interest in EXXI M21K and accounted for this investment using the equity method. We had provided a guarantee related to the payment of asset retirement obligations and other liabilities of M21K in the EP Energy property acquisition estimated at $65 million and $1.8 million, respectively. For the LLOG Exploration acquisition, we guaranteed payment of asset retirement obligations of M21K estimated at $36.7 million. For the Eugene Island 330 and South Marsh Island 128 properties purchase, we guaranteed payment of asset retirement obligations of M21K estimated at $18.6
million. For these guarantees, M21K agreed to pay us $6.3 million, $3.3 million and $1.7 million, respectively, over a period of three years from the respective acquisition dates. For the month ended July 31, 2015, we received $0.3 million related to such guarantees. Prior to the M21K Acquisition, we also received a management fee of $0.98 per BOE produced for providing administrative assistance in carrying out M21K operations. For the month ended July 31, 2015, we received management fees of $0.2 million.  

 On August 11, 2015, we acquired all of the equity interests in M21K and repaid the outstanding balance under the M21K credit facility of $25.2 million.  

 Effective January 15, 2015, our Board of Directors appointed one of its members, James LaChance, to serve as our interim Chief Strategic Officer. In that position, Mr. LaChance pursued discussions with our lenders and noteholders to improve our available capital, leverage ratios and average debt maturity, as directed by our Chief Executive Officer, in consultation with the Board. Mr. LaChance s duties as interim Chief Strategic Officer were separate from, and in addition to, his responsibilities as a member of the Board of Directors. In light of the significant increase in the amount of time Mr. LaChance was required to
spend performing in that new role, we and Mr. LaChance entered into an interim Chief Strategic Officer consulting  

37 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 13   Related Party Transactions    (continued) 

 agreement (the  Consulting Agreement ), with an effective date of January 15, 2015. Under the Consulting Agreement, Mr. LaChance was paid $200,000 per month for his services as interim Chief Strategic Officer. The consulting agreement expired on July 15, 2015. Mr. LaChance earned and was paid consulting fees of $1.2 million under the Consulting Agreement.  

 In accordance with the Consulting Agreement, Mr. LaChance was also entitled to a success fee if he continuously provided consulting services through the closing of one or a series of transactions to provide us and our affiliates with additional capital of more than $1,000 million. The amount of this success fee was capped at $6 million, with up to $5 million payable upon achievement of objective criteria set forth in the Consulting Agreement and up to an additional $1 million payable in the Board of Directors  discretion, based on qualitative factors. The success fee was earned and Mr. LaChance received, on March 12,
2015, 1,644,737 RSUs based on a price of $3.04 per share (the value weighted average price of our common stock for the period from December 1, 2014 through January 31, 2015), representing the full $5 million portion of the success fee.  

 With respect to the discretionary portion of the success fee, the Board of Directors awarded Mr. LaChance the full $1 million amount on October 15, 2015. Fifty percent of this amount was paid in cash in October 2015 and the other fifty percent was paid in the form of 231,482 RSUs, based on a price of $2.16 per share, which was the closing price of our common stock on October 15, 2015. All of the outstanding 1,876,219 RSUs were settled in cash for $1,182,018 on March 12, 2016 based on a price of $0.63 per share.  

 On October 9, 2015, the Board determined that the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board should be held by two different individuals. As a result of that determination, the Board elected Mr. LaChance to serve as Chairman of the Board, effective as of October 15, 2015, to serve in such capacity until the earlier of his resignation or removal. Mr. LaChance will not receive any compensation for serving as Chairman of the Board, other than pursuant to director compensation programs that are applicable to other non-employee directors. Pursuant to the Plan, the board of directors of the reorganized Debtors
upon emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases shall consist of six persons to be designated by the Second Lien Plan Support Parties and, John D. Schiller, Jr., the Company s current President and Chief Executive Officer.  

 During the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company s Chief Executive Officer borrowed funds from personal acquaintances or their affiliates, certain of whom provide services to the Company. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, certain of those lenders provided services to the Company totaling $1.0 million and $17.5 million, respectively. During 2014, one of our directors made a personal loan to the Chief Executive Officer at a time prior to becoming a director of the Company but while a managing director at Mount Kellett Capital Management LP, which at the time owned a majority interest in
Energy XXI M21K and 6.3% of the Company s common stock.  

 From time to time, we have entered into arrangements in the ordinary course of business with entities in which Cornelius Dupr  II, who was appointed to our Board of Directors in October 2010, has an ownership interest. These entities provide us with oil field services, and during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 we made aggregate payments of approximately $0 and $1.7 million, respectively to these entities for those services. 

38 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 14   Earnings (Loss) per Share  

 Basic earnings (loss) per share of common stock is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Except when the effect would be anti-dilutive, the diluted earnings per share include the impact of convertible preferred stock, convertible notes, restricted stock and other potential common stock. The following table sets forth the calculation of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share ( EPS ) ( in thousands, except per share data ):  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, 7,113,391 and 9,107,588 shares of potential common stock, respectively, were excluded from the diluted average shares due to an anti-dilutive effect.  

 Note 15   Commitments and Contingencies  

   Litigation.    We are involved in various legal proceedings and claims, which arise in the ordinary course of our business. As described below, most of our pending legal proceedings have been stayed by virtue of filing the Bankruptcy Petitions on April 14, 2016. We do not believe the ultimate resolution of any such actions will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

 On June 17, 2016, the SEC filed a proof of claim against the Company asserting a general unsecured claim in the amount of $3.9 million based on alleged violations of the federal securities laws by Energy XXI pertaining to the failure to disclose the vendor loans and Mr. Schiller s pledge of Energy XXI stock to a certain financial institution in the second half of 2014. If allowed, such claim against Energy XXI would be classified as a general unsecured claim under the Plan and would be subject to discharge, settlement, and release in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, and receive the treatment provided to holders of
general unsecured claims. The Debtors anticipate that they will object to the SEC s claim.  

   Lease Commitments.    We had non-cancelable operating leases for office space and other assets that expire through December 31, 2022. In addition, on June 30, 2015, we entered into an operating lease agreement for the Grand Isle Gathering System as further described below. On October 4, 2016, the operating lease for office space was modified to expire on December 31, 2018, thereby reducing the contractual obligation related to the office lease by approximately $19.7 million.  

 For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, rent expense, including rent incurred on short-term leases but excluding GIGS, described below, was approximately $1.4 million and $1.4 million, respectively.  

 On June 30, 2015, in connection with the closing of the sale of the Grand Isle Gathering System, Energy XXI GIGS Services, LLC, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the  Tenant ), entered into a triple-net lease (the  GIGS Lease ) with Grand Isle Corridor, LP ( Grand Isle Corridor ) pursuant to which we will continue to operate the Grand Isle Gathering System. The primary term of the GIGS Lease is 11 years from the closing of the sale, with one renewal option, which will be the lesser of nine years or 75% of the expected remaining useful life of the Grand Isle Gathering System. The
operating lease utilizes a  

39 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 15   Commitments and Contingencies    (continued) 

 minimum rent plus a variable rent structure, which is linked to the oil revenues we realize from the Grand Isle Gathering System above a predetermined oil revenue threshold. During the initial term, we will make fixed minimum monthly rental payments, which vary over the term of the lease. The aggregate annual minimum cash monthly payments for the first twelve months of the GIGS Lease total $31.5 million, and such payment amounts average $40.5 million per year over the life of the lease. Under the terms of the GIGS Lease, we retain any revenues generated from transporting third party volumes.  

 Under the terms of the GIGS Lease, we control the operation, maintenance, management and regulatory compliance associated with the Grand Isle Gathering System, and we are responsible for, among other matters, maintaining the system in good operating condition, paying all utilities, insuring the assets, repairing the system in the event of any casualty loss, paying property and similar taxes associated with the system, and ensuring compliance with all environmental and other regulatory laws, rules and regulations. The GIGS Lease also imposes certain obligations on Grand Isle Corridor, including confidentiality of information
and keeping the Grand Isle Gathering System free of certain liens. In addition, we have, under certain circumstances, a right of first refusal during the term of the GIGS Lease and for two years thereafter to match any proposed transfer by Grand Isle Corridor of its interest as lessor under the GIGS Lease or its interest in the Grand Isle Gathering System.  

 Under the GIGS Lease, an event of default would be triggered by the Tenant upon (i) the filing by either the Tenant or the Company of a Bankruptcy Petition or (ii) the failure of either the Tenant or the Company to make any payment of principal or interest with respect to certain material debt of the Tenant or the Company, as a guarantor, after giving effect to any applicable cure period or the failure to perform under an agreement or instrument relating to such material debt (collectively, the  Specified Defaults ). Although the Tenant did not file a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code, the Company s Bankruptcy Petition and failure to comply with its material debt instruments, would, among other things, allow Grand Isle Corridor to terminate the GIGS Lease.  

 As a result, the Tenant and Grand Isle Corridor entered into a Waiver to Lease, dated as of April 13, 2016 (the  Waiver ), whereby Grand Isle Corridor waived its right to exercise its remedies set forth under the GIGS Lease in the event of the Specified Defaults except its ability to exercise observer rights. The Waiver will terminate if any of the following events occur: (i) a dismissal of the Company s Bankruptcy Petition, (ii) conversion of the pending case from a Chapter 11 bankruptcy to a chapter 7 bankruptcy case or other liquidation proceeding, (iii) relief from the automatic stay or other relief which
allows the creditors of the material debt to take action to enforce such material debt against the Company or its property or (iv) a tenant event of default (as defined in the GIGS Lease) under the GIGS Lease other than arising out of the specified defaults expressly waived.  

   Letters of Credit and Performance Bonds.    As of September 30, 2016, we had $388.4 million of performance bonds outstanding and $225 million in letters of credit issued to a third party relating to assets in the Gulf of Mexico. We are a lessee and operator of oil and natural gas leases on the federal Outer Continental Shelf ( OCS ) and our operations on these leases in the Gulf of Mexico are subject to regulation by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement ( BSEE ) and the BOEM. These leases must comply with detailed BSEE and BOEM regulations and orders issued pursuant to
various federal laws. Consequently, as of September 30, 2016, we have submitted approximately $226.7 million of our performance bonds in the form of general or supplemental bonds issued to the BOEM that may be accessed and used by the BOEM to assure our commitment to comply with our lease obligations, including decommissioning obligations. We also maintain approximately $161.7 million in performance bonds issued not to the BOEM but rather to predecessor third party assignors, including certain state regulatory bodies, of certain of the wells and facilities on these leases pursuant to a contractual commitment made by us to those third parties at the time of assignment with respect to the eventual decommissioning of those wells and facilities.  

40 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 15   Commitments and Contingencies    (continued) 

 In April 2015, we received letters from the BOEM stating that certain of our subsidiaries no longer qualify for exemption from certain supplemental bonding requirements for potential offshore decommissioning obligations and that certain of our subsidiaries must provide approximately $1,000 million in supplemental bonding or other financial assurance for our offshore oil and gas leases, rights-of-way, and rights-of-use and easements. In October 2015, we received information from the BOEM that we could receive additional demands of supplemental bonding or other financial assurance for amounts in addition to the $1,000 million
initially sought by the BOEM in April 2015, primarily relating to certain leases in which we have a legal interest that were no longer exempt from supplemental bonding as a result of co-lessees losing their exemptions. Since April 2015, we have had a series of discussions and exchanges of information with the BOEM regarding our submittal of additional supplemental bonding or other financial assurance with respect to offshore oil and gas interests that has resulted in, among other things: (i) our submittal of $150 million and $21.1 million in supplemental bonds to the BOEM in June 2015 and December 2015, respectively (which bond amounts are reflected in the $226.7 million in general and/or supplemental bonds discussed above); (ii) our selling of the East Bay field on June 30, 2015 that served to reduce by $178 million the $1,000 million of supplemental bonding or other financial assurance required by the BOEM in April 2015; and (iii) the BOEM s agreement to, and execution of, a
long-term financial assurance plan (the  Long-Term Plan ) on February 25, 2016 that is intended to address the supplemental bonding and other financial assurance concerns expressed to us by the BOEM in April and October 2015.  

 It is anticipated that we will continue to perform our obligations under the Long-Term Plan during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases and in connection with the consummation of our restructuring. On April 26, 2016, pursuant to the redetermination of our plugging and abandonment liabilities with a third party, it was agreed that subsequent to the Company s emergence from the Chapter 11 proceedings, the letters of credit issued in favor the third party would be reduced to $200 million from the existing amount of $225 million. We submitted an amended and supplemental plan to the BOEM on June 28, 2016 and are currently
awaiting their further response.  

 On July 14, 2016, the BOEM issued a new Notice to Lessees and Operators ( NTL ) regarding the need for additional security to satisfy decommissioning obligations and eliminating previous exemptions from the posting of financial assurances. Consistent with the BOEM s planned implementation of the new NTL, we received proposal letters in October 2016 outlining what additional security the BOEM proposes to require from us and other parties liable for leases, right of way ( ROW ) and right of use and easement ( RUE ) decommissioning obligations. We are reviewing these proposal letters for
accuracy and, as permitted by the proposal letters, expect to submit notice to the BOEM of our election to dispute certain of the proposed amounts included therein. We intend to work cooperatively with BOEM to determine the appropriate amount of financial assurances required to be posted pursuant to the new NTL. Notwithstanding the BOEM s July 14, 2016 NTL, the BOEM may also bolster its financial assurance requirements mandated by rule for all companies operating in federal waters. The future cost of compliance with our existing supplemental bonding requirements, including the obligations imposed upon us under the Long-Term Plan and the July 14, 2016 NTL, any other future BOEM directives, or any other changes to the BOEM s rules applicable to us or our subsidiaries  properties could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations.  

 In addition, although we currently have $49.6 million (of which $0.3 million was paid in October 2016) in cash collateral provided to surety companies associated with the bonding requirements of the BOEM and third party assignors, we may be required to provide additional cash collateral in the future-to support the issuance of such bonds or other financial security. While we are currently in compliance, we can provide no future assurance that we can continue to obtain bonds or other surety in all cases or that we will have sufficient operating cash flows to support such supplemental bonding requirements. If we are unable to
obtain  

41 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 15   Commitments and Contingencies    (continued) 

 the additional required bonds or assurances as requested, the BOEM may have any of our operations on federal leases to be suspended or cancelled or otherwise impose monetary penalties and one or more of such actions could have a material effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.  

   Other.    We maintain restricted escrow funds as required by certain contractual arrangements. At September 30, 2016, our restricted cash included $30.1 million related to the First Lien Credit Agreement, $25.5 million in cash collateral associated with our bonding requirements, $1.7 million related to the GIGS transaction and approximately $6.0 million in a trust for future plugging, abandonment and other decommissioning costs related to the East Bay field which will be transferred to the buyer of our interests in that field.  

 Following the modification to the cash collateral order, which was approved by the Bankruptcy Court on October 24, 2016, the $30.1 million of restricted cash maintained by us related to our First Lien Credit Agreement was withdrawn on October 25, 2016 and applied to permanently reduce the amount outstanding under our First Lien Credit Agreement.  

 We and our oil and gas joint interest owners are subject to periodic audits of the joint interest accounts for leases in which we participate and/or operate. As a result of these joint interest audits, amounts payable or receivable by us for costs incurred or revenue distributed by the operator or by us on a lease may be adjusted, resulting in adjustments to our net costs or revenues and the related cash flows. When they occur, these adjustments are recorded in the current period, which generally is one or more years after the related cost or revenue was incurred or recognized by the joint account. We do not believe any such
adjustments will be material.  

   Effect of Automatic Stay.    As disclosed in Note 3    Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources,  the Debtors filed voluntary petitions for relief under the Bankruptcy Code on the Petition Date in the Bankruptcy Court. Each of the Debtors continues to operate its business and manage its property as a debtor-in-possession pursuant to Sections 1107 and 1108 of the Bankruptcy Code. Subject to certain exceptions under the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Debtors  Chapter 11 Cases, pursuant to Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, automatically enjoined, or
stayed, among other things, the continuation of most judicial or administrative proceedings or the filing of other actions against or on behalf of the Debtors or their property to recover on, collect or secure a claim arising prior to the Petition Date or to exercise control over property of the Debtors  bankruptcy estates, unless and until the Bankruptcy Court modifies or lifts the automatic stay as to any such claim. Notwithstanding the general application of the automatic stay described above, governmental authorities may determine to continue actions brought under regulatory powers. Thus, the automatic stay may have no effect on certain matters described above.  

 Note 16   Income Taxes  

 We are a Bermuda company and are generally not subject to income tax in Bermuda. We have historically operated through our various subsidiaries in the United States, and, accordingly, U.S. income taxes have been provided based upon those U.S. operations and U.S. withholding tax on interest owed to our Bermuda parent on intercompany indebtedness. Pursuant to the Plan discussed in Note 3    Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources,  we filed bankruptcy and dissolution petitions in the United States and Bermuda, respectively, on the Petition Date. These filings generally had no immediate
effect on the Company s income tax year or income tax reporting requirements, but will likely have future effects as discussed below.  

 Historically, our Bermuda companies recorded income tax expense reflecting 30% U.S. withholding tax on any interest (and interest equivalents) accrued on indebtedness of the U.S. companies held by them. As of  

42 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 16   Income Taxes    (continued) 

 September 30, 2016, we have recorded $81.6 million in withholding taxes attributable to accrued but unpaid interest. This accrual policy changed effective with our bankruptcy filing on the Petition Date, in light of the Plan, as such, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, we have not made any additional accruals or cash withholding tax payments on interest expense or management fees paid to our Bermuda entities, nor do we expect any such payments in the foreseeable future. We record the 30% withholding tax as a separate line item which is offset by other U.S. federal deferred tax assets in the consolidated financial
statements to arrive at the zero net deferred tax asset/liability amounts presented. This accrued income tax liability related to withholding on interest expense due to our Bermuda parent is not a current liability due nor was listed as a pre-petition tax liability in our bankruptcy petition filed on the Petition Date. When combined with the significant valuation allowance, there is no net deferred tax asset or deferred tax liability presented on the consolidated balance sheets. We have recorded this valuation allowance because we do not believe, on a more likely than not basis, that our net deferred tax assets from any source are realizable. Our estimated effective income tax rate (benefit) for the period is zero, as our continuing losses do not result in any current or deferred income tax expense, but do not allow us to record a deferred tax asset as we have previously recorded a valuation allowance against all net deferred tax assets as discussed above. Additionally, for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, we have determined our quarterly income tax expense (benefit) on a year-to-date basis, as, when considering the uncertainty from the pending restructuring events in the upcoming bankruptcy court proceedings, we do not believe that we are able to make a reliable determination of annual pre-tax income or loss. This is a change in estimation procedure from prior periods that results from the uncertainty of the effects of the bankruptcy proceeding.  

 We have historically paid no significant U.S. cash income taxes (exclusive of withholding tax on Bermuda interest expense discussed above) due to the election to expense intangible drilling costs and the presence of our NOL carryforwards. Section 61(a)(12) of the IRC generally provides, in pertinent part, that income from the discharge of indebtedness ( CODI ) is treated as ordinary income subject to current taxation. The Company has completed several purchases of indebtedness during the prior year at less than the issued amount of the indebtedness, which constitutes CODI. The U.S. Alternative Minimum Tax
( AMT ) only allows offset of 90% of AMT income by NOL carryforwards (with certain limited exceptions for 2009 and 2010 generated NOL s), with the balance of income being taxed at 20%. IRC section 108(a)(1) provides that CODI may be  excluded  from taxable income of a debtor if the discharge occurred: (i) while the debtor was subject to a Title 11 (or similar) proceeding (such as a Chapter 11 filing), or (ii) while insolvent. The significance of exclusion treatment is that an NOL carryforward is not required to shield excluded CODI. If NOL s were used to offset CODI (or other taxable income), the Company would be subject to a current cash AMT payment due to the 90% limitation in NOL usage against this tax. We believe, more likely than not, that prior to the bankruptcy filing, the Company was, for income tax purposes, insolvent as defined in IRC section 108(a)(1)(B) at the times of significant indebtedness repurchases and thus the exclusion applies to
significant indebtedness repurchases that constitute CODI. As such, we presently do not expect to make any cash AMT payments during this fiscal year. If any such AMT payments were required, we believe that, under present circumstances, we would not be able to record a net deferred tax asset for these payments, even though they result in a Minimum Tax Credit usable against future regular income tax with no expiration period. Thus, we believe that any current-year cash AMT payments would have a negative impact on earnings. We revise our ongoing estimated AMT obligation each quarter during the year and revise our expected income tax rate and cash tax payment disclosure accordingly.  

 In accordance with IRC Section 382 certain transfers of our equity, or issuances of equity in connection with our restructuring, may impair our ability to utilize our U.S. federal income tax NOL carryforwards and the tax basis of property ( Tax Attributes ) to offset future taxable income. A corporation is generally permitted to deduct from taxable income (or offset resulting income tax, in the case of credits) in any year NOL s carried forward from prior years as well as certain DD A cost recovery deductions relating to the  

43 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 16   Income Taxes    (continued) 

 recovery of its tax basis in properties post-discharge. We experienced an ownership change on June 20, 2008, and a second ownership change on November 3, 2010. EPL similarly experienced an ownership change in 2009 and upon its acquisition in 2014.  

 As described in detail in Note 10   Stockholders  Equity   Notice Procedures and Transfer Restrictions, the Bankruptcy Court has entered an interim order that places certain limitations on trading in our equity during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases. Additional limitations pursuant to IRC section 382 can apply based upon the enterprise value of the Company upon exit, and many of these factors are based upon market elements and the results of negotiations that are forthcoming and are beyond the control of the Company. Despite these precautions, we can provide no assurances that these tax
law limitations, market factors, or results of negotiations will prevent an  ownership change  or otherwise inhibit our ability to utilize our NOL s or other Tax Attribute carryforwards as a result of our reorganization due to IRC section 382 ownership change limitations. Additionally, Tax Attribute reduction resulting from CODI exclusion is generally required irrespective of the application of IRC section 382 to changes in ownership of the Company. Accordingly, we expect that our Tax Attributes available for use after Company s emergence from the Chapter 11 proceedings will be significantly limited.  

 The pending bankruptcy restructuring will result in significant CODI which will not be currently subject to inclusion in taxable income of the Company, but will require the Company to reduce its NOL and other tax attribute carryforwards (including the tax basis in oil and natural gas properties that offset future taxable income through depletion, depreciation and amortization). As such, the Company does not expect to have any useable NOL carryforward after the restructuring, and its future tax DD A will be severely limited. The amount of the future tax DD A limitation will be largely based upon the results of the
restructuring negotiations and assets values.  

 Note 17   Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

 Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis in our consolidated balance sheets. Valuation techniques are generally classified into three categories: the market approach; the income approach; and the cost approach. The selection and application of one or more of these techniques requires significant judgment and is primarily dependent upon the characteristics of the asset or liability, the principal (or most advantageous) market in which participants would transact for the asset or liability and the quality and availability of inputs. Inputs to valuation techniques are classified as either
observable or unobservable within the following hierarchy: 

Level 1   quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2   inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for an asset or liability. These include: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market-corroborated inputs). 

Level 3   unobservable inputs that reflect our own expectations about the assumptions that market participants would use in measuring the fair value of an asset or liability.  

For cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and certain notes payable, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short-term nature or maturity of the instruments. For the Second Lien Notes, 9.25% Senior Notes, 8.25% Senior Notes, 7.75% Senior Notes, 7.5% Senior Notes, 6.875% Senior Notes and 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes, the fair value is estimated based on quoted prices in a market that is not an active market, which are Level 2 inputs within the fair value hierarchy. The carrying value of the Revolving Credit Facility  

44 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 17   Fair Value of Financial Instruments    (continued) 

 approximates its fair value because the interest rate is variable and reflective of market rates, which are Level 2 inputs within the fair value hierarchy.  

 Our commodity derivative instruments historically consisted of financially settled crude oil and natural gas puts, swaps, put spreads, zero-cost collars and three way collars. We estimated the fair values of these instruments based on published forward commodity price curves, market volatility and contract terms as of the date of the estimate. The discount rate used in the discounted cash flow projections is based on published LIBOR rates. The fair values of commodity derivative instruments in an asset position include a measure of counterparty nonperformance risk, and the fair values of commodity derivative instruments in a
liability position include a measure of our own nonperformance risk, each based on the current published issuer-weighted corporate default rates.  

 The fair values of our stock based units are based on the period-end stock price for our Restricted Stock Units and Time-Based Performance Units and the results of the Monte Carlo simulation model are used for our TSR Performance-Based Units. The Monte Carlo simulation model uses inputs relating to stock price, unit value expected volatility and expected rate of return. A change in any input can have a significant effect on the valuation of the TSR Performance-Based Units.  

 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we did not have any transfers from or to Level 3. The following table presents the fair value of our Level 1 financial instruments ( in thousands ):  

The following table sets forth the carrying values and estimated fair values of our long-term debt instruments which are classified as Level 2 financial instruments ( in thousands ):  

45 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 The Second Lien Notes, the 8.25% Senior Notes, the 6.875% Senior Notes, and the 7.5% Senior Notes each contain an option to redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the respective notes outstanding with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings. Such options are considered embedded derivatives and are classified as Level 3 financial instruments for which the estimated fair values at September 30, 2016 are not material.  

 The following table sets forth our Level 3 financial instruments ( in thousands ):  

Note 18   Prepayments and Accrued Liabilities  

 Prepayments and accrued liabilities consist of the following ( in thousands ):  

46 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 19   Supplemental Guarantor Information  

 Our indirect, 100% wholly owned subsidiary, EGC, issued the 6.875% Senior Notes, the 7.5% Senior Notes, the 9.25% Senior Notes due 2017 and the 7.75% Senior Notes, each of which were replaced with identical notes issued in registered offerings. These notes are jointly, severally, fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Bermuda parent company and each of EGC s existing and future material domestic subsidiaries other than EPL and its subsidiaries, except that a guarantor can be automatically released and relieved of its obligations under certain customary circumstances contained in the senior note indentures. These
customary circumstances include: when a guarantor is declared  unrestricted  for covenant purposes, when the requirements for legal defeasance or covenant defeasance or to discharge the indenture have been satisfied, when the guarantor is sold or sells all of its assets or the guarantor no longer guarantees any obligations under EGC s Revolving Credit Facility. When securities that are guaranteed are issued in a registered offering, Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X of the SEC generally requires the issuer and guarantors to file separate financial statements. We meet the conditions in Rule 3-10 to instead report information about the assets, liabilities, results of operations and comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows of the parent, subsidiary issuer and subsidiary guarantors using an alternative approach, which is to include in a footnote to our financial statements, condensed consolidating financial information for the same periods as those presented in our financial
statements.  

 The information is presented using the equity method of accounting for investments in subsidiaries. Transactions between entities are presented on a gross basis in the Bermuda parent company, EGC, guarantor subsidiaries, and non-guarantor subsidiaries columns with consolidating entries presented in the eliminations column. The principal consolidating entries eliminate investments in subsidiaries, intercompany balances and intercompany revenues and expenses.  

47 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 19   Supplemental Guarantor Information    (continued) 

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET  (Unaudited)  

48 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 19   Supplemental Guarantor Information    (continued) 

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET  

49 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 19   Supplemental Guarantor Information    (continued) 

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  (Unaudited)  

50 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 19   Supplemental Guarantor Information    (continued) 

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  (Unaudited)  

51 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 19   Supplemental Guarantor Information    (continued) 

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  (Unaudited)  

52 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (Unaudited)  

 Note 19   Supplemental Guarantor Information    (continued) 

 ENERGY XXI LTD  (Debtor-in-Possession)    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  (Unaudited)  

53 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

   ITEM 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

  Statements we make in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (the  Quarterly Report ) which express a belief, expectation or intention, as well as those that are not historical fact, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those to which we refer under the headings  Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements  and  Item 1A. Risk Factors  included in our 2016 Annual Report and elsewhere in this Quarterly
Report.   

 Overview  

 Energy XXI Ltd and its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( Energy XXI,   us,   we,   our,  or  the Company ) is an independent oil and natural gas exploration and production company. With our principal operating subsidiary headquartered in Houston, Texas, we have historically engaged in the acquisition, development, operation and exploration of oil and natural gas properties onshore in Louisiana and on the Gulf of Mexico Shelf ( GoM Shelf ). Based on production volume, we are the largest publicly traded independent operator on the GoM Shelf.  

 We have historically focused on development drilling on our existing core properties to enhance production and ultimate recovery of reserves, supplemented by strategic acquisitions from time to time. Our acquisition strategy is to target mature, oil-producing properties on the GoM Shelf and the U.S. Gulf Coast that have not been thoroughly exploited by prior operators. We believe these activities will provide us with an inventory of low-risk recompletion and extension opportunities in our geographic area of expertise.  

 At June 30, 2016, our total proved reserves were 86.6 MMBOE, of which 77% were oil and 100% were classified as proved developed. We operated or had an interest in 635 gross producing wells on 452,083 net developed acres, including interests in 60 producing fields. We believe operating our assets is a key to our success and approximately 89% of our proved reserves are on properties operated by us. Our geographical concentration on the GoM Shelf enables us to manage the operated fields efficiently and our high number of wellbore locations provides diversification of our production and reserves.  

 During the second quarter of fiscal year 2015, oil prices began a substantial and rapid decline with continued lower prices throughout fiscal year 2016 and to date. Prior to the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions described below, in response to that decline, we executed a series of financial and operational activities highlighted below. 

Our capital expenditures for fiscal year 2017 are preliminarily set at $165 million, which is at the same level as fiscal year 2016. Our fiscal year 2017 preliminary budget is primarily focused on: (i) recompletion opportunities and lower risk development drilling opportunities in fields where we have had previous success and (ii) eliminating capital commitments on exploration and other activities that do not provide incremental production. 

We reduced field level operating costs, bringing the total amount of direct lease operating costs for fiscal year 2016 down by approximately 30% from fiscal year 2015, the total amount of direct lease operating costs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was down by approximately 15% from the three months ended June 30, 2016. We are continuing to focus on operational and cost efficiencies. 

We suspended dividends on our common stock. 

In March 2015, we closed our private placement of $1,450 million in aggregate principal amount of our Second Lien Notes for net proceeds of $1,355 million, after deducting the initial purchasers  discount and direct offering costs paid by us. Of the net proceeds, $836 million was used to reduce our outstanding borrowings under our Second Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement (as amended, the  First Lien Credit Agreement  or the  Revolving Credit Facility ) to $150 million, with the remaining amount available for general corporate purposes, including funding a portion of our capital expenditure program for fiscal year 2015 and for fiscal year 2016 as well as funding a portion of our bond repurchases in fiscal year 2016. 

54 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

In connection with the issuance of the Second Lien Notes, we proactively amended our Revolving Credit Facility, to, among other things, reduce the total borrowing base availability to $500 million and make certain modifications to the existing financial covenants. On November 30, 2015, the lenders under our Revolving Credit Facility (the  Lenders ) reaffirmed the total borrowing base of our Revolving Credit Facility at $500 million and temporarily relaxed the requirements of certain financial covenants. On February 29, 2016, the Thirteenth Amendment and Waiver to our Revolving Credit Facility (the  Thirteenth Amendment ) became effective and on March 14, 2016, the Fourteenth Amendment and Waiver to our Revolving Credit Facility (the  Fourteenth Amendment ) became effective, extending the term of the Thirteenth Amendment until April 15, 2016 and reducing the borrowing base to $327.2 million. Please read
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   Our Indebtedness and Available Credit   Revolving Credit Facility  below for additional information. 

On June 30, 2015, we sold our interest in the East Bay field for cash consideration of $21 million, plus the assumption by the buyer of asset retirement obligations totaling approximately $55.1 million. 

On June 30, 2015, we sold the GIGS for $245 million in cash, plus the assumption of an estimated $12.5 million asset retirement obligation associated with the decommissioning costs of the GIGS. In connection with the closing of the sale of the GIGS, we entered into a triple-net lease with Grand Isle Corridor, LP ( Grand Isle Corridor ) pursuant to which we will continue to operate the GIGS. 

During January 2015, we monetized our existing calendar 2015 ICE Brent three-way collars and Argus-LLS put spreads for total net proceeds of approximately $73.1 million. Additionally, we repositioned our calendar 2015 hedging portfolio by putting on Argus-LLS three-way collars, and we entered into NYMEX WTI collars to hedge a portion of our calendar 2016 production at the then current commodity prices, which provided us some price protection against further decline in oil prices. In March 2016, pursuant to the Fourteenth Amendment we unwound all our outstanding hedging contracts for $50.6 million and used the proceeds therefrom to repay amounts of outstanding loans to EPL under the First Lien Credit Agreement. 

From July 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016, we acquired approximately $1,713.7 million of our unsecured notes in open market transactions at a total cost of approximately $215.9 million (excluding accrued interest) and recorded a gain totaling approximately $1,492.4 million, net of associated debt issuance costs and certain other expenses. These amounts include the $266.6 million purchase of EPL s 8.25% Senior Notes due February 2018 (the  8.25% Senior Notes ) by EGC in open market transactions, which continue to be held by EGC, and the $471.1 million of EGC s 9.25% Senior Notes due 2017 (the 9.25% Senior Notes ) repurchased by EGC in open market transactions, which continue to be held by EGC. In addition, certain bondholders holding $37 million in face value of our 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes due 2018 (the  3.0% Senior Convertible Notes ) requested for conversion. Upon conversion, we recorded a gain of
approximately $33.2 million after proportionate adjustment to the related debt issue costs, accrued interest and original debt issue discount. Post-debt repurchases and conversion our total indebtedness owed to third parties was reduced to $2,863.5 million.  

As a result of continued decreases in commodity prices and our substantial debt burden, we continued throughout the third quarter of fiscal 2016 to work with our financial and legal advisors to analyze a variety of solutions to reduce our overall financial leverage, while maintaining primary focus on preserving liquidity. As part of this process, we engaged in discussions with certain of our debtholders and other stakeholders to develop and implement a comprehensive plan to restructure our balance sheet. As part of these ongoing discussions, on February 16, 2016, we elected to enter into the 30-day grace period under the terms
of the indenture governing EPL s 8.25% Senior Notes to extend the timeline for making the cash interest payment to March 17, 2016.  

 On March 15, 2016, as part of our ongoing discussions with certain of our debtholders, we elected to make the deferred interest payment on the 8.25% Senior Notes, while electing not to make the interest payments due on the Second Lien Notes and on EGC s 6.875% Senior Notes due 2024 (the  6.875% Senior Notes ), commencing a new 30-day grace period. During the new 30-day grace period, we continued  

55 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 discussions with certain holders of EGC s Second Lien Notes (the  Second Lien Noteholders ) on the ad hoc committee of Second Lien Noteholders (the  Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee ) and a steering committee of the Lenders under our Revolving Credit Facility regarding a potential restructuring.  

 On April 11, 2016, the Debtors entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement with certain Second Lien Noteholders and the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee, providing that the Second Lien Noteholders party thereto will support a restructuring of the Debtors, subject to the terms and conditions of the Restructuring Support Agreement. However, the Restructuring Support Agreement contained certain milestones for progress in the Chapter 11 Cases, including a requirement to begin the hearing to consider the confirmation of the Plan (the  Confirmation Hearing ) by October 7, 2016. As the Confirmation Hearing did not begin in
advance of the October 7, 2016 milestone, the Restructuring Support Agreement automatically terminated pursuant its terms on October 13, 2016 and has been superseded by the PSA (as defined below) by and among the Debtors and certain creditor constituencies discussed in detail below.  

 Pursuant to the Plan (as defined below), we expect to eliminate more than $2,800 million aggregate principal amount of debt and accrued interest held by/due to third-parties, all intercompany debt (including the $325 million intercompany note owed to EGC by EPL, the $266.6 million of the 8.25% Senior Notes purchased by EGC in open market transactions and potentially certain of the Debtors  intercompany payable balances) as well as the $471.1 million of EGC s 9.25% Senior Notes repurchased by EGC in open market transactions. As the Plan eliminates substantially all of our prepetition indebtedness other than
indebtedness under our Revolving Credit Facility, it will result in a significantly deleveraged capital structure.  

  Bankruptcy Proceedings   

 On April 14, 2016 (the  Petition Date ), Energy XXI Ltd, EGC, EPL and certain other subsidiaries of Energy XXI Ltd (together with the Energy XXI Ltd, the  Debtors ) (excluding Energy XXI GIGS Services, LLC, which leases a subsea pipeline gathering system located in the shallow GoM Shelf and storage and onshore processing facilities on Grand Isle, Louisiana, Energy XXI Insurance Limited through which certain insurance coverage for its operations is obtained by the Company, Energy XXI (US Holdings) Limited, Energy XXI International Limited, Energy XXI Malaysia Limited and Energy XXI M21K, LLC, (together, the
 Non-Debtors )) filed voluntary petitions for reorganization (the petitions collectively, the  Bankruptcy Petitions ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division (the  Bankruptcy Court ) seeking relief under the provisions of chapter 11 of Title 11 ( Chapter 11 ) of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ). The Debtors  Chapter 11 cases (collectively, the  Chapter 11 Cases ) are being jointly administered under the caption  In re: Energy XXI Ltd, et al., Case No. 16-31928.  The Debtors continue to operate their businesses and manage their assets as debtors-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. Concurrently with the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions and to streamline the business operations and organization structure
following the emergence from Chapter 11 proceedings, Energy XXI Ltd filed a petition to commence an official dissolution under the laws of Bermuda (the  Bermuda Proceeding ) before the Supreme Court of Bermuda (the  Bermuda Court ). On April 15, 2016, John C. McKenna was appointed as provisional liquidator by the Supreme Court of Bermuda. The Bermuda Proceeding is a limited ancillary proceeding under which dissolution of Energy XXI Ltd will be completed following the confirmation of the Plan by the Bankruptcy Court, accordingly, the Bankruptcy Court retains primary jurisdiction over Energy XXI Ltd during the Chapter 11 proceedings. On November 4, 2016, the Bermuda Court granted the Debtors  request to adjourn the Bermuda Proceeding through March 3, 2017.  

 On April 26, 2016, the United States Trustee for the Southern District of Texas (the  U.S. Trustee ) appointed the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors (the  Creditors  Committee ). The Creditors  Committee is currently composed of the following members: (a) Wilmington Trust, National Association, as successor indenture trustee with respect to the EGC Unsecured Notes; (b) Axip Energy Services, LP; (c) Fab-Con, Incorporated; (d) Petroleum Solutions International, LLC; (e) B J Martin, Inc; (f) Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as successor indenture trustee with respect to the 3.0%
Senior Convertible Notes; and (g) Delaware Trust Company, as successor indenture trustee with respect to the EPL Unsecured Notes.  

56 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 On June 2, 2016, an ad hoc group of equity holders filed a motion seeking to appoint an official committee of equity holders pursuant to section 1102(a)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code (the  Equity Committee Motion ). The Equity Committee Motion was opposed by the Debtors, the Creditors  Committee, certain Second Lien Noteholders, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent under our Revolving Credit Facility, all of whom filed objections to the Equity Committee Motion. However, at an emergency hearing on the Equity Committee Motion on June 15, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court ruled that it would be appropriate to
appoint an equity committee, subject to certain limitations. On June 17, 2016, the U.S. Trustee appointed the Equity Committee.  

 On July 15, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered the  Order (A) Approving the Disclosure Statement and the Form and Manner of Service Related Thereto, (B) Setting Dates for the Objections Deadline and Hearing Related to Confirmation of the Plan, and (C) Granting Related Relief  [Docket No. 805], approving the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and related solicitation materials, thereby authorizing the Debtors to solicit votes to accept or reject the Plan from applicable creditor constituencies.  

 Following approval of the Disclosure Statement, the Debtors and their advisors engaged in negotiations with various creditor constituencies in an attempt to broker a global settlement of all issues in the Chapter 11 Cases. Such a settlement was not reached, but the Debtors were able to agree on modifications to the Plan that were supported by the Second Lien Noteholders, and that, in the Debtors  view, would, among other things, improve recoveries for certain creditor classes. Following subsequent negotiations between the Debtors and the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee, on September 13, 2016, the Debtors and certain Second
Lien Noteholders agreed to amend the Plan. The boards of directors of the Company, EGC and EPL, including all independent directors, approved such amendment.  

 On September 14, 2016, the Debtors filed an amended Plan reflecting the agreed modifications [Docket No. 1307] and on September 16, 2016, the Debtors filed a supplement to the Disclosure Statement explaining these modifications [Docket No. 1340] (the  First Disclosure Statement Supplement ). On September 25, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the First Disclosure Statement Supplement and continued solicitation of the Plan [Docket No. 1416]. 

  Mediation   

 In an effort to consensually resolve outstanding disputes among the parties in interest, representatives of (i) the Debtors, (ii)  the First Lien Agent, (iii) the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee, (iv) U.S. Bank, N.A, in its capacity as the trustee under the indenture governing the Second Lien Notes (the  Second Lien Indenture Trustee ), (v) the Creditors  Committee, (vi) the Equity Committee, (vii) the ad hoc group of holders of unsecured notes (the  EGC Unsecured Notes ) issued by EGC (the  Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders ), (viii) Wilmington Trust, National Association as the trustee
under the indenture governing the EGC Unsecured Notes (the  EGC Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee ), (ix) the ad hoc group of holders of the unsecured notes (the  EPL Unsecured Notes ) issued by EPL (the  Ad Hoc Group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders ), (x) Delaware Trust Company, as successor trustee under the indenture governing the EPL Unsecured Notes (the  EPL Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee ), and (xi) Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as successor trustee, under the indenture governing the 3.0% senior convertible notes (the  3.0% Senior Convertible Notes ) issued by Energy XXI (the  EXXI 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes Trustee ), (collectively, (i) through (xi), the  Mediation Parties ), agreed to participate in a confidential and non-binding mediation process (the  Mediation ), as discussed on the record at a hearing before the Bankruptcy Court on September 13, 2016. On September 16, 2016, the
Bankruptcy Court appointed Judge Leif Clark as the mediator pursuant to the  Order (A) Adjourning the Confirmation Hearing and Extending Related Deadlines, (B) Extending the Filing Exclusivity Period and Soliciting Exclusivity Period, and (C) Appointing a Mediator  [Docket No. 1337]. On September 27, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered the  Agreed Order in Aid of Mediation and Settlement  [Docket No. 1427] setting forth the terms of the Mediation (the  Mediation Order ).  

 The meetings in the Mediation facilitated by Judge Clark began on September 28, 2016 and continued for five days. Throughout these meetings proposals were made by the various creditor groups, including the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee, the Creditors  Committee, the Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured  

57 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 Noteholders, and the Ad Hoc Group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders, but the parties could not agree on the terms of a global settlement and Judge Clark concluded the formal meetings of the Mediation Parties. 

 Following the conclusion of the formal meetings, the Debtors continued a dialogue with the other Mediation Parties and with Judge Clark under the Mediation Order regarding a potential global settlement, and on October 17, 2016 circulated a mediation plan term sheet (the  Plan Mediation Term Sheet ) to the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee, the Creditors  Committee, the Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders, and the Ad Hoc Group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders. Further negotiations and discussions regarding the Plan Mediation Term Sheet followed, culminating in agreement on the terms of an amended plan of
reorganization that is now memorialized in the Plan and has the support of the Plan Support Parties (as defined below).  

 The Equity Committee also made a settlement proposal to the Debtors, but no agreement has been reached and, as of the date hereof, the Equity Committee does not support the Plan. 

  Plan Support Agreement  

 On November 14, 2016, following good-faith, arms  length negotiations, the Debtors, members of the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee, the Creditors  Committee, members of the Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders, and members of the Ad Hoc Group of EPL Noteholders entered into that certain Plan Support Agreement (the  PSA ), pursuant to which, among other things, and subject to certain limitations, the parties signatory thereto agreed to support the Plan as modified in accordance with the PSA and, subject to certain limitations, are bound to vote in favor of the Plan. 

 The Plan, as modified, is supported by the Debtors, the holders of claims arising from the Second Lien Notes (the  Second Lien Notes Claims ) who are members of the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee who have executed the PSA (the  Second Lien Plan Support Parties ), the Second Lien Notes Trustee, the Creditors  Committee, the EXXI 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes Trustee, the EGC Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee, the holders of claims arising from the EGC Unsecured Notes (the  EGC Unsecured Notes Claims ) who are members of the ad hoc group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders who have executed the PSA (the
 EGC Plan Support Parties ), the EPL Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee, and the holders of claims arising from the EPL unsecured Notes (the  EPL Unsecured Notes Claims ) who are members of the ad hoc group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders who have executed the PSA (the  EPL Plan Support Parties ) (collectively, and together with any such parties that may enter into the PSA in accordance with its terms, the  Plan Support Parties ).  

 The independent directors at EGC and EPL, and their respective legal counsel and financial advisor, reviewed and evaluated the PSA, as well as provided input and feedback regarding Plan modifications of which each, respectively, would be supportive. The EGC and EPL independent directors, taking all available facts and circumstances into account, ultimately determined that entry into the PSA was, and consummation of the Plan was, in the best interests of the estates of EGC and EPL, respectively, and recommended that the boards of directors of EGC and EPL approved the entry into the PSA and authorize the filing of the amended
Plan and the second supplement to the Disclosure Statement to effectuate the PSA (the  Second Disclosure Statement Supplement ). The boards of directors, boards of managers and sole member of each of the Debtors, as applicable, also approved the entry into the PSA and authorized the filing of the amended Plan and Second Disclosure Statement Supplement to effectuate the PSA. 

 Pursuant to the PSA, each of the Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the EGC Plan Support Parties and the EPL Plan Support Parties has agreed to, among other things, and subject to certain conditions: (i) take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to consummate the restructuring in accordance with the Plan, including voting any claim it holds against the Debtors to accept the Plan, (ii) not withdraw, amend or revoke its vote with respect to the Plan and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to support and not object to, delay, impede or take any other action to interfere with the restructuring as contemplated by the
Plan or propose file, support, or vote for any alternative restructuring or plan of reorganization.  

 In accordance with the PSA, the Creditors  Committee has agreed to, among other things, and subject to certain conditions: (i) take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to consummate the restructuring in accordance with the Plan, (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to support and not object to, delay, impede  

58 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 or take any other action to interfere with the restructuring contemplated by the Plan or propose file, support, or vote for any alternative restructuring or plan of reorganization and (iii) submit a letter recommending that unsecured creditors vote in favor of the Plan. 

 Pursuant to the PSA, each of the Debtors has agreed to, among other things, and subject to certain conditions: (i) support and make commercially reasonable efforts to complete the restructuring in accordance with the Milestones (as defined below) set forth in the Plan and the PSA, (ii) take any and all necessary and appropriate actions in furtherance of the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, the Plan and the PSA, (iii) not undertake any action inconsistent with the adoption and implementation of the Plan and the confirmation thereof; (iv) timely file a formal objection to any motion filed with the Bankruptcy Court seeking the entry of
an order (A) directing the appointment of a trustee or examiner, (B) converting the Chapter 11 Cases into cases under chapter 7 of the Chapter 11 Cases or (C) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases and (v) timely file a formal objection to any motion filed with the Bankruptcy Court seeking the entry of an order modifying or terminating the Debtors  exclusive right to file and/or solicit acceptances of a plan of reorganization. The Debtors may receive (but not solicit) proposals or offers for any chapter 11 plan or restructuring transaction from other parties and discuss such alternative transactions received; provided, however, the Debtors must provide a copy of any written offer or proposal (and notice of all terms of any oral offer or proposal) to the legal and financial advisors of each of the Plan Support Parties.  

 Additionally, in accordance with the PSA, the Debtors agreed to implement the restructuring transactions contemplated by the PSA on the following timeline (the  Milestones ): 

no later than December 15, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court will have commenced the Confirmation Hearing;  

no later than December 31, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court will have entered the Confirmation Order; and  

no later than January 31, 2017, the date that Debtors will consummate the transactions contemplated by the Plan (the date of such consummation, the  Effective Date ) will have occurred.  

The PSA is terminable by the Second Lien Plan Support Parties who hold, in the aggregate, at least 66.6% in principal amount outstanding of the Second Lien Notes Claims held by the Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the Creditors  Committee, the EGC Plan Support Parties who hold, in the aggregate, at least 66.6% in principal amount outstanding of the EGC Unsecured Notes Claims held by the EGC Plan Support Parties and the EPL Plan Support Parties who hold, in the aggregate, at least 66.6% in principal amount outstanding of the EPL Unsecured Notes Claims held by the EPL Plan Support Parties upon the occurrence of certain
termination events, which include but are not limited to (i) the failure of the Debtors to meet any of the Milestones; (ii) the conversion of one or more of the Chapter 11 Cases to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, (iii)  any Debtor (a) filing, amending or modifying, or filing a pleading seeking authority to amend or modify, the definitive documentation in connection with the restructuring contemplated by the PSA in a manner that is inconsistent with the PSA, the Plan, or the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, (b) revoking the restructuring transactions in accordance with the PSA without prior consent or (c) publicly announces its intention to take such acts, (iv) a material breach by any Debtor or the Creditors  Committee of any representation, warranty or covenant in the PSA that could reasonably be expected to impair the economic treatment provided under the Plan Mediation Term Sheet and (v) any board, director, officer, or manager (or party with authority to act) of a
Debtor (or the Debtors themselves) taking any action in furtherance of the rights available to it that are inconsistent with the restructuring as contemplated by the Plan Mediation Term Sheet.  

 The PSA is terminable by Debtors upon the occurrence of certain termination events, which include but are not limited to (i) a material breach by a Plan Support Party of any representation, warranty or covenant set forth in the PSA that could reasonably be expected to prevent confirmation of the Plan in accordance with the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, (ii) upon notice to the Plan Support Parties, if the board of directors or board of managers, as applicable, of a Debtor determines, after receiving advice from counsel, that proceeding with the restructuring contemplated by the Plan would be inconsistent with the exercise of its
fiduciary duties or (iii) the issuance by any governmental authority, including the Bankruptcy Court, any regulatory authority, or  

59 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 any other court of competent jurisdiction, of any ruling or order that could reasonably be expected to prevent confirmation of the Plan in accordance with the Plan Mediation Term Sheet; provided, however, that the Debtors have made commercially reasonable, good faith efforts to cure, vacate, or have overruled such ruling or order prior to terminating the PSA. Additionally, the individual creditor parties to the PSA may terminate the PSA as to themselves under certain conditions.  

  The Plan and the Second Disclosure Statement Supplement   

 The key modifications to the Plan under the PSA include: 

An increase of the distribution to the general unsecured claims against the Debtors from $850,000 to $1,470,000, resulting in an increase in the estimated percentage recoveries for holders of such general unsecured claims from approximately 4.3% to approximately 7.5%. 

The elimination of EGC Intercompany Note Trust previously proposed to resolve certain intercompany causes of action. All disputes that were formerly placed in the EGC Intercompany Note Trust are now to be settled pursuant to the Plan. 

A certain recovery, not subject to the litigation risk of the outcome of the now-deleted EGC Intercompany Note Trust, for holders of the EGC Unsecured Notes Claims and holders of the EPL Unsecured Notes Claims. 

Each holder of an EGC Unsecured Notes Claim (other than EGC) will receive under the Plan such holder s pro rata share of (i) 12% of the New Equity in the New Entity, subject to dilution by the Management Incentive Plan and the New Warrant Package, and (ii) the EGC New Warrant Package. EGC will receive no distribution on account of the approximately $471 million face value of EGC Unsecured Notes Claims asserted by EGC. 

Each holder of an EPL Unsecured Notes Claim (other than EGC) will receive such holder s pro rata share of (i) 4% of the New Equity, subject to dilution by the Management Incentive Plan and the New Warrant Package and (ii) the EPL New Warrant Package. EGC will receive no distribution on account of the approximately $267 million face value of EPL Unsecured Notes Claims asserted by EGC. 

A warrant package to (i) the holders of EGC Unsecured Notes Claims consisting of warrants equal to an aggregate of 3.6% of the New Equity, subject to dilution from the Management Incentive Plan, with a maturity of 5 years and an equity strike price equal to $1,450 million (the  EGC New Warrant Package ) and (ii) a warrant package equal to an aggregate of 2.4% of the New Equity, subject to dilution from the Management Incentive Plan, with a maturity of 5 years and an equity strike price equal to $1,450 million (the  EPL New Warrant Package  and together with the EGC New Warrant Package, the  New Warrant Package ). 

A cash recovery to holders of the 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes Claims and a corresponding increase in the estimated percentage recoveries for holders of the 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes Claims to approximately 0.5%. 

Each holder of a First Lien Claim will receive such holder s pro rata share of the reorganized Debtors  obligations under new exit financing (the  Exit Facility ), having already received a pro rata share of the approximately $30.1 million of restricted cash maintained by the Company. 

Settlement of key issues raised (solely for purposes of effectuating this settlement) by parties in interest pursuant to sections 363 and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 9019 of certain potential intercompany causes of action, claims and challenges. 

Provision for the payment of up to approximately $22.53 million of certain fees of legal, financial, and management advisor and industry consultant professionals supporting the Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders and the Ad Hoc Group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders.  

60 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 As amended, the Plan still provides, among other things, that: 

The dissolution of Energy XXI Ltd will be completed under the laws of Bermuda following the confirmation of the Plan by the Bankruptcy Court, and, given that it is unlikely to have assets available for distribution, existing equity holders would not receive any distributions in respect of that equity in that dissolution. 

The Management Incentive Plan will be capped at 5%; and 

John D. Schiller, Jr. will serve as the New Entity s Chief Executive Officer and a member of its board of directors.  

On November 14, 2016, the Debtors filed an  Emergency Motion for Entry of an Order (A) Approving the Adequacy of the Second Supplement to the Debtors  Third Amended Disclosure Statement Setting Forth Modifications to the Debtors  Proposed Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization and the Continued Solicitation of the Plan and (B) Granting Related Relief  (such motion, the  Second Disclosure Statement Supplement Motion ). A hearing on the Second Disclosure Statement Supplement Motion is scheduled for November 14, 2016 at which the Debtors will ask the Bankruptcy Court to enter an order approving the
Second Disclosure Statement Supplement and approving further solicitation of the Plan.  

 The Debtors have filed a scheduling order (the  Scheduling Order ) proposing to hold the Confirmation Hearing on December 8, 2016, but this date may change depending upon the outcome of, among other things, the developments in the Chapter 11 Cases.  

  Reorganization Process   

 On the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court issued certain interim and final orders with respect to the Debtors  first-day motions and other operating motions that allow the Debtors to operate their businesses in the ordinary course. The first-day motions provided for, among other things, the payment of certain pre-petition employee and retiree expenses and benefits, the use of the Debtors' existing cash management system, the payment of certain pre-petition amounts to certain critical vendors, the ability to pay certain pre-petition taxes and regulatory fees, and the payment of certain pre-petition claims owed on account
of insurance policies and programs.  

 Subject to certain exceptions under the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions automatically enjoined, or stayed, the continuation of any judicial or administrative proceedings or other actions against the Debtors or their property to recover, collect or secure a pre-petition claim. Thus, for example, most creditor actions to obtain possession of property from the Debtors, or to create, perfect or enforce any lien against the Debtors' property, or to collect on monies owed or otherwise exercise rights or remedies with respect to a pre-petition claim are enjoined unless and until the Bankruptcy Court lifts the
automatic stay under Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code.  

 Under Section 365 and other relevant sections of the Bankruptcy Code, the Debtors' may assume, assume and assign, or reject certain executory contracts and unexpired leases, including leases of real property and equipment, subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court and certain other conditions. The rejection of an executory contract or unexpired lease is generally treated as a pre-petition breach of such executory contract or unexpired lease and, subject to certain exceptions, relieves Debtors of performing their future obligations under such executory contract or unexpired lease but may give rise to a pre-petition
general unsecured claim for damages caused by such deemed breach. On July 8, 2016, the Debtors filed a motion for an order to extend time to assume or reject unexpired leases of nonresidential real property from August 15, 2016 through and including November 14, 2016 (the  Motion to Extend Time to Assume or Reject Unexpired Leases ). On July 27, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Motion to Extend Time to Assume or Reject Unexpired Leases. On July 26, 2016, the Debtors filed a motion to reject executory contracts, for certain contracts contained therein. On August 23, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court granted the Debtors  motion in the  Order (A) Authorizing the Debtors to Reject Certain Executory Contracts Effective Nunc Pro Tunc to July 26, 2016, and (B) Granting Related Relief  [Docket No. 1133].  

 A Chapter 11 plan (including the Plan) determines the rights and satisfaction of claims of various creditors and security holders and is subject to the ultimate outcome of negotiations and the Bankruptcy  

61 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 Court's decisions through the date on which a Chapter 11 plan (including the Plan) is confirmed. The Plan currently provides mechanisms for settlement of the Debtors' pre-petition obligations, changes to certain operational cost drivers, treatment of our existing equity holders, potential income tax liabilities and certain corporate governance and administrative matters pertaining to the reorganized New Entity. The Plan remains subject to revision based upon discussions with the Plan Support Parties, and thereafter in response to any Plan objections and the requirements of the Bankruptcy Code or the Bankruptcy Court. There can
be no assurance that the Debtors will be able to secure Bankruptcy Court approval of the Plan or any other Chapter 11 plan or that the Plan or any other Chapter 11 plan will be accepted by the classes of creditors entitled to vote thereon.  

 Under the Bankruptcy Code, unless creditors agree otherwise, pre-petition liabilities and post-petition liabilities must be satisfied in full before stockholders are entitled to receive any distribution or retain any property under a Chapter 11 plan (including the Plan). The ultimate recovery to creditors and/or stockholders, if any, will not be determined until confirmation of a Chapter 11 plan (including the Plan). No assurance can be given as to what values, if any, will be ascribed to each of these constituencies or what types or amounts of distributions, if any, they would receive. A Chapter 11 plan (including the Plan)
could result in holders of certain liabilities and/or securities, including common stock, receiving no distribution on account of their interests. Because of such possibilities, there is significant uncertainty regarding the value of our liabilities and securities, including our common stock. At this time, there is no assurance we will be able to restructure as a going concern or successfully propose or implement a Chapter 11 plan (including the Plan).  

 We filed the Disclosure Statement, Plan and a motion seeking, among other things, (i) approval of the Disclosure Statement, (ii) approval of procedures for soliciting, receiving, and tabulating votes on the Plan and for filing objections to the Plan, and (iii) to schedule the Confirmation Hearing on May 20, 2016. Subsequently, we filed amended versions of the Disclosure Statement and Plan on June 14, 2016, July 13, 2016, September 14, 2016, September 23, 2016 and again on November 14, 2016. The amendments reflected, among other things, substantial additional disclosures requested by certain creditor constituencies. The
amendments also reflected changes to the proposed treatment of certain classes under the Plan.  

 The Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Disclosure Statement with respect to the Plan on July 15, 2016, and we filed a solicitation version of the Disclosure Statement on July 18, 2016. Under the Bankruptcy Code, only holders of claims or interests in  impaired  classes, as defined under section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code, are entitled to vote on a plan. Ballots to vote to accept or reject the plan were distributed to creditors entitled to vote on the plan between July 22, 2016 and July 25, 2016. On September 22, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court held a hearing to consider the adequacy of the DS Supplement
reflecting certain changes to the Plan. The Bankruptcy Court approved the DS Supplement on September 25, 2016. The Bankruptcy Court will hold an additional hearing on the adequacy of the Second Disclosure Statement Supplement, which reflects the terms of the Plan as amended pursuant to the PSA. The Debtors will distribute the Second Disclosure Statement Supplement and related solicitation materials to creditors entitled to vote on the Plan, to enable creditors to vote on the Plan as amended. The Debtors  have proposed in their Scheduling Order that the deadline to submit a vote to accept or reject the Plan be December 2, 2016 at 4:00 P.M., central time and that the Confirmation Hearing to consider confirmation of the Plan be scheduled for December 8, 2016 before the Bankruptcy Court but these dates may change depending upon the outcome of, among other things, the developments in the Chapter 11 Cases.  

 Even if our Plan meets other requirements under the Bankruptcy Code, creditors may not vote in favor of our Plan, and certain parties in interest may file objections to the Plan in an effort to persuade the Bankruptcy Court that we have not satisfied the confirmation requirements under section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code. Further, even if no objections are filed and the requisite acceptances of our Plan are received from creditors entitled to vote on the Plan, the Bankruptcy Court, which can exercise substantial discretion, may not confirm the Plan.  

 For periods subsequent to filing the Bankruptcy Petitions, we have applied the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 852,  Reorganizations , in preparing the consolidated financial statements. ASC 852 requires that the financial statements distinguish transactions and events that are directly associated with the reorganization from the ongoing operations of the business.  

62 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 Accordingly, professional fees incurred in the Chapter 11 Cases have been recorded in a reorganization line item on the consolidated statements of operations. In addition, the pre-petition obligations that may be impacted by the bankruptcy reorganization process have been classified on the consolidated balance sheets in liabilities subject to compromise. These liabilities are reported at the amounts expected to be allowed by the Bankruptcy Court, even if they may be settled for lesser amounts.  

  Going Concern Matters   

 The consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. However, the Chapter 11 Cases and sustained depressed commodity prices raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  

 The consolidated financial statements and related notes do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or to the amounts and classification of liabilities or any other adjustments that would be required should we be unable to continue as a going concern.  

  Liquidity After Chapter 11 Proceedings   

 Upon our emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases, we are required to have under the new exit financing (the  Exit Facility ) liquidity of at least $90 million (the  Minimum Cash Balance ) per the Exit Facility Term Sheet with the Lenders under our First Lien Credit Agreement attached to the Plan as Exhibit 1 (the  Exit Facility Term Sheet ). While we expect the Exit Facility and Minimum Cash Balance to be available under the Plan, we may not be able to access adequate funding in the future as there will be no remaining available borrowing capacity contemplated under the Exit Facility, and there is no
certainty that any new capacity will be created or that the Exit Facility may be refinanced on economically advantageous terms, and the Minimum Cash Balance and anticipated cash flow from operating activities will be adequate to execute our corporate strategies may not be sufficient to otherwise fund our operations. Additionally, there are certain risks and uncertainties that could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. Sustained declines in prices for commodities may also put downward pressure on cash provided from our operations.  

 Exit Facility  

 As contemplated by the Exit Facility Term Sheet, which is subject to change and to be considered in connection with Plan confirmation, we anticipate that the New Entity will enter into the Exit Facility comprised of the following tranches: (i) conversion of the remaining drawn amount, net of related restricted cash, of approximately $69 million plus accrued default interest into a new term loan (the  Exit Term Loan ) with the New Entity and (ii) the conversion of the former EGC tranche of the Revolving Credit Facility into a new EGC sub-facility (the  EGC Facility ). The Exit Term Loan will have a maturity
of three years with an annual interest rate of LIBOR plus 4.5%, payable monthly. The EGC Facility will have a maturity of three years with an annual interest rate of 4.5%, payable on a schedule consistent with the Revolving Credit Facility. Existing letters of credit may be renewed or replaced (in each case, in an outstanding amount not to exceed the outstanding amount of the existing letter of credit). Availability under the Exit Facility will be permanently reduced by one-half of the amount of any reduction resulting from replacement or cancellation of an outstanding letter of credit. Any amount of cancellation or reduction that does not permanently reduce capacity will be available for the New Entity to fund new liquidity (the  New Funded Debt ). Such New Funded Debt in excess of $25 million will be subject to borrowing base redetermination. Pursuant to the Exit Facility, the New Entity and its subsidiaries will be subject to certain financial maintenance covenants and, in
the case of the Exit Term Loan, amortization covenants.  

 Known Trends and Uncertainties  

  Commodity Price Volatility and Impact on our Results of Operations.   Prices for oil and natural gas historically have been volatile and are expected to continue to be volatile. Oil and natural gas prices declined significantly during fiscal year 2015 and the decline continued with lower prices throughout fiscal year 2016 and to date. The posted price per barrel for West Texas intermediate light sweet crude oil, or WTI, for the period from October 1, 2014 to September 30, 2016 ranged from a high of $91.01 to a low of $26.21, a  

63 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 decrease of 71.2%, and the NYMEX natural gas price per MMBtu for the period October 1, 2014 to September 30, 2016 ranged from a high of $4.49 to a low of $1.64, a decrease of 63.5%. As of September 30, 2016, the spot market price for WTI was $48.24. Oil prices remain depressed in 2016, with the price of WTI crude oil per barrel dropping below $27.00 in February 2016 for the first time in twelve years. Although oil prices have rebounded above $40.00 per barrel through October 2016, there is still significant volatility in commodity prices and these prices are still significantly lower than the industry has experienced in recent
years. The recent declines in oil and natural gas prices have adversely affected our financial position and results of operations and the quantities of oil and natural gas reserves that we can economically produce.  

  Exploration and Production ( E P ) Bankruptcies.   In the United States, several E P companies with substantial debt filed for bankruptcy protection between July 2014 and October 2016. With the continued market instability, numerous E P companies have been forced to stop drilling new wells   the core of an E P company s business   and cut capital expenditures, as it is not economically feasible to undertake capital intensive projects at current prices. Others have been forced to sell off assets at severe discounts, or even stop operations altogether.
The Company along with the independent directors at EGC and EPL has determined that commencing the Chapter 11 Cases to implement the restructuring would maximize value for its stakeholders.  

  Reserve Quantities.   A prolonged period of depressed commodity prices could have a significant impact on the value and volumetric quantities of our proved reserve portfolio. At September 30, 2016, our total proved reserves were 85.2 MMBOE. The unweighted arithmetic average first-day-of-the-month prices adjusted for differentials used to determine our reserves as of September 30, 2016 were $40.16 per barrel of oil, $19.13 per barrel for NGLs and $1.99 per MMBtu for natural gas. As of September 30, 2016, we had no proved undeveloped reserves within the proved reserve category. The Company s proved reserves
declined significantly compared to prior years and may decline in future years.  

  Ceiling Test Write-down.   During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized write-downs of our oil and natural gas properties totaling $86.8 million. The write-downs did not impact our cash flows from operating activities but substantially contributed to our net loss for the period and increased our stockholders  deficit. Further ceiling test write-downs will be required if oil and natural gas prices remain low or decline further, unproved property values decrease, estimated proved reserve volumes are revised downward or the net capitalized cost of proved oil and natural gas properties
otherwise exceeds the present value of estimated future net cash flows.  

  Decreasing Service Costs.   We have also seen a significant and continuing reduction in rig rates and drilling costs, which should allow us to spend less capital drilling our development wells than in prior periods.  

  BOEM Supplemental Financial Assurance and/or Bonding Requirements.   As of September 30, 2016, we had $388.4 million of performance bonds outstanding and $225 million in letters of credit issued to a third party relating to assets in the Gulf of Mexico. We are a lessee and operator of oil and natural gas leases on the federal OCS and our operations on these leases in the Gulf of Mexico are subject to regulation by the BSEE and the BOEM. These leases require compliance with detailed BSEE and BOEM regulations and orders issued pursuant to various federal laws. Consequently, as of September 30, 2016, we have
submitted approximately $226.7 million of our performance bonds in the form of general or supplemental bonds issued to the BOEM that may be accessed and used by the BOEM to assure our commitment to comply with our lease obligations, including decommissioning obligations. We also maintain approximately $161.7 million in performance bonds issued not to the BOEM but rather to predecessor third party assignors, including certain state regulatory bodies, of certain of the wells and facilities on these leases pursuant to a contractual commitment made by us to those third parties at the time of assignment with respect to the eventual decommissioning of those wells and facilities.  

 In April 2015, we received letters from the BOEM stating that certain of our subsidiaries no longer qualify for exemption from certain supplemental bonding requirements for potential offshore decommissioning obligations and that certain of our subsidiaries must provide approximately $1,000 million in supplemental bonding or other financial assurance for our offshore oil and gas leases, rights-of-way, and rights-of-use and easements. In October 2015, we received information from the BOEM that we could receive additional demands of supplemental bonding or other financial assurance for amounts in addition to the $1,000 million

64 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 initially sought by the BOEM in April 2015, primarily relating to certain leases in which we have a legal interest that were no longer exempt from supplemental bonding as a result of co-lessees losing their exemptions. Since April 2015, we have had a series of discussions and exchanges of information with the BOEM regarding our submittal of additional supplemental bonding or other financial assurance with respect to offshore oil and gas interests that has resulted in, among other things: (i) our submittal of $150 million and $21.1 million in supplemental bonds to the BOEM in June 2015 and December 2015, respectively (which bond
amounts are reflected in the $226.7 million in general and/or supplemental bonds discussed above); (ii) our selling of the East Bay field on June 30, 2015 that served to reduce by $178 million the $1,000 million of supplemental bonding or other financial assurance required by the BOEM in April 2015; and (iii) the BOEM s agreement to, and execution of, the Long-Term Plan on February 25, 2016 that is intended to address the supplemental bonding and other financial assurance concerns expressed to us by the BOEM in April and October 2015.  

 As required by our Long-Term Plan, we must perform, among other things, the following activities (numbers in parentheses correspond to numbers in the Long-Term Plan): (3) use our best commercial efforts to have the BOEM included as an additional obligee under our third-party bonds by July 1, 2016; (4) provide additional financial assurance as may be required under the applicable BOEM requirements with respect to any of our pending or future plans or activities for offshore leasing, exploration or development, including any permitting or assignment associated with such plans or activities (but excluding certain internal
restructuring assignments or transfers between us and our subsidiaries or our affiliates, EPL and M21K); (5) pursue a multi-obligee security acceptable to the BOEM with respect to letters of credit covering certain properties acquired by us by July 1, 2016, or submit to the BOEM a plan for providing to the BOEM other satisfactory forms of financial assurance with respect those properties covered by such letters of credit; (6) with respect to certain of our operated properties with active non-waived co-lessees, make diligent efforts to negotiate with our co-lessees to achieve full financial assurance for certain of such offshore facility interests by submitting a plan for these properties by July 1, 2016; (7) work with the BOEM and BSEE in reconciling data discrepancies identified by us within the time allotted by the Long-Term Plan for posting the bonds on the affected properties; (8) work with BOEM and our insurers to potentially receive credit for our energy insurance package; and
(9) work with the third-party operators of our non-operated interests to address our proportionate share of any supplemental bond demands on these non-operated properties. A primary belief that we held in the development of the Long-Term Plan was that a substantial portion of the financial assurance that could be sought by the BOEM based on the information received in October 2015 may relate to circumstances that could eventually be removed from our responsibility (in terms of providing added bonding or assurance) including, for example, lease interests of co-lessees, leases that have since been divested by us, and leases where we are not the permitted operator and no drilling of wells has occurred. Our expectation is that most, if not all, of our co-lessees with the remaining working interest in such lease interests will provide their share of the bonding.  

 It is anticipated that we will continue to perform our obligations under the Long-Term Plan during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases and in connection with the consummation of our restructuring. On April 26, 2016, pursuant to the redetermination of our plugging and abandonment liabilities with the third party, it was agreed that subsequent to the Company s emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases, the letters of credit issued in favor of the third party would be reduced to $200 million from the existing amount of $225 million. We submitted an amended and supplemental plan to the BOEM on June 28, 2016 pursuant to which we
will continue to pursue, among other things, certain of the tasks described above in a manner as further set forth in the amended and supplemental long term plan. We are currently awaiting their further response.  

 On July 14, 2016, the BOEM issued a new NTL regarding the need for additional security to satisfy decommissioning obligations and eliminating previous exemptions from the posting of financial assurances. Consistent with the BOEM s planned implementation of the new NTL, we received proposal letters in October 2016 outlining what additional security the BOEM proposes to require from us and other parties liable for lease, ROW, and RUE decommissioning obligations. We are reviewing these proposal letters for accuracy and, as permitted by the proposal letters, expect to submit notice to the BOEM of our election to dispute
certain of the proposed amounts included therein. We intend to work cooperatively with BOEM to determine the appropriate amount of financial assurances required to be posted pursuant to the new NTL.  

65 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 Notwithstanding the BOEM s July 14, 2016 NTL, the BOEM may also bolster its financial assurance requirements mandated by rule for all companies operating in federal waters. The future cost of compliance with our existing supplemental bonding requirements, including the obligations imposed upon us under the Long-Term Plan and the July 14, 2016 NTL, any other future BOEM directives, or any other changes to the BOEM s rules applicable to us or our subsidiaries  properties could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. In addition, although we currently have
$49.6 million (of which $0.3 million was paid in October 2016) in cash collateral provided to surety companies associated with the bonding requirements of the BOEM and third party assignors, we may be required to provide additional cash collateral in the future to support the issuance of such bonds or other financial security. While we are currently in compliance, we can provide no future assurance that we can continue to obtain bonds or other surety in all cases or that we will have sufficient operating cash flows to support such supplemental bonding requirements. If we are unable to obtain the additional required bonds or assurances as requested, the BOEM may have any of our operations on federal leases to be suspended or cancelled or otherwise impose monetary penalties and one or more of such actions could have a material effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.  

  Oil Spill Response Plan.   We maintain a Regional Oil Spill Response Plan (the  OSRP ) that defines our response requirements, procedures and remediation plans in the event we have an oil spill. Oil Spill Response Plans are approved by the BSEE. The OSRP is reviewed annually and updated as necessary, which updates also require BSEE approval. The OSRP specifications are consistent with the requirements set forth by the BSEE. Additionally, the OSRP is tested and drills are conducted annually at all levels of the Company.  

 We have contracted with a spill response management consultant to provide management expertise, personnel and equipment, under our supervision, in the event of an incident requiring a coordinated response. Additionally, we are a member of Clean Gulf Associates ( CGA ), a not-for-profit association of producing and pipeline companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico that has the appropriate equipment, including aircraft dispersant capabilities through its contract with Airborne Support Inc. and access to appropriate personnel to simultaneously respond to multiple spills. In the event of a spill, CGA mobilizes
appropriate equipment and personnel to CGA members.  

  Hurricanes.   Since the majority of our production originates in the Gulf of Mexico, we are particularly vulnerable to the effects of hurricanes on production. Significant hurricane impacts could include reductions and/or deferrals of future oil and natural gas production and revenues, increased lease operating expenses for evacuations and repairs and possible acceleration of plugging and abandonment costs.  

 Operational Information  

66 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

67 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 Results of Operations  

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared With the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

 Our consolidated net loss attributable to common stockholders for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $131.1 million or $1.34 diluted net loss per common share ( per share ) as compared to a net loss of $576.2 million or $6.08 per share for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Decrease in net loss was primarily due to lower impairment of oil and natural gas properties, lower interest expense, lower depreciation, depletion and amortization ( DD A ) and lower lease operating expenses, partially offset by no gain on early extinguishment of debt.  

 Revenues  

Our consolidated revenues decreased $115.2 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year. Lower revenues were primarily due to lower oil sales prices, lower oil and natural gas sales volumes and no gain on derivative financial instruments during the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Revenue variances related to commodity prices, sales volumes and hedging activities are presented in the following table and described below.  

 Price and Volume Variances  

Price Variances  

 Commodity prices are one of the key drivers of our earnings and net operating cash flow. Lower commodity prices decreased revenues by $64.8 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year. Average oil prices decreased $2.67 per barrel in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016, resulting in lower revenues of $10.4 million. Average natural gas prices increased $0.11 per Mcf in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016, resulting in higher revenues of $1.0 million. For the first quarter of fiscal 2017,
our hedging activities  

68 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 resulted in no gain compared to a gain of $10.23 per BOE for the same period in the prior fiscal year, resulting in lower revenues of $55.4 million. The gain on derivatives for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 reflects a gain on settlements and monetization of our derivative contracts of approximately $4.16 per barrel of oil.  

 Commodity prices are affected by many factors that are outside of our control and we cannot accurately predict future commodity prices. Depressed commodity prices over an extended period of time will result in reduced cash from operating activities, potentially causing us to further reduce our capital expenditure program. As a result of our high level of indebtedness and commodity prices, we have significantly reduced our planned capital spending, and such curtailment of the development of our properties will eventually lead to a decline in our production and reserves which would further reduce our liquidity and ability to
satisfy our debt obligations by negatively impacting our cash flow from operating activities and the value of our assets.  

 Volume Variances  

 Sales volumes are another key driver of our earnings and net operating cash flow. Oil sales volumes decreased 11.0 MBbls per day in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year, resulting in lower revenues of $43.7 million. Natural gas sales volumes decreased by 27.6 Mcfe per day in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year, resulting in lower revenues of $6.8 million. Sales volumes decreased because of natural well declines, reduced drilling activity resulting in less new production, and irregular downtime due to third party pipelines.
In the low commodity price environment, we expect to see further production declines due to natural declines and limited activity in the fields.  

 Costs and Expenses and Other (Income) Expense  

Costs and expenses decreased $939.7 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year, principally due to lower impairment of oil and natural gas properties of $817.8 million. In addition, costs and expenses included lower DD A, lower lease operating expense and lower general and administrative expense, principally due to factors discussed further below.  

69 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 At the end of each quarter, we compare the present value of estimated future net cash flows from proved reserves (computed using the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month historical price for each month within the previous 12-month period discounted at 10%, plus the lower of cost or fair market value of unproved properties and excluding cash flows related to estimated abandonment costs) to our full cost pool of oil and natural gas properties, net of related deferred taxes. We refer to this comparison as a  ceiling test.  If the net capitalized costs of these oil and gas properties exceed the
estimated discounted future net cash flows, we are required to write-down the value of our oil and natural gas properties to the value of the discounted cash flows. As a result of our ceiling test at September 30, 2016, we recognized ceiling test impairments of our oil and natural gas properties totaling $86.8 million during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  

 Lease operating expense decreased $25.8 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year. This decrease was primarily due to lower direct lease operating expenses stemming from declining service costs resulting from the decline in commodity prices, lower workover expenses and decrease in demand for oil field services.  

 DD A expense decreased $92.5 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year, primarily due to a decrease in the DD A per BOE rate of $14.97. The decrease in the DD A rate in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was primarily due to the reduction in our full cost pool due to the impairments of our oil and natural gas properties in prior quarterly periods of fiscal year 2016 and 2015 resulting from the ceiling test, partially offset by the reduction in proved reserve estimates.  

 General and administrative expense decreased $6.8 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year, primarily due to lower employee salary costs and lower stock-based compensation, partially offset by lower capitalized amounts.  

 In the first quarter of fiscal 2016, we repurchased approximately $210.1 million, $253.7 million, $123.7 million and $3.8 million in aggregate principal amount of the 6.875% Senior Notes due 2024, the 7.5% Senior Notes due 2021, the 7.75% Senior Notes due 2019 and the 9.25% Senior Notes due 2017, respectively, in open market transactions at a total price of approximately $123.2 million, and we recorded a gain on the repurchase of approximately $458.3 million, which amount is net of associated debt issuance costs.  

 Interest expense decreased $98.4 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year, primarily due to discontinuance of recording interest on debt classified as liabilities subject to compromise on the Petition Date in accordance with ASC 852. On a per unit of production basis, interest expense decreased from $19.04 per BOE to $1.21 per BOE. The Contractual interest on liabilities subject to compromise not reflected in the consolidated statements of operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was approximately $61.7 million, or $15.46 per BOE.  

 Income Tax Expense  

 We recorded no income tax expense in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. For the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we have determined our quarterly income tax expense (benefit) on a year-to-date basis, as, when considering the uncertainty from the pending restructuring events in the upcoming bankruptcy court proceedings, we do not believe that we are able to make a reliable determination of annual pre-tax income or loss. This is a change in estimation procedure from prior periods that results from the uncertainty of the effects of the bankruptcy proceeding. Please see Note 16   Income Taxes of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report.  

 Liquidity and Capital Resources  

 As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $215.7 million and no available borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2016, the total carrying value of our indebtedness was $2,864.2 million of which $2,763.9 million is classified as liabilities subject to compromise and $100.3 million is classified as current on our consolidated balance sheets. Our current indebtedness of $100.3 million of secured indebtedness outstanding consists of $99.4 million under our Revolving Credit Facility and $0.9 million of payment  in-kind  ( PIK ) interest under
a restructuring term sheet with the Lenders under First Lien Credit Agreement. Our indebtedness classified as liabilities subject to  

70 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 compromise includes our debt owed to third parties comprised of $1,450 million of Second Lien Notes, $4.6 million in other secured indebtedness and $1,309.3 million of unsecured notes. These amounts do not include the $325 million intercompany note owed to EGC by EPL, the $266.6 million of EPL s 8.25% Senior Notes repurchased by EGC in open market transactions and which continue to be held by EGC, the $471.1 million of EGC s 9.25% Senior Notes due 2017 purchased by EGC in open market transactions and which continue to be held by EGC, or potentially certain of the Debtors  other intercompany payable balances,
which may also be eliminated by the Plan.  

  Liquidity Before Filing Under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code   

 We have historically funded our operations primarily through cash flows from operating activities, borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities and proceeds from asset sales. However, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, and are highly dependent on the prices we receive for oil and natural gas. Oil and natural gas prices declined severely during fiscal year 2015 and have declined even further with lower prices throughout 2016. The price of WTI crude oil per barrel dropped below $27.00 per barrel in January 2016 for the first time in twelve years.
Although oil prices have rebounded above $40.00 per barrel through October 2016, there is still significant volatility in commodity prices and these prices are still significantly lower than the industry has experienced in recent years. These lower commodity prices have negatively impacted revenues, earnings and cash flows, and sustained low oil and natural gas prices will have a material and adverse effect on our liquidity position.  

 As a result of continued decreases in commodity prices and our substantial debt burden, we continued throughout the third quarter of fiscal 2016 to work with our financial and legal advisors to analyze a variety of solutions to reduce our overall financial leverage, while maintaining primary focus on preserving liquidity. As part of this process, we engaged in discussions with certain of our debtholders and other stakeholders to develop and implement a comprehensive plan to restructure our balance sheet. As part of these ongoing discussions, on February 16, 2016, we had elected to enter into the 30-day grace period under the
terms of the indenture governing EPL s 8.25% Senior Notes due February 2018 to extend the timeline for making the cash interest payment to March 17, 2016.  

 On March 15, 2016, as part of our ongoing discussions with certain of our debtholders, we elected to make the deferred interest payment on the 8.25% Senior Notes, while electing not to make the interest payments due on the Second Lien Notes and on EGC s 6.875% Senior Notes due 2024, commencing a new 30-day grace period. During the new 30-day grace period, we continued discussions with certain Second Lien Noteholders and a steering committee of the Lenders under our Revolving Credit Facility regarding a potential restructuring. Pursuant to the Plan, we expect to eliminate more than $2,800 million aggregate principal amount
of debt and accrued interest held by/due to third-parties, substantial intercompany debt (including the $325 million intercompany note owed to EGC by EPL, the $266.6 million of the 8.25% Senior Notes purchased by EGC in open market transactions and potentially certain of the Debtors  other intercompany payable balances) as well as the $471.1 million of EGC s 9.25% Senior Notes repurchased by EGC in open market transactions. As the Plan eliminates substantially all of our prepetition indebtedness other than indebtedness under our Revolving Credit Facility, it will result in a significantly deleveraged capital structure.  

  Liquidity After Filing Under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code   

 Subject to certain exceptions under the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions automatically enjoined, or stayed, the continuation of any judicial or administrative proceedings or other actions against the Debtors or their property to recover, collect or secure a claim arising prior to the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions. Thus, for example, most creditor actions to obtain possession of property from the Debtors, or to create, perfect or enforce any lien against the Debtors' property, or to collect on monies owed or otherwise exercise rights or remedies with respect to a pre-petition claim are enjoined
unless and until the Bankruptcy Court lifts the automatic stay.  

 The Bankruptcy Court has approved payment of certain pre-petition obligations, including payments for employee wages, salaries and certain other benefits, customer programs, taxes, utilities, insurance, surety bond premiums as well as payments to critical vendors and possessory lien vendors. Despite the liquidity provided by our existing cash on hand, our ability to maintain normal credit terms with our suppliers may become impaired. We may be required to pay cash in advance to certain vendors and may experience restrictions on  

71 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 the availability of trade credit, which would further reduce our liquidity. If liquidity problems persist, our suppliers could refuse to provide key products and services in the future. In addition, due to the public perception of our financial condition and results of operations, in particular with regard to our potential failure to meet our debt obligations, some vendors could be reluctant to enter into long-term agreements with us.  

 Although we have lowered our capital budget and reduced the scale of our operations significantly, our business remains capital intensive. In addition to the cash requirements necessary to fund ongoing operations, we have incurred significant professional fees and other costs in connection with our Chapter 11 Cases (approximately $32.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, which is classified as reorganization items on our consolidated statements of operations) and we expect that we will continue to incur significant professional fees and costs throughout our Chapter 11 proceedings. The Company believes it has
sufficient liquidity, including approximately $215.7 million of cash on hand as of September 30, 2016 and funds generated from ongoing operations, to fund anticipated cash requirements through the Chapter 11 proceedings for minimum operating and capital expenditures and for working capital purposes and excluding principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt. As such, we expect to pay vendor, royalty and surety obligations on a go-forward basis according to the terms of our current contracts and consistent with applicable court orders approving such payments. We do not intend to seek debtor-in-possession financing at this time.  

 Upon our emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases, we are required to have liquidity of at least $90 million per the restructuring term sheet with the Lenders under our First Lien Credit Agreement. We believe that our capital resources from existing cash balances, borrowings under any new capacity created under our Exit Facility, and anticipated cash flow from operating activities will be adequate to execute our corporate strategies.  

 Given the current level of volatility in the market and the unpredictability of certain costs that could potentially arise in our operations, our liquidity needs could be significantly higher than we currently anticipate. Our ability to maintain adequate liquidity through the reorganization process and beyond depends on our ability to successfully implement the Plan (or another Chapter 11 plan), successful operation of our business, and appropriate management of operating expenses and capital spending. Our anticipated liquidity needs are highly sensitive to changes in each of these and other factors. If we are unable to meet
our liquidity needs, we may have to take other actions to seek additional financing to the extent available or we could be forced to consider other alternatives to maximize potential recovery for the creditors, including possible sale of the Company or certain material assets pursuant to Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, or a liquidation under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code.  

 Under the final order approving the Debtors  use of cash collateral, the Debtors  have the conditional authority, subject to the terms and conditions of the Bankruptcy Court s orders and the cash collateral budget, to use cash collateral for a certain period from the Petition Date and the Debtors have agreed to pursue the confirmation and implementation of the Plan within that certain period. The Debtors  use of cash collateral is critical to their ability to operate during the course of the Chapter 11 Cases, to remain current on their post-petition operating costs, to pursue reorganization pursuant to the
Plan and to emerge successfully as a going concern from the Chapter 11 Cases.  

 Our liquidity may be further adversely affected if the BOEM requires us to provide additional bonding as a means to assure our decommissioning obligations, such as the plugging of wells, the removal of platforms and other offshore facilities, the abandonment of offshore pipelines and the clearing of the seafloor of obstructions, or if the surety companies providing such bonds on our behalf require us to provide additional cash collateral for such new or existing bonds. Any further expense in providing additional bonds or restrictions on our cash to collateralize existing bonds or new bonds would further reduce our liquidity.

Our Indebtedness and Available Credit  

 As of September 30, 2016, we had total aggregate indebtedness of $2,864.2 million, comprised of $100.3 million of secured indebtedness outstanding, consisting of $99.4 million under our Revolving Credit Facility and $0.9 million of payment in-kind interest under the Exit Facility Term Sheet, $1,450 million of senior secured second lien notes, $4.6 million in other secured indebtedness and $1,309.3 million of unsecured notes. The maturity dates for our outstanding notes (excluding $266.6 million of the 8.25% Senior Notes,  

72 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 which were purchased by EGC in open market transactions at a total cost of approximately $11.4 million, including accrued interest of $10.4 million, and continue to held by EGC), which are all classified as liabilities subject to compromise, are as follows: 

For more information regarding the terms of all of our outstanding notes, see Note 7   Long Term Debt of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report. Pursuant to the Plan, we expect to eliminate more than $2,800 million in debt and accrued interest from our balance sheet by eliminating substantially all of our prepetition indebtedness other than indebtedness under our Revolving Credit Facility, resulting in a significantly deleveraged capital structure.  

 On the date that Debtors will consummate the transactions contemplated by the Plan (the date of such consummation, the  Effective Date ), the existing notes above are expected to be converted into New Equity of the New Entity. As a result, the obligations of the Debtors with respect to these outstanding notes above will be cancelled and discharged as of the Effective Date. Any outstanding indebtedness of the New Entity will only be pursuant to our Exit Facility which we expect to have in place upon emergence from Chapter 11.  

  Revolving Credit Facility.   The First Lien Credit Agreement or Revolving Credit Facility currently has a maximum facility amount and borrowing base of $327.2 million, of which such amount $99.4 million is the borrowing under the sub-facility established for EPL. As of September 30, 2016, we had $99.4 million in borrowings and $227.8 million in letters of credit issued under our First Lien Credit Agreement. The maturity date of the First Lien Credit Agreement is April 9, 2018. Our Revolving Credit Facility is comprised of a syndicate of large domestic and international banks, with no single lender providing
more than 5% of the overall commitment amount.  

 On February 29, 2016, the Thirteenth Amendment became effective and on March 14, 2016, the Fourteenth Amendment became effective, extending the term of the Thirteenth Amendment until April 15, 2016.  

 The Fourteenth Amendment provided for the reduction of our borrowing base under the First Lien Credit Agreement. The borrowing base under the First Lien Credit Agreement as of the effectiveness of the Fourteenth Amendment was reduced from $500 million to $377.8 million, with such reduction effectively removing any further borrowing capacity under the First Lien Credit Agreement beyond an aggregate amount equal to the amount of outstanding letters of credit that have been issued thereunder plus the amount of outstanding loans to EPL thereunder. In connection with such reduction under the Fourteenth Amendment, we unwound certain
hedging transactions and used the proceeds therefrom to repay amounts of outstanding loans to EPL under the First Lien Credit Agreement, with such repayments resulting in an automatic and permanent reduction in our borrowing base. This further reduction in borrowing base was for both the overall borrowing base under the First Lien Credit Agreement as well as the borrowing base specific to EPL, and in each case, the reduction was in an amount equal to the full extent of the aggregate amount of repaid principal relating to such unwound hedging transactions.  

 The Fourteenth Amendment continued to allow us to get replacement letters of credit under the First Lien Credit Agreement without satisfying credit extension conditions so long as the replacement letter of credit did not have an aggregate face amount in excess of the available amount of the letter of credit being replaced and certain other conditions set forth in the Fourteenth Amendment were met.  

73 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 On the Petition Date, however, the Debtors filed the Bankruptcy Petitions, which constituted an event of default under the Revolving Credit Facility and accelerated the indebtedness thereunder. Pursuant to the Plan, the Debtors, on behalf of the holders of the First Lien Claims arising on account of the Revolving Credit Facility and subject to further negotiations with the Lenders, have agreed, along with the Plan Support Parties in the PSA, that (i) all letters of credit issued under the Revolving Credit Facility other than specified letters of credit delivered in favor of Exxon (the  Exxon LCs ) shall be reinstated
in accordance with their terms; (ii) the Exxon LCs shall be reinstated in accordance a letter agreement dated April 27, 2016, and (iii) except to the extent that a holder of a First Lien Claim agrees to less favorable treatment, in full and final satisfaction, compromise, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for its claim arising from the Revolving Credit Facility, each such holder shall receive its  pro rata  share of the New Entity s obligations under the Exit Facility at emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases.  

 In addition to the indebtedness outstanding under the First Lien Credit Agreement, we have substantial additional indebtedness outstanding as described below. The filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions constituted an event of default with respect to these existing debt obligations, accordingly our pre-petition secured indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facility, Second Lien Notes and EPL and EGC unsecured notes became immediately due and payable and any efforts to enforce such payment obligations are automatically stayed as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases. In addition, as a result of the covenant violations that existed at
March 31, 2016 that were not cured prior to the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions, all of our outstanding indebtedness were classified as current at March 31, 2016, and we accelerated the amortization of the associated debt premium and original issue discount, fully amortizing those amounts as of March 31, 2016. In addition, except for amounts related to the Revolving Credit Facility, we accelerated the amortization of the remaining debt issuance costs related to our outstanding indebtedness, fully amortizing those costs as of March 31, 2016. Any efforts to enforce such payment obligations are automatically stayed as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases. The First Lien Agent supports the Plan, as modified. Accordingly, we have not accelerated the amortization of remaining debt issue costs related to the Revolving Credit Facility. We continue to accrue interest on the Revolving Credit Facility subsequent to the Petition Date since we anticipate that such interest will be allowed by the
Bankruptcy Court to be paid to the Lenders. However, for all our other indebtedness, in accordance with accounting guidance in ASC 852,  Reorganizations,  we have accrued interest only up to the Petition Date. Additional information regarding the Chapter 11 proceedings is included in Note 3    Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 7   Long Term Debt to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report.  

 Following the modification to the cash collateral order, which was approved by the Bankruptcy Court on October 24, 2016, approximately $30.1 million of restricted cash maintained by us related to our First Lien Credit Agreement was withdrawn on October 25, 2016 and applied to permanently reduce the amount outstanding under our First Lien Credit Agreement to $69.3 million, thereby resulting in a further reduction to the maximum facility amount and borrowing base to $297.1 million.  

 BOEM Bonding Requirements  

 The future cost of compliance with our existing supplemental bonding requirements, including such bonding obligations as reflected in the Long-Term Plan approved and executed by the BOEM on February 25, 2016, the BOEM s proposal letters in October 2016 outlining what additional security the BOEM proposes to require from us and other parties liable for lease, ROW, and RUE decommissioning obligations, or any other changes to the BOEM s current NTL supplemental bonding requirements or supplemental bonding rules applicable to us or our subsidiaries  properties could materially and adversely affect our financial
condition, cash flows, and results of operations. In addition, we may be required to provide cash collateral to support the issuance of such bonds or other surety. While we are currently in compliance, we can provide no future assurance that we can continue to obtain bonds or other surety in all cases or that we will have sufficient operating cash flows to support such supplemental bonding requirements. If we are unable to obtain the additional required bonds as requested, the BOEM may have any of our operations on federal leases to be suspended or cancelled or otherwise impose monetary penalties, and any one or more of such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. On June 28, 2016, we submitted an amended and supplemental long-term plan to the BOEM as required and are currently awaiting their further response. For more information about the BOEM s  

74 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 supplement bonding requirements, see    Known Trends and Uncertainties   BOEM Supplemental Financial Assurance and/or Bonding Requirements.   

 Potential Divestitures  

 We may decide to divest of certain non-core assets from time to time. There can be no assurance any such potential transactions will prove successful. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to sell these assets on satisfactory terms, if at all.  

 Capital Expenditures  

 For fiscal year 2017, the Company s capital expenditures are in a preliminary target range of $160 million to $165 million excluding acquisitions but including plugging and abandonment obligations. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, our capital expenditures totaled approximately $21.5 million of which approximately $8 million was spent on development of our core properties and $13.5 million on other assets. We have historically funded our capital expenditure program and contractual commitments, from cash on hand, cash flows from operations, and borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. Since the
filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions, our principal sources of liquidity have been limited to cash flow from operations and cash on hand. The Company believes it has sufficient liquidity, including its cash on hand as of September 30, 2016 and funds generated from ongoing operations, to fund anticipated cash requirements through the Chapter 11 Cases for minimum operating and capital expenditures and for working capital purposes excluding principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt. However, given the current level of volatility in the market and the unpredictability of certain costs that could potentially arise in our operations, our liquidity needs could be significantly higher than we currently anticipate. Our long-term liquidity requirements, the adequacy of our capital resources and our ability to continue as a going concern are difficult to predict at this time and ultimately cannot be determined until a Chapter 11 plan has been confirmed, if at all, by the Bankruptcy
Court. In addition to the cash requirements necessary to fund ongoing operations, we have incurred and expect that we will continue to incur significant professional fees and other costs in connection with the administration of the Chapter 11 Cases.  

 If our future sources of liquidity are insufficient, we could face substantial liquidity constraints and be unable to continue as a going concern and will likely be required to significantly reduce, delay or eliminate capital expenditures, implement further cost reductions, seek other financing alternatives or seek the sale of some or all of our assets. If we limit, defer or eliminate our capital expenditure plan or are unsuccessful in developing reserves and adding production through our capital program or our cost-cutting efforts are too overreaching, the value of our oil and natural gas properties and our financial
condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.  

 Cash Flows  

 The following table sets forth selected historical information from our statement of cash flows:  

Operating Activities  

 Net cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $20.2 million as compared to $69.2 million used in operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to cash used in operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was due primarily to reduction of $74.1 million in cash outflows associated with operating assets and liabilities.  

75 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 Investing Activities  

 For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our cash outflows for investing activities were $7.7 million and $66.0 million, respectively. The decrease in cash used in investing activities in the first three months of fiscal 2017 compared to the first three months of fiscal 2016 was primarily due to the reduction in capital expenditures.  

 Financing Activities  

 Cash used in financing activities was $37 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to cash used in financing activities of $130.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, cash used in financing activities consists primarily of $99.8 million used in repayment of debt and $25.2 million used in repayment of debt assumed in acquisition.  

 Contractual Obligations  

 Our contractual obligations at September 30, 2016 did not change materially from those disclosed in Item 7 of our 2016 Annual Report, other than as disclosed in Note 15   Commitments and Contingencies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report.  

 Critical Accounting Policies  

 Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2   Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2016 Annual Report and Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report.  

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

 For a description of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report.  

   ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

 General  

 The following market risk disclosures should be read in conjunction with the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk contained in our 2016 Annual Report.  

 We are exposed to a variety of market risks including commodity price risk and interest rate risk. We address these risks through a program of risk management which includes the use of derivative instruments. The following quantitative and qualitative information is provided about financial instruments to which we were a party at September 30, 2016, and from which we may incur future gains or losses from changes in market interest rates or commodity prices. We do not enter into derivative or other financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.  

 Hypothetical changes in commodity prices and interest rates chosen for the following estimated sensitivity analysis are considered to be reasonably possible near-term changes generally based on consideration of past fluctuations for each risk category. However, since it is not possible to accurately predict future changes in interest rates and commodity prices, these hypothetical changes may not necessarily be an indicator of probable future fluctuations.  

 Commodity Price Risk  

 Our major market risk exposure continues to be the pricing applicable to our oil and natural gas production. Our revenues, profitability and future rate of growth depend substantially upon the market prices of oil and natural gas, which are volatile and may fluctuate widely. Oil and natural gas price declines such as the recent declines adversely affect our revenues, cash flows and profitability. The Company continues to incur significant losses from operations. As a result of the depressed pricing environment, further declines could impact the extent to which we develop portions of our proved and unproved oil and natural gas
properties,  

76 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 and could possibly include temporarily shutting in certain wells that are uneconomic to produce. A decline in our production and reserves will further reduce our liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt obligations by negatively impacting our cash flow from operating activities and the value of our assets.  

 Prices also affect the amount of cash flow available for capital expenditures and our ability to borrow and raise additional capital. The energy markets have historically been very volatile, and there can be no assurance that crude oil and natural gas prices will improve.  

 We have historically utilized commodity-based derivative instruments with major financial institutions to reduce exposure to fluctuations in the price of crude oil and natural gas, including financially settled crude oil and natural gas zero-cost collars and three-way collars. Any gains or losses resulting from the change in fair value from hedging transactions and from the settlement of hedging contracts are recorded in earnings as a component of revenues.  

 Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to commodity price fluctuations will depend on the future exposures that arise during the period, our hedging strategies at the time and commodity prices at the time.  

 Interest Rate Risk  

 Our exposure to changes in interest rates relates primarily to our variable rate debt obligations. Specifically, we are exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, and the terms of such facility require us to pay higher interest rate margins as we utilize a larger percentage of our available borrowing base. We manage our interest rate exposure by limiting our variable-rate debt to a certain percentage of total capitalization and by monitoring the effects of market changes in interest rates. We consider our interest rate risk exposure to be minimal as a result of fixing
interest rates on approximately 96.5% of our debt. As of September 30, 2016, total debt included $99.4 million of floating-rate debt. As a result, our period-end interest costs will fluctuate based on short-term interest rates on approximately 3.5% of our total debt outstanding as of September 30, 2016. A 10 percent change in floating interest rates on period-end floating debt balances would change quarterly interest expense by approximately $0.1 million. We currently have no interest rate hedge positions in place to reduce our exposure to changes in interest rates. However, to reduce our future exposure to changes in interest rates, we may utilize interest rate derivatives to alter interest rate exposure in an attempt to reduce interest rate expense related to existing debt issues.  

 We generally invest cash equivalents in high-quality credit instruments consisting primarily of money market funds with maturities of 90 days or less. We do not expect any material loss from cash equivalents and therefore we believe our interest rate exposure on invested funds is not material.  

   ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures  

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report.  

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

 There was no change in our system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

77 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

   ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings  

 We are involved in various legal proceedings and claims, which arise in the ordinary course of our business. Most of our pending legal proceedings have been stayed by virtue of filing the Bankruptcy Petitions on April 14, 2016. We do not believe the ultimate resolution of any such actions will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. For more information regarding the Chapter 11 proceedings, see Note 3    Chapter 11 Proceedings, Liquidity and Capital Resources  of Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report.  

 SEC Proof of Claim  

 On June 17, 2016 the SEC filed a proof of claim against the Company asserting a general unsecured claim in the amount of $3.9 million based on alleged violations of the federal securities laws by Energy XXI pertaining to the failure to disclose certain funds borrowed by John D. Schiller, Jr. from personal acquaintances or their affiliates, certain of whom provided Energy XXI and certain of its subsidiaries with services and Mr. Schiller s pledge of Energy XXI stock to a certain financial institution in the second half of 2014. If allowed, such claim against Energy XXI would be classified as a general unsecured claim under
the Plan and would be subject to discharge, settlement, and release in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, and receive the treatment provided to holders of general unsecured claims. The Debtors anticipate that they will object to the SEC s claim.  

   ITEM 1A. Risk Factors  

 Our business faces many risks. Any of the risks discussed in this Quarterly Report or our other SEC filings, could have a material impact on our business, financial position or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. For a detailed discussion of the risk factors that should be understood by any investor contemplating investment in our common stock, please refer to the section entitled  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our 2016 Annual Report. There have been no material changes in the
risk factors set forth in our 2016 Annual Report other than those set forth below.  

   The New Warrant Package to be issued in accordance with the Plan are convertible into common stock of the New Entity. A conversion of such equity instruments could have a dilutive effect to stockholders of the New Entity.    

 As of the date of consummation of the Plan, we will issue warrants exercisable into certain number of shares of New Equity at certain price per share. They are exercisable in whole or in part. The exercise of these warrants into common stock of the New Entity could have a dilutive effect to the holdings of our stockholders of the New Entity.  

   There is no guarantee that the New Warrant Package to be issued in accordance with the Plan will ever be in the money, and they may expire worthless and the terms of such warrants may be amended.    

 There is no guarantee that the New Warrant Package to be issued in accordance with the Plan will ever be in the money, and they may expire worthless. In addition, the warrant agreement may provide that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a certain percentage of the then outstanding warrants originally issued to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if
holders of at least a certain percentage of the then outstanding warrants approve of such amendment.  

   ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

 None  

78 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

   ITEM 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities  

 The filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions described above constitutes an event of default and acceleration under each of the following debt instruments (the  Debt Instruments ): 

Second Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2011, by and among EGC, EPL, each of the guarantors party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, and the lenders and agents from time-to-time party thereto; 

Indenture, dated December 17, 2010, among EGC, the guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, relating to approximately $720.6 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of 9.25% senior unsecured notes due December 15, 2017; 

Indenture, dated February 25, 2011, among EGC, the guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, relating to approximately $101.1 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of 7.75% senior unsecured notes due June 15, 2019; 

Indenture, dated September 26, 2013, among EGC, the guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, relating to approximately $238.1 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of 7.50% senior unsecured notes due December 15, 2021; 

Indenture, dated May 27, 2014, among EGC, the guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, relating to approximately $144.0 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of 6.875% senior unsecured notes due March 15, 2024; 

Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2011, and Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 18, 2014, among EPL, the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating approximately $480.2 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of 8.25% senior unsecured notes due February 15, 2018; 

Indenture, dated as of November 22, 2013, among the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and convertible notes agent, relating to approximately $363.0 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of 3.0% senior convertible notes due December 15, 2018; and 

Secured Second Lien Promissory Note, dated as of March 12, 2015, issued by EPL, as maker, in favor of EGC, as payee, relating to approximately $325.0 million aggregate outstanding principal amount due October 9, 2018.  

The Debt Instruments provide that as a result of filing for bankruptcy, the principal and interest due thereunder shall be immediately due and payable. However, any efforts to enforce such payment obligations under the Debt Instruments will be automatically stayed as a result of the Bankruptcy Petitions, and the creditors  rights of enforcement in respect of the Debt Instruments will be subject to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. 

 Dividends on both our 5.625% convertible perpetual preferred stock (the  5.625% Convertible Preferred Stock ) and the 7.25% convertible perpetual preferred stock (the  7.25% Convertible Preferred Stock ) are payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year.  

 However, it is expected that an order of the Bermuda court will be sought to dissolve Energy XXI Ltd under the laws of Bermuda following the Company s emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases, and assuming that there are no assets available for distribution to equity under Bermuda law governing the payment of stakeholders in a Bermuda dissolution, existing equity holders would not receive distribution in respect of their equity interests in that dissolution. Accordingly, as of the Petition Date, we are no longer accruing dividends on preferred stock. Preferred stock dividends that would have accrued from the Petition Date
through November 14, 2016 totaled approximately $4.7 million. Energy XXI suspended the quarterly  

79 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 dividends on the 5.625% Preferred Stock and the 7.25% Preferred Stock for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and, as a result, no dividends for the fiscal first quarter were paid to the holders of either series of preferred stock.  

   ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

 Not applicable  

   ITEM 5. Other Information  

 On November 14, 2016, following good-faith, arms  length negotiations, the Debtors, members of the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee, the Creditors  Committee, members of the Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders and members of the Ad Hoc Group of EPL Noteholders entered into the PSA, pursuant to which, among other things, and subject to certain limitations, the parties signatory thereto agreed to support the Plan, as modified in accordance with the PSA and are bound to vote in favor of the Plan. 

 Pursuant to the PSA, each of the Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the EGC Plan Support Parties and the EPL Plan Support Parties has agreed to, among other things, and subject to certain conditions: (i) take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to consummate the restructuring in accordance with the Plan, including voting any claim it holds against the Debtors to accept the Plan, (ii) not withdraw, amend or revoke its vote with respect to the Plan and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to support and not object to, delay, impede or take any other action to interfere with the restructuring contemplated by the
Plan or propose file, support, or vote for any alternative restructuring or plan of reorganization.  

 In accordance with the PSA, the Creditors  Committee has agreed to, among other things, and subject to certain conditions: (i) take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to consummate the restructuring in accordance with the Plan, (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to support and not object to, delay, impede or take any other action to interfere with the restructuring contemplated by the Plan or propose file, support, or vote for any alternative restructuring or plan of reorganization and (iii) submit a letter recommending that unsecured creditors vote in favor of the Plan.  

 Pursuant to the PSA, each of the Debtors has agreed to, among other things, and subject to certain conditions: (i) support and make commercially reasonable efforts to complete the restructuring in accordance with the Milestones (as defined below) set forth in the Plan and the PSA, (ii) take any and all necessary and appropriate actions in furtherance of the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, the Plan and the PSA, (iii) not undertake any action inconsistent with the adoption and implementation of the Plan and the confirmation thereof; (iv) timely file a formal objection to any motion filed with the Bankruptcy Court seeking the entry of
an order (A) directing the appointment of a trustee or examiner, (B) converting the Chapter 11 Cases into cases under chapter 7 of the Chapter 11 Cases or (C) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases and (v) timely file a formal objection to any motion filed with the Bankruptcy Court seeking the entry of an order modifying or terminating the Debtors  exclusive right to file and/or solicit acceptances of a plan of reorganization. The Debtors may receive (but not solicit) proposals or offers for any chapter 11 plan or restructuring transaction from other parties and discuss such alternative transactions received; provided, however, the Debtors must provide a copy of any written offer or proposal (and notice of all terms of any oral offer or proposal) to the legal and financial advisors of each of the Plan Support Parties.  

 Additionally, in accordance with the PSA, the Debtors agreed to implement the restructuring transactions contemplated by the PSA on the following timeline (the  Milestones ):  

no later than December 15, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court will have commenced the Confirmation Hearing; 

no later than December 31, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court will have entered the Confirmation Order; and 

The PSA is terminable by the Second Lien Plan Support Parties who hold, in the aggregate, at least 66.6% in principal amount outstanding of the Second Lien Notes Claims held by the Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the Creditors  Committee, the EGC Plan Support Parties who hold, in the aggregate, at least  

80 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

 66.6% in principal amount outstanding of the EGC Unsecured Notes Claims held by the EGC Plan Support Parties and the EPL Plan Support Parties who hold, in the aggregate, at least 66.6% in principal amount outstanding of the EPL Unsecured Notes Claims held by the EPL Plan Support Parties upon the occurrence of certain termination events, which include but are not limited to (i) the failure of the Debtors to meet any of the Milestones; (ii) the conversion of one or more of the Chapter 11 Cases to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, (iii) any Debtor (a) filing, amending or modifying, or filing a pleading seeking
authority to amend or modify, the definitive documentation in connection with the restructuring contemplated by the PSA in a manner that is inconsistent with the PSA, the Plan, or the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, (b) revoking the restructuring transactions in accordance with the PSA without prior consent, or (c) publicly announces its intention to take such acts, (iv) a material breach by any Debtor or the Creditors  Committee of any representation, warranty or covenant in the PSA that could reasonably be expected to impair the economic treatment provided under the Plan Mediation Term Sheet and (v) any board, director, officer, or manager (or party with authority to act) of a Debtor (or the Debtors themselves) taking any action in furtherance of the rights available to it that are inconsistent with the restructuring as contemplated by the Plan Mediation Term Sheet.  

 The PSA is terminable by Debtors upon the occurrence of certain termination events, which include but are not limited to (i) a material breach by a Plan Support Party of any representation, warranty or covenant set forth in the PSA that could reasonably be expected to prevent confirmation of the Plan in accordance with the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, (ii) upon notice to the Plan Support Parties, if the board of directors or board of managers, as applicable, of a Debtor determines, after receiving advice from counsel, that proceeding with the restructuring contemplated by the Plan would be inconsistent with the exercise of its
fiduciary duties or (iii) the issuance by any governmental authority, including the Bankruptcy Court, any regulatory authority, or any other court of competent jurisdiction, of any ruling or order that could reasonably be expected to prevent confirmation of the Plan in accordance with the Plan Mediation Term Sheet; provided, however, that the Debtors have made commercially reasonable, good faith efforts to cure, vacate, or have overruled such ruling or order prior to terminating the PSA. Additionally, the individual creditor parties to the PSA may terminate the PSA as to themselves under certain conditions.  

 The description of the PSA, including the Plan Mediation Term Sheet is qualified in its entirety by reference to the PSA, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.5 and is incorporated herein by reference.  

   ITEM 6. Exhibits  

 The exhibits listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Quarterly Report, and such Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

81 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

   SIGNATURES  

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Energy XXI Ltd has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

   ENERGY XXI LTD    

By: 

           /S/ BRUCE W. BUSMIRE   Bruce W. Busmire Duly Authorized Officer and Chief Financial Officer  

By: 

           /S/ HUGH A. MENOWN    Hugh A. Menown Duly Authorized Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer  

Date: November 14, 2016  

82 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

   EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit  Number 

Exhibit Description 

Incorporated by Reference to the Following 

3.1  

Altered Memorandum of Association of Energy XXI Ltd 

3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2011 

3.2  

Bye-Laws of Energy XXI Ltd 

3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2011 

3.3  

Certificate of Designations of Series C Junior Participating Preferred Shares of Energy XXI Ltd 

3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2016 

4.1  

Rights Agreement dated as of February 15, 2016 between Energy XXI Ltd, as the Company, and Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, as Rights Agent 

4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2016 

10.1   

Thirteenth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of February 29, 2016 

10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2016 

10.2   

Fourteenth Amendment and Waiver to Second Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2016 

10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2016 

10.3   

Restructuring Support Agreement by and among Energy XXI Ltd, Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc., EPL Oil   Gas, Inc., those certain additional subsidiaries of Energy XXI Ltd listed on Schedule 1 of the Restructuring Support Agreement and certain holders of the 11.000% senior secured second lien notes, dated April 11, 2016. 

10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2016 

10.4   

Waiver to Lease by and between Energy XXI GIGS Services, LLC and Grand Isle Corridor, LP, dated April 13, 2016. 

10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2016 

10.5   

Plan Support Agreement by and among the Debtors, the Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the Creditors  Committee, the EGC Plan Support Parties and the EPL Plan Support Parties, dated November 14, 2016. 

Filed herewith 

31.1   

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 

31.2   

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 

32.1   

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Furnished herewith 

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document 

Filed herewith 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

Filed herewith 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith  

83 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Exhibit  Number 

Exhibit Description 

Incorporated by Reference to the Following 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith 

84 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 v451121_ex10-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.5

Exhibit 10.5  

ENERGY XXI LTD 

PLAN SUPPORT AGREEMENT  

November 14, 2016 

This Plan Support Agreement
(together with the Plan Mediation Term Sheet (as defined below) and the Plan (as defined below), as such may be amended, restated,
supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, this    Agreement   ), 1
 dated as of November 14, 2016, is entered into by and among: (a) the Debtors; and (b) the undersigned noteholders
who are members of the ad hoc committee of Second Lien Noteholders (the    Second Lien Plan Support Parties   ),
the Second Lien Notes Trustee, the Creditors  Committee, the undersigned noteholders who are members of the ad hoc group
of EGC Unsecured Noteholders (collectively with the EGC Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee, the    EGC Plan Support Parties   ),
and the undersigned noteholders who are members of the ad hoc group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders (collectively with the EPL Unsecured
Notes Indenture Trustee, the    EPL Plan Support Parties   ) (collectively with the EXXI 3.0% Senior Convertible
Notes Trustee, and together with any such parties that may enter into this Agreement in accordance with  Section 13 
and/or  Section 14  hereof, the    Plan Support Parties   );  provided ,  however  that
the Indenture Trustees shall not be required to sign this Agreement;  provided further ,  however  that each Indenture
Trustee shall be deemed a Plan Support Party unless and until such Indenture Trustee files an objection to the approval, acceptance,
or implementation of the Plan and/or directly or indirectly votes to reject the Plan;  provided further, however , that an
Indenture Trustee shall remain a Plan Support Party notwithstanding the filing of any objection to the Plan solely on the grounds
that the Plan does not comply with this Plan Support Agreement or the Plan Mediation Term Sheet or pertains solely to the effect
of one or more specific Plan provisions (including omissions) on the rights and duties of such Indenture Trustee. This Agreement
(x) collectively refers to the Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the EGC Plan Support Parties, and the EPL Plan Support Parties
as the    Noteholder Plan Support Parties    and each of the foregoing individually as a    Noteholder
Plan Support Party    and (y) collectively refers to the Debtors and the Plan Support Parties as the    Parties   
and each individually as a    Party  .  

RECITALS  

WHEREAS, on September 16,
2016, the Court appointed Judge Leif Clark as the mediator pursuant to the  Order (A) Adjourning the Confirmation Hearing and
Extending Related Deadlines, (B) Extending the Filing Exclusivity Period and Soliciting Exclusivity Period, and (C) Appointing
a Mediator  [Docket No. 1337]; 

1   Capitalized terms used but not defined herein are used as defined in the  Debtors  First
Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization  [Docket No. 1418] (the    Existing Plan   ).   

WHEREAS, in an effort to
consensually resolve outstanding disputes among the parties in interest in the Debtors  Chapter 11 Cases and achieve a consensual
and value-maximizing restructuring, representatives for the Debtors, the First Lien Agent, the Second Lien Ad Hoc Committee, the
Second Lien Indenture Trustee, the Creditors  Committee, the Equity Committee, the ad hoc group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders,
the EGC Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee, the ad hoc group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders, the EPL Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee,
and the EXXI 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes Indenture Trustee (collectively, the    Mediation Parties   )  
  participated in a confidential and non-binding mediation process, as discussed on the record at a hearing before the Court
on September 13, 2016; 

WHEREAS, the Debtors, in
consultation with the independent directors of EGC and EPL respectively, and their respective Boards, have continued to engage
in extensive, good-faith, arms  length mediation negotiations with the Plan Support Parties; 

WHEREAS, the Parties have
reached agreement on the terms of a global settlement that contemplates (a) the execution of this Agreement and (b) the modification
of the Existing Plan on the terms set forth in that certain plan mediation term sheet (the    Plan Mediation Term Sheet   )
attached hereto as   Exhibit A  ; 

WHEREAS, as a result of
these negotiations, the Parties have agreed to support the Existing Plan as modified in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
and the Plan Mediation Term Sheet (as modified, the    Plan   ) attached hereto as   Exhibit B  ; 

WHEREAS, the independent
directors of EGC and EPL have determined that the Debtors  entry into this Agreement and consummation of the Plan in accordance
with the Plan Mediation Term Sheet are in the best interests of the EGC and EPL estates (as applicable); 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the promises, mutual covenants, and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each of the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agrees as follows: 

AGREEMENT  

1.             PSA
Effective Date  . This Agreement shall become effective, and the obligations contained herein shall become binding upon the
Parties, upon the first date (such date, the    PSA Effective Date   ) that this Agreement has been executed
by all of the following: (a) each Debtor; (b) the Creditors  Committee; (c) the Second Lien Plan Support Parties,
holding, in the aggregate, at least 66.6% in principal amount outstanding of the Second Lien Notes Claims; (d) the EGC Plan
Support Parties holding, in the aggregate, at least 26% in principal amount outstanding of the EGC Unsecured Notes Claims (excluding
the EGC Repurchased Bonds); (e) the EPL Plan Support Parties holding, in the aggregate, at least 55.7% in principal amount
outstanding of the EPL Unsecured Notes Claims (excluding the EPL Repurchased Bonds). 

2.             Exhibits
and Schedules Incorporated by Reference  . Each of the exhibits attached hereto and any schedules to such exhibits (collectively,
the    Exhibits and Schedules   ) is expressly incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement, and
all references to this Agreement shall include the Exhibits and Schedules. In the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement
(without reference to the Exhibits and Schedules) and the Exhibits and Schedules, this Agreement (without reference to the Exhibits
and Schedules) shall govern. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of any inconsistency between the Plan Mediation Term Sheet
and the Plan, the Plan Mediation Term Sheet shall govern. 

3.             Definitive
Documentation  . 

(a)  The definitive documents and agreements governing the Restructuring Transactions (collectively,
the    Definitive Documentation   ) shall include:   

(i)  the Plan;   

(ii)  the Confirmation Order; and   

(iii)  the second supplement (as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Second
Supplement   ) to the  Debtors  Third Amended Disclosure Statement for the Debtors  Proposed Joint Chapter
11 Plan of Reorganization  [Docket No. 809] (the    Disclosure Statement   ).   

(b)  The Definitive Documentation identified in Section 3(a) will, after the PSA Effective Date, remain
subject to negotiation and shall, upon completion, contain terms, conditions, representations, warranties, and covenants consistent
with the terms of this Agreement (including all exhibits hereto) and be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to each of:
(i) the Second Lien Plan Support Parties who hold, in the aggregate, at least 66.6% in principal amount outstanding of the Second
Lien Notes Claims held by the Second Lien Plan Support Parties (the    Majority Second Lien Plan Support Parties   );
(ii) the Creditors  Committee; (iii) the EGC Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee and the EGC Plan Support Parties who hold,
in the aggregate, at least 66.6% in principal amount outstanding of the EGC Unsecured Notes Claims held by the EGC Plan Support
Parties (the    Majority EGC Plan Support Parties   ); and (iv) the EPL Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee
and the EPL Plan Support Parties who hold, in the aggregate, at least 66.6% in principal amount outstanding of the EPL Unsecured
Notes Claims held by the EPL Plan Support Parties (the    Majority EPL Plan Support Parties    and, collectively
with the Majority Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the Creditors  Committee, and the Majority EGC Plan Support Parties,
the    Majority Plan Support Parties   ). For the avoidance of doubt, when used herein, the term  Majority
Plan Support Parties  shall require the independent approval of the Majority Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the Creditors 
Committee, the Majority EGC Plan Support Parties, and the Majority EPL Plan Support Parties.   

4.             Milestones  .
Subject to  Section 7 , the Debtors shall implement the Restructuring Transactions on the following timeline (each deadline,
a    Milestone   ): 

(a)  no later than December 15, 2016, the Court shall have commenced the Confirmation Hearing;   

(b)  no later than December 31, 2016, the Court shall have entered the Confirmation Order; and   

Subject to the individual
termination right set forth in  Sub-Clause (a)  of  Section 10 , the Debtors may extend a Milestone with the express
prior written consent of the Majority Plan Support Parties. 

5.             Commitment
of the Noteholder Plan Support Parties  . Each Noteholder Plan Support Party shall (severally and not jointly), solely as
it remains the legal owner, beneficial owner, and/or investment advisor or manager of or with power and/or authority to bind any
claims held by it, from the PSA Effective Date until the occurrence of a Termination Date (as defined in  Section 11 )
applicable to such Noteholder Plan Support Party: 

(a)  use commercially reasonable efforts to support and cooperate with the Debtors to take all commercially
reasonable actions necessary to consummate the Restructuring Transactions in accordance with the Plan and the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and the Plan Mediation Term Sheet (but without limiting consent, approval, or termination rights provided in
this Agreement and the Definitive Documentation), including vote all of its claims against, or interests in, as applicable, the
Debtors now or hereafter owned by such Noteholder Plan Support Party (or for which such Noteholder Plan Support Party now or hereafter
has voting control over) to accept the Plan in accordance with the applicable procedures set forth in the Disclosure Statement,
the Second Supplement, and the solicitation materials with respect to the Plan (collectively, the    Solicitation Materials   );
as approved consistent with the Bankruptcy Code upon receipt of Solicitation Materials approved by the Court and timely return
a duly-executed ballot in connection therewith;   

(b)  not withdraw, amend, or revoke (or cause to be withdrawn, amended, or revoked) its tender, consent,
or vote with respect to the Plan;  provided ,  however , that upon termination of this Agreement, the votes of the Noteholder
Plan Support Parties shall be deemed immediately withdrawn and deemed timely votes to reject the Plan unless the applicable Noteholder
Plan Support Party elects otherwise in writing to the Debtors, and each Party agrees that nothing in this Agreement, the Bankruptcy
Code, or applicable law prohibits such Noteholder Plan Support Party from making such election; and   

(c)  use commercially reasonable efforts to support and not object to, delay, impede, or take any other
action to interfere with the Restructuring Transactions, or propose, file, support, or vote for any restructuring, workout, or
chapter 11 plan for any of the Debtors other than the Restructuring Transactions and the Plan (but without limiting consent,
approval, or termination rights provided in this Agreement and the Definitive Documentation).   

Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall require any Second Lien Plan Support Party to take any action or refrain
from taking any action that is inconsistent with such Second Lien Plan Support Party s obligations under that certain Intercreditor
Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2015, between The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, as Priority Lien Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association,
as Second Lien Collateral Trustee. 

Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement and neither a vote to accept the Plan by any Noteholder Plan Support Party nor
the acceptance of the Plan by any Noteholder Plan Support Party shall (w) be construed to prohibit any Noteholder Plan Support
Party from contesting whether any matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this Agreement or the Definitive
Documentation, or exercising rights or remedies specifically reserved herein, (x) be construed to limit any Noteholder Plan
Support Party s rights under any applicable indenture, credit agreement, other loan document, and/or applicable law or to
prohibit any Noteholder Plan Support Party from appearing as a party-in-interest in any matter to be adjudicated in the Chapter 11
Cases, so long as, from the PSA Effective Date until the occurrence of a Termination Date, such appearance and the positions advocated
in connection therewith are consistent with this Agreement and are not for the purpose of hindering, delaying, or preventing the
consummation of the Restructuring Transactions,  provided ,  however , that any delay or other impact on consummation
of the Restructuring Transactions caused by a Noteholder Plan Support Party s opposition to any relief that is inconsistent
with the terms of this Agreement, the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, or the Plan shall not constitute a violation of this Agreement, 
 or (y) impair or waive the rights of any Noteholder Plan Support Party to assert or raise any objection permitted under
this Agreement in connection with any hearing on confirmation of the Plan or in the Court. 

6.             Commitment
of the Creditors  Committee  . The Creditors  Committee (solely in its capacity as an official committee) shall
from the PSA Effective Date until the occurrence of a Termination Event (as defined in  Section 9 ) applicable to the
Creditors  Committee: 

(a)  Subject to  Sub-Clause (c)  of this  Section 6 , use commercially reasonable efforts
to support and cooperate with the Debtors to take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to consummate the Restructuring
Transactions in accordance with the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement (but without limiting consent, approval,
or termination rights provided in this Agreement, the Plan and the Definitive Documentation).   

(b)  Subject to  Sub-Clause (c)  of this  Section 6 , use commercially reasonable efforts
to not object to, delay, impede, or take any other action to interfere with the Restructuring Transactions, or propose, file or
support any restructuring, workout, or chapter 11 plan for any of the Debtors other than the Restructuring Transactions and
the Plan.   

(c)  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall (i) be construed
to prohibit the Creditors  Committee from contesting whether any matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent
with, this Agreement or the Definitive Documentation, or exercising rights or remedies specifically reserved herein, (ii) be construed
to limit the Creditors  Committee s rights under applicable law or to prohibit the Creditors  Committee from
appearing as a party-in-interest in any matter to be adjudicated in the Chapter 11 Cases, so long as, from the PSA Effective Date
until the occurrence of a Termination Date, such appearance and the positions advocated in connection therewith are consistent
with this Agreement and the Plan Mediation Term Sheet and are not for the purpose of hindering, delaying, or preventing the consummation
of the Restructuring Transactions,  provided ,  however , that any delay or other impact on consummation of the Restructuring
Transactions caused by the Creditors  Committee s opposition to any relief that is inconsistent with the terms of this
Agreement or the Plan shall not constitute a violation of this Agreement, or (ii) impair or waive the rights of the Creditors 
Committee to assert or raise any objection permitted under this Agreement in connection with any hearing on confirmation of the
Plan or in the Court.   

(d)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Creditors 
Committee from taking or refraining from taking any action that, after receiving advice from counsel, it is obligated to take or
refrain from taking in the performance of its fiduciary obligations under applicable law. Further, for the avoidance of doubt,
and notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary herein, in order to fulfill its fiduciary obligations, the Creditors 
Committee may analyze and consider unsolicited proposals or offers for any alternative chapter 11 plan or restructuring transaction
and may ask clarifying questions regarding that offer without breaching its obligations under this Agreement or giving rise to
a Termination Event.   

(e)  The Creditors  Committee agrees to submit a letter, which shall be included in the Solicitation
Materials, recommending that the Debtors  unsecured creditors vote in favor of the Plan, which letter and recommendation
shall not be subsequently withdrawn,  provided however,  that if this Agreement is terminated with respect to the Creditors 
Committee for any reason such letter shall be deemed automatically withdrawn and shall not be utilized by the Debtors for any further
purpose without the express written consent of the Creditors  Committee.   

For the avoidance of doubt,
the obligations of the Creditors  Committee under this Agreement shall be binding on the Creditors  Committee itself,
and nothing set forth in this Agreement shall be construed to bind any individual member of the Creditors  Committee in its
individual capacity, unless such member has separately executed this Agreement in its individual capacity. 

7.             Commitment
of the Debtors  . 

(a)  Subject to  Sub-Clause (b)  of this  Section 7 , each of the Debtors (i) agrees
to (A) support and make commercially reasonable efforts to complete the Restructuring Transactions set forth in the Plan and
this Agreement, (B) take any and all necessary and appropriate actions in furtherance of the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, the
Plan and this Agreement, and (C) make reasonable best efforts to complete the Restructuring Transactions set forth in the Plan
in accordance with each Milestone set forth in  Section 4  of this Agreement, and (ii) shall not undertake any action inconsistent
with the adoption and implementation of the Plan and the confirmation thereof, including, without limitation, filing any motion
to terminate this Agreement.   

(b)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the directors,
officers, or managers of any Debtor (in such person s capacity as a director, officer, or manager of such Debtor) from taking
or refraining from taking any action that, after receiving advice from counsel, it is obligated to take or refrain from taking
in the performance of its fiduciary obligations under applicable law.   

(c)  The Debtors shall timely file a formal objection, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
the Majority Plan Support Parties, to any motion filed with the Court seeking the entry of an order (i) directing the appointment
of a trustee or examiner (with expanded powers beyond those set forth in section 1106(a)(3) and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code), (ii)
converting the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, or (iii) dismissing the Chapter 11 Cases.   

(d)  The Debtors shall timely file a formal objection, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
the Majority Plan Support Parties, to any motion filed with the Court seeking the entry of an order modifying or terminating the
Debtors  exclusive right to file and/or solicit acceptances of a plan of reorganization, as applicable.   

(e)  The Debtors may receive (but not solicit) proposals or offers for any chapter 11 plan or restructuring
transaction (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction premised on an asset sale under section 363 of the Bankruptcy
Code) other than the Restructuring Transactions (an    Alternative Transaction   ) from other parties and
discuss such Alternative Transactions received;  provided ,  however , that the Debtors shall provide a copy of any written
offer or proposal (and notice of all terms of any oral offer or proposal) for an Alternative Transaction received to the legal
counsel and financial advisors to Plan Support Parties within one (1) day of the Debtors  or their advisors  receipt
of such offer or proposal.   

For the avoidance of doubt,
nothing in this  Section 7  shall be construed to limit in any way any Plan Support Party s rights under this Agreement,
including upon occurrence of any Termination Event. 

8.             Plan
Support Party Termination Events  . Each of the Majority Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the Creditors  Committee,
the Majority EGC Plan Support Parties, and the Majority EPL Plan Support Parties (each such group, a    Terminating Support
Group   ) shall have the right, but not the obligation, upon notice to the other Parties, to terminate the obligations
of the Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the Creditors  Committee, the EGC Plan Support Parties, and the EPL Plan Support
Parties, respectively, under this Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events (other than with respect to the
events enumerated in  Sections 8(h) and (m) ), unless waived, in writing, by the Majority Plan Support Parties on a prospective
or retroactive basis (each, a    Plan Support Party Termination Event   ). Only the Majority Second Lien
Plan Support Parties shall have the right, but not the obligation, upon notice to the other Parties, to terminate the obligations
of the Second Lien Plan Support Parties under this Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the events enumerated in  Sections
8(h) and (m) : 

(a)  the failure to meet any of the Milestones in Section 4 unless (i) such failure is the
direct result of any act, omission, or delay on the part of any Plan Support Party in violation of its obligations under this Agreement
or (ii) such Milestone is extended in accordance with  Section 4 ;   

(b)  the conversion of one or more of the Chapter 11 Cases to a case under chapter 7 of the
Bankruptcy Code;   

(c)  the appointment of a trustee, receiver, or examiner with expanded powers beyond those set forth
in section 1106(a)(3) and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code in one or more of the Chapter 11 Cases;   

(d)  any Debtor (i) files, amends or modifies, or files a pleading seeking authority to amend or modify,
the Definitive Documentation in a manner that is inconsistent with this Agreement, the Plan, or the Plan Mediation Term Sheet,
(ii) revokes the Restructuring Transactions without the prior consent of the Majority Plan Support Parties, or (ii) publicly announces
its intention to take any such acts listed in (i) or (ii) of this  Sub-Clause (d) ;   

(e)  any Debtor files or publicly announces that it will file or joins in or supports any plan of reorganization
other than the Plan;   

(f)  a material breach by any Debtor or the Creditors  Committee of any representation, warranty,
or covenant of such Debtor or the Creditors  Committee set forth in this Agreement (it being understood and agreed that any
actions required to be taken by the Debtors or the Creditors  Committee that are included in the Plan Mediation Term Sheet
attached to this Agreement but not in this Agreement are to be considered    covenants    of the Debtors
and the Creditors  Committee, and therefore covenants of this Agreement, notwithstanding the failure of any specific provision
in the Plan Mediation Term Sheet to be re-copied in this Agreement) that could reasonably be expected to impair the economic treatment
provided under the Plan Mediation Term Sheet for the applicable Terminating Support Group (or the constituency such Terminating
Support Group represents) or prevent confirmation of the Plan in accordance with the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, which (to the extent
curable) remains uncured for a period of five (5) business days after the receipt by the Plan Support Parties or the Debtors
or the Creditors  Committee (as applicable) of written notice of such breach;  provided ,  however , that the Debtors
or the Creditors  Committee, as applicable shall provide written notice of such breach promptly upon becoming aware of such
breach following reasonable inquiry;   

(g)  a material breach by a Plan Support Party that is not or was not formerly a member of the same
ad hoc group or ad hoc committee as the Terminating Support Group of any representation, warranty, or covenant of such Plan Support
Party set forth in this Agreement that could reasonably be expected to impair the economic treatment provided under the Plan Mediation
Term Sheet for the applicable Terminating Support Group (or the constituency such Terminating Support Group represents) or prevent
confirmation of the Plan in accordance with the Plan Mediation Term Sheet (to the extent curable) remains uncured for a period
of five (5) business days after the receipt by such Plan Support Party of notice and description of such breach; provided, however,
that in the event of such breach, the Debtors and the Majority Plan Support Parties (excluding the breaching Plan Support Party)
may elect to terminate this Agreement as to such breaching Plan Support Party, in which case such Plan Support Party shall no longer
be considered a Party to this Agreement and all Parties reserve their rights against the breaching Party;   

(h)  with the exception of any challenge that is the subject of a pleading that has been filed with
the Court as of the PSA Effective Date, (which pleadings need not be withdrawn until the Plan is confirmed and the Effective Date
occurs),either (i) any Party files, supports, or directs any party to file or support a motion, application, or adversary proceeding
(A) challenging the validity, enforceability, perfection, or priority of, or seeking avoidance or subordination of the Second Lien
Notes Claims or the liens securing such claims, or (B) asserting any other cause of action against and/or with respect or relating
to such claims or the prepetition liens securing such claims; or (ii) the Court (or any court with jurisdiction over the Chapter
11 Cases) enters an order providing relief against the interests of any Second Lien Plan Support Party, the Second Lien Noteholders,
the Second Lien Indenture Trustee, or the collateral agent under the Second Lien Indenture with respect to any of the foregoing
causes of action or proceedings;   

(i)  any Debtor or the Creditors  Committee terminates its obligations under and in accordance
with this Agreement;   

(j)  any board, director, officer, or manager (or party with authority to act) of a Debtor (or the Debtors
themselves) takes any action in furtherance of the rights available to it (or them) under  Section 7(b)  of this Agreement
that are inconsistent with the Restructuring Transactions as contemplated by the Plan Mediation Term Sheet;   

(k)  any of the orders approving this Agreement, the Plan, the Second Supplement, or any supplement
to the Disclosure Statement are (A) stayed and such stay is not vacated or does not expire by its own terms by the later of the
applicable Milestone for the entry of such order or 14 days after the imposition of such stay, (B) vacated and no replacement order
(which otherwise complies with the terms of this Agreement) is entered by the later of the applicable Milestone for entry of such
order or 5 days after such vacatur, or (C) reversed;   

(l)  the failure of any Definitive Documentation to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Majority Plan Support Parties; or   

(m)  the Creditors  Committee fails to comply with  Section 6(e)  of this Agreement.   

(n)  In addition to the foregoing, the Creditors  Committee shall have the right, but not the
obligation, upon notice to the other Parties, to terminate the Creditors  Committee s obligations under this Agreement
(i) upon the occurrence of any Plan Support Party Termination Event unless waived, in writing, by the Majority Plan Support Parties
and the Creditors  Committee on a prospective or retroactive basis, and (ii) if the Creditors  Committee determines,
after receiving advice from counsel, that proceeding with the Restructuring Transactions (including, without limitation, the Plan
or solicitation of the Plan) would be inconsistent with the exercise of its fiduciary duties.   

9.             The
Debtors  Termination Events  . Each Debtor may, upon notice to the Plan Support Parties, terminate its obligations
under this Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each a    Debtor Termination Event  , 
and together with the Plan Support Party Termination Events, the    Termination Events   ), in which case
this Agreement shall terminate with respect to all Parties, subject to the rights of the Debtors to fully or conditionally waive,
in writing, on a prospective or retroactive basis, the occurrence of a Debtor Termination Event: 

(a)  a material breach by a Plan Support Party of any representation, warranty, or covenant of such
Plan Support Party set forth in this Agreement that could reasonably be expected to prevent confirmation of the Plan in accordance
with the Plan Mediation Term Sheet;   

(b)  upon notice to the Plan Support Parties, if the board of directors or board of managers, as applicable,
of a Debtor determines, after receiving advice from counsel, that proceeding with the Restructuring Transactions (including, without
limitation, the Plan or solicitation of the Plan) would be inconsistent with the exercise of its fiduciary duties; or   

(c)  the issuance by any governmental authority, including the Court, any regulatory authority, or any
other court of competent jurisdiction, of any ruling or order that could reasonably be expected to prevent confirmation of the
Plan in accordance with the Plan Mediation Term Sheet;  provided ,  however , that the Debtors have made commercially
reasonable, good faith efforts to cure, vacate, or have overruled such ruling or order prior to terminating this Agreement.   

10.           Individual
Termination   .  (a) Any Plan Support Party may terminate this Agreement as to itself in the event that the Milestone
set forth in  Sub-Clause (c)  of  Section 4  is not met, (b) any Plan Support Party may terminate this Agreement as to
itself in the event the economic treatment provided under the Plan or the Plan Mediation Term Sheet for such Plan Support Party
is amended or modified in a manner adverse to such Plan Support Party (or the constituency such Plan Support Party represents),
or (c) any Second Lien Plan Support Party may terminate this Agreement as to itself in the event   that any Definitive Document
is filed or executed that specifically provides, with respect to distributions under the Plan, for the allocation for tax purposes
between principal and interest in a manner that is not acceptable to such Second Lien Plan Support Party, in each case, by giving
ten (10) business days  notice to the Debtors and the other Plan Support Parties within five (5) business days of such missed
Milestone, filing, or execution. 

11.           Mutual
Termination; Automatic Termination  . This Agreement and the 
obligations of all Parties hereunder may be terminated by mutual written agreement by and among (a) each of the Debtors and (b)
each of the Majority Plan Support Parties. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate
automatically upon the occurrence of the Effective Date. 

12.           Effect
of Termination  . The earliest date on which termination of this Agreement as to a Party is effective in accordance with
 Sections 8 ,  9 ,  10  or  11  of this Agreement shall be referred to, with respect to such Party, as
a    Termination Date  .  Upon the occurrence of a Termination Date, the terminating Party s and, solely
in the case of a Termination Date in accordance with  Section 11 , all Parties  obligations under this Agreement shall
be terminated effective immediately, and such Party or Parties hereto shall be released from all commitments, undertakings, and
agreements hereunder;  provided ,  however , that each of the following shall survive any such termination: (a) any
claim for breach of this Agreement that occurs prior to such Termination Date, and all rights and remedies with respect to such
claims shall not be prejudiced in any way; (b) the Debtors  obligations in  Section 15  of this Agreement
accrued up to and including such Termination Date; and (c)  Sections 12 ,  16 ,  18 ,  19 ,  20 ,
 21 ,  22 ,  23 ,  24 ,  25 ,  26 ,  29 ,  31 , and  32  hereof. The automatic stay
applicable under section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code shall not prohibit a Party from taking any action necessary to effectuate the
termination of this Agreement pursuant to and in accordance with the terms hereof. The Parties agree that the giving of notice
under and/or termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms is not prohibited as a matter of law by the automatic stay
imposed by section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code, and the Debtors agree not to raise any argument or take any position to the contrary. 
To the extent the Debtors raise any such argument or take any such position, the occurrence of any of the Termination Events in
 Section 8  of this Agreement shall result in an automatic termination of the Agreement. 

13.           Transfers
of Claims and Interests  . 

(a)  No Noteholder Plan Support Party shall (i) sell, transfer, assign, pledge, grant a participation
interest in, or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, its right, title, or interest in respect of any of such Noteholder
Plan Support Party s claims against any Debtor subject to this Agreement, as applicable, in whole or in part, or (ii) deposit
any of such Noteholder Plan Support Party s claims against any Debtor, as applicable, into a voting trust, or grant any proxies,
or enter into a voting agreement with respect to any such claims or interests (the actions described in clauses (i) and (ii)
are collectively referred to herein as a    Transfer    and the Noteholder Plan Support Party making such
Transfer is referred to herein as the    Transferor   ), unless such Transfer is to another Noteholder Plan
Support Party or any other entity that first agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement by executing and delivering
to the Debtors a Transferee Joinder substantially in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit C   (the    Transferee
Joinder   ). With respect to claims against or interests in a Debtor held by the relevant transferee upon consummation
of a Transfer in accordance herewith, such transferee is deemed to make all of the representations, warranties, and covenants of
a Noteholder Plan Support Party, as applicable, set forth in this Agreement. Upon compliance with the foregoing, the Transferor
shall be deemed to relinquish its rights (and be released from its obligations, except for any claim for breach of this Agreement
that occurs prior to such Transfer) under this Agreement to the extent of such transferred rights and obligations. Any Transfer
made in violation of this  Sub-Clause (a)  of this  Section 13  shall be deemed null and void  ab initio  and of
no force or effect, regardless of any prior notice provided to the Debtors and/or any Noteholder Plan Support Party, and shall
not create any obligation or liability of any Debtor or any other Plan Support Party to the purported transferee.   

(b)  Notwithstanding  Sub-Clause (a)  of this  Section 13 , (i) an entity that is
acting in its capacity as a Qualified Marketmaker shall not be required to be or become a Noteholder Plan Support Party to effect
any transfer (by purchase, sale, assignment, participation, or otherwise) of any claim against any Debtor, as applicable, by a
Plan Support Party to a transferee;  provided   that  such transfer by a Noteholder Plan Support Party to a transferee
shall be in all other respects in accordance with and subject to  Sub-Clause (a)  of this  Section 13 ; and
(ii) to the extent that a Noteholder Plan Support Party, acting in its capacity as a Qualified Marketmaker, acquires any claim
against, or interest in, any Debtor from a holder of such claim who is not a Noteholder Plan Support Party, it may transfer (by
purchase, sale, assignment, participation, or otherwise) such claim or interest without the requirement that the transferee be
or become a Plan Support Party in accordance with this  Section 13 . For purposes of this  Sub-Clause (b) ,
a    Qualified Marketmaker    means an entity that (x) holds itself out to the market as standing ready in
the ordinary course of its business to purchase from customers and sell to customers claims against any of the Debtors (including
debt securities or other debt) or enter with customers into long and short positions in claims against the Debtors (including debt
securities or other debt), in its capacity as a dealer or market maker in such claims against the Debtors, and (y) is in fact regularly
in the business of making a market in claims against issuers or borrowers (including debt securities or other debt).   

14.           Further
Acquisition of Claims or Interests  . Except as set forth in  Section 13 , nothing in this Agreement shall be construed
as precluding any Noteholder Plan Support Party or any of its affiliates from acquiring additional First Lien Claims, Second Lien
Notes Claims, unsecured notes claims, existing equity interests, or interests in the instruments underlying the First Lien Claims,
Second Lien Notes Claims, unsecured notes claims, or existing equity interests;  provided ,  however , that any additional
First Lien Claims, Second Lien Notes Claims, unsecured notes claims, existing equity interests, or interests in the underlying
instruments acquired by any Noteholder Plan Support Party and with respect to which such Noteholder Plan Support Party is the legal
owner, beneficial owner, and/or investment advisor or manager of or with power and/or authority to bind any claims or interests
held by it shall automatically be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Upon any such further acquisition, such
Noteholder Plan Support Party shall notify the Debtors in advance of the Confirmation Hearing. 

15.           Fees
and Expenses  . On the Effective Date (and thereafter with respect to fees and expenses relating to post-Effective Date services),
the Debtors shall pay in Cash all reasonable and documented unpaid fees and expenses of the Second Lien Plan Support Parties and
the Ad Hoc Committee of Second Lien Noteholders and their advisors, including counsel, without application to or approval of the
Court;  provided ,  however  that such fees and expenses will be subject to review as set forth in the Final Cash Collateral
Order (whether or not the Final Cash Collateral Order remains in effect as of the Effective Date). 

16.           Consents
and Acknowledgments  . Each Party irrevocably acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement is not and shall not be deemed
to be a solicitation for consents to the Plan. The acceptance of the Plan by each of the Plan Support Parties will not be solicited
until such Parties have received the Second Supplement and related ballots in accordance with applicable law, and will be subject
to sections 1125, 1126 and 1127 of the Bankruptcy Code. The EGC Plan Support Parties and the EPL Plan Support Parties agree
that the agreements set forth herein constitute a direction to the applicable trustees for the EGC Unsecured Notes Indenture and
the EPL Unsecured Notes Indenture, respectively, to take all necessary and appropriate actions to carry out the intent and purpose
of this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby. 

17.           Representations
and Warranties  . 

(a)  Each Plan Support Party hereby represents and warrants on a several and not joint basis for itself
and not any other person or entity that the following statements are true, correct, and complete, to the best of its actual knowledge,
as of the date hereof:   

(i)  it has the requisite organizational power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry
out the transactions contemplated by, and perform its respective obligations under, this Agreement (as limited by the Bankruptcy
Code and applicable law with respect to the Creditors  Committee);   

(ii)  the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action on its part;   

(iii)  the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement does not violate any provision
of law, rule, or regulation applicable to it, or its certificate of incorporation, or bylaws, or other organizational documents
in any material respect;   

(iv)  subject to the provisions of sections 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code, this Agreement is the
legally valid and binding obligation of it, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors  rights generally,
or by equitable principles relating to enforceability;   

(v)  except for the Creditors  Committee, it is an  accredited investor  within the
meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the    Securities
Act   ), with sufficient knowledge and experience to evaluate properly the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
to consult with its legal and financial advisors with respect to its investment decision to execute this Agreement, and it has
made its own analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement;   

(vi)  except for the Creditors  Committee, it (A) either (1) is the sole owner of the claims and
interests identified below its name on its signature page hereof and in the amounts set forth therein, or (2) has all necessary
investment or voting discretion with respect to the principal amount of claims and interests identified below its name on its signature
page hereof, and has the power and authority to bind the owner(s) of such claims and interests to the terms of this Agreement;
(B) is entitled (for its own accounts or for the accounts of such other owners) to all of the rights and economic benefits of such
claims and interests; or (C) does not directly or indirectly own any claims against any Debtor other than as identified below its
name on its signature page hereof; and   

(vii)  solely for the Creditors  Committee, the Creditors  Committee has been represented
by counsel in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Agreement.   

(b)  Each Debtor hereby represents and warrants on a joint and several basis (and not any other person
or entity other than the Debtors) that the following statements are true, correct, and complete as of the date hereof:   

(i)  it has the requisite corporate or other organizational power and authority to enter into this Agreement
and to carry out the transactions contemplated by, and perform its respective obligations under, this Agreement;   

(ii)  the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action on its part, including approval of each of the independent
director(s) or manager(s), as applicable, of each of the corporate entities that comprise the Debtors;   

(iii)  the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement does not (A) violate its certificates of
incorporation, or bylaws, or other organizational documents, or those of any of its affiliates, or (B) result in a breach
of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, a breach or default
that would be triggered as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases or any Debtor s undertaking to implement the Restructuring
Transactions through the Chapter 11 Cases) under any material contractual obligation to which it or any of its affiliates
is a party;   

(iv)  the Plan Mediation Term Sheet and this Agreement have been reviewed, approved and authorized by
each of the independent directors of EGC and EPL, respectively, each of whom has had the benefit of the advice of independent counsel
and a financial advisor, and such independent directors (A) have concluded that the Debtors  entry into this Agreement and
performance of their obligations hereunder are in the best interests of the EGC and EPL estates (as applicable) under the circumstances
and (B) approve, authorize and support the Debtors  proposal, prosecution, confirmation, and consummation of the Plan and
other Definitive Documents on the terms described in the Plan Mediation Term Sheet and the Definitive Documents prepared in accordance
with this Agreement;   

(v)  the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement does not require any registration or filing
with, the consent or approval of, notice to, or any other action with any federal, state, or other governmental authority or regulatory
body, other than, for the avoidance of doubt, the actions with governmental authorities or regulatory bodies required in connection
with implementation of the Restructuring Transactions;   

(vi)  subject to the provisions of sections 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code and, to the extent
applicable, approval by the Court, this Agreement is the legally valid and binding obligation of it, enforceable against it in
accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other
similar laws relating to or limiting creditors  rights generally, or by equitable principles relating to enforceability;
and   

(vii)  it has sufficient knowledge and experience to evaluate properly the terms and conditions of the
Plan and this Agreement, and has been afforded the opportunity to consult with its legal and financial advisors with respect to
its decision to execute this Agreement, and it has made its own analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and otherwise
investigated this matter to its full satisfaction.   

(c)  Each of the Plan Support Parties and the Debtors (including the independent directors of EGC and
EPL, respectively) agree to support consummation of the Restructuring Transactions in accordance with the Plan Mediation Term Sheet
and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to take all actions as may be appropriate to consummate the Restructuring Transactions,
including, without limitation, filing pleadings and making statements in open Court in support of the Restructuring Transactions.   

18.           Survival
of Agreement  . Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that (i) the rights granted in this Agreement are enforceable
by each signatory hereto without approval of any court, including the Court, and (ii) the Debtors waive any rights to assert that
the exercise of such rights violate the automatic stay or any other provisions of the Bankruptcy Code. 

19.           Waiver  .
If the Restructuring Transactions contemplated herein are not consummated, or following the occurrence of a Termination Event,
if applicable, nothing herein shall be construed as a waiver by any Party of any or all of such Party s rights, other than
as provided in  Section 16 , and the Parties expressly reserve any and all of their respective rights. The Parties acknowledge
that this Agreement, the Plan, and all negotiations relating hereto are part of a proposed settlement of matters that could otherwise
be the subject of litigation. Pursuant to Rule 408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence, any applicable state rules of evidence
and any other applicable law, foreign or domestic, the Plan, this Agreement, the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, any related documents,
and all negotiations relating thereto shall not be admissible into evidence in any proceeding other than a proceeding to enforce
its terms. 

20.           Relationship
Among Parties  . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the duties and obligations of the Plan Support Parties
under this Agreement shall be several, not joint. No Party shall have any responsibility by virtue of this Agreement for any trading
by any other entity. No prior history, pattern, or practice of sharing confidences among or between the Parties shall in any way
affect or negate this Agreement. The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement does not constitute an agreement, arrangement, or
understanding with respect to acting together for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting, or disposing of any equity securities
of the Debtors and do not constitute a  group  within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended. No action taken by any Plan Support Party pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute or to create
a presumption by any of the Parties that the Plan Support Parties are in any way acting in concert or as such a  group.  

21.           Specific
Performance  . It is understood and agreed by the Parties that money damages may be an insufficient remedy for any breach
of this Agreement by any Party and each non-breaching Party shall be entitled to seek specific performance and injunctive or other
equitable relief as a remedy of any such breach of this Agreement, including, without limitation, an order of the Court or other
court of competent jurisdiction requiring any Party to comply promptly with any of its obligations hereunder. 

22.           Governing
Law   Jurisdiction  . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of
New York, without regard to such state s choice of law provisions which would require or permit the application of the law
of any other jurisdiction. By its execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Party (a) agrees that the Court shall have exclusive
jurisdiction of all matters arising out of or in connection with this Agreement and (b) irrevocably and unconditionally submits
to the personal jurisdiction of the Court solely for purposes of any action, suit, proceeding, or other contested matter arising
out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment rendered or order entered in any such action,
suit, proceeding, or other contested matter. 

23.           Waiver
of Right to Trial by Jury  . Each of the Parties waives any right to have a jury participate in resolving any dispute, whether
sounding in contract, tort or otherwise, between any of the Parties arising out of, connected with, relating to, or incidental
to the relationship established between any of them in connection with this Agreement. Instead, any disputes resolved in court
shall be resolved in a bench trial without a jury. 

24.           Successors
and Assigns  . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit
of each of the Parties and each of their respective permitted successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, and representatives. 

25.           No
Third-Party Beneficiaries  . Unless expressly stated herein, this Agreement shall be solely for the benefit of the Parties
and no other person or entity shall be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement. 

26.            Notices  .
All notices (including, without limitation, any notice of termination or breach) and other communications from any Party hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if personally delivered by courier service, messenger, email, or
facsimile to the other Parties at the applicable addresses below, or such other addresses as may be furnished hereafter by notice
in writing. Any notice of termination or breach shall be delivered to all other Parties. 

(a)  If to any Debtor:   

Energy XXI Ltd 
Attn:    John D. Schiller 
1021 Main, Suite 2626 
Houston, TX 77002 
Tel:     (713) 351-3000 
Fax:    (713) 351-33000 
Email:  jschiller@energyxxi.com 

with a copy to:  

Vinson   Elkins L.L.P. 
Attn:    Harry A. Perrin 
1001 Fannin Street 

 Houston, TX 10022-4611 
Tel:     (713) 758-2222 
Fax:    (713) 758-2346 
Email:  hperrin@velaw.com 

Vinson   Elkins L.L.P. 
Attn:    David S. Meyer 
666 Fifth Avenue, 26 th  Floor 
New York, NY 10103-0040 
Tel:     (212) 237-0000 
Fax:    (212) 237-0100 
Email:  dmeyer@velaw.com 

(b)  If to a Second Lien Plan Support Party:   

To the address
set forth on its signature page hereto 

with a copy to  

Milbank, Tweed, Hadley   McCloy
LLP 

 Attn:    Dennis
F. Dunne and Samuel A. Khalil 

 28 Liberty Street 

New York, NY 10005 

 Tel:      (212)
530-5000 

 Fax:      (212)
530-5219 

 Email:   ddunne@milbank.com 

    skhalil@milbank.com 

(c)  If to the Creditors  Committee:   

Latham   Watkins LLP 

 Attn:    Mitchell
A. Seider and Adam J. Goldberg 

 885 Third Avenue 

 New York, NY 

 Tel:      (212) 906-1637 

 Fax:      (212) 751-4864 

 Email:   mitchell.seider@lw.com 

    adam.goldberg@lw.com 

and 

Heller, Draper, Patrick, Horn  
Dabney, L.L.C. 

 Attn: William H. Patrick III and Tristan
Manthey 

 650 Poydras Street, Suite 2500 

 New Orleans, Louisiana 70130 

 Tel:      (504)
299-3345 

 Fax:      (504)299-3399 

 Email:   wpatrick@hellerdraper.com 

    tmanthey@hellerdraper.com 

(d)  If to an EGC Plan Support Party:   

To the address
set forth on its signature page hereto 

with a copy
to   

White   Case
LLP 

 Southeast Financial
Center 

 200 South Biscayne
Boulevard, Suite 4900 

 Miami, Florida
33131-2532 

 Attn: Thomas E
Lauria 

and 

White   Case
LLP 

 1155 Avenue of
the Americas 

 New York, New York
10036-2787 

 Attn:  Harrison
Denman 

 Andrew Zatz 

(e)  If to an EPL Plan Support Party:   

To the address
set forth on its signature page hereto 

with a copy
to   

Wilmer Cutler Pickering
Hale and Dorr LLP 

 7 World Trade Center 

 250 Greenwich Street 

 New York, NY 10007 

 Attn: Philip D.
Anker 

and 

Wilmer Cutler Pickering
Hale and Dorr LLP 

 60 State Street 

 Boston MA 02109 

 Attn: Dennis L.
Jenkins 

27.           Entire
Agreement  . This Agreement (including the Exhibits and Schedules) constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties with respect
to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior negotiations, agreements, and understandings, whether written
or oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 

28.           Amendments  .
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement may not be modified, amended, or supplemented without the prior written consent
of the Debtors and the Majority Plan Support Parties;  provided ,  however , that (a) the prior written consent of all
Parties shall be required to modify, amend, or supplement  Sections 10(a)  or  10(b)  of this Agreement and (b) the prior
written consent of all Second Lien Plan Support Parties shall be required to modify, amend, or supplement  Section 10(c) 
of this Agreement. 

29.           Reservation
of Rights  . 

(a)  Except as expressly provided in this Agreement or the Plan Mediation Term Sheet, including  Section 5(a) 
of this Agreement, nothing herein is intended to, or does, in any manner waive, limit, impair, or restrict the ability of any Party
to protect and preserve its rights, remedies and interests, including without limitation, its claims against any of the other Parties.   

(b)  Without limiting  Sub-Clause (a)  of this  Section 29  in any way, if the Plan
is not consummated in the manner set forth, and on the timeline set forth, in this Agreement and the Plan Mediation Term Sheet,
or if this Agreement is terminated for any reason, nothing shall be construed herein as a waiver by any Party of any or all of
such Party s rights, remedies, claims, and defenses and the Parties expressly reserve any and all of their respective rights,
remedies, claims and defenses, subject to  Section 19  of this Agreement. The Plan Mediation Term Sheet, this Agreement,
the Plan, and any related document shall in no event be construed as or be deemed to be evidence of an admission or concession
on the part of any Party of any claim or fault or liability or damages whatsoever. Each of the Parties denies any and all wrongdoing
or liability of any kind and does not concede any infirmity in the claims or defenses which it has asserted or could assert.   

30.        Counterparts  .
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall constitute the same instrument,
and the counterparts may be delivered by facsimile transmission or by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf). 

31.        Public
Disclosure  . This Agreement, as well as its terms, its existence, and the existence of the negotiation of its terms are
expressly subject to any existing confidentiality agreements executed by and among any of the Parties as of the date hereof;  provided ,
 however , that, after the PSA Effective Date, the Parties may disclose the existence of, or the terms of, this Agreement
or any other material term of the transaction contemplated herein without the express written consent of the other Parties;  provided
further ,  however , that no Party or its advisors shall disclose to any person or entity (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, any other Party) the holdings information of any Plan Support Party without such Plan Support Party s prior written
consent. 

32.        Headings  .
The section headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of
this Agreement. 

33.        Interpretation  .
This Agreement is the product of negotiations among the Parties, and the enforcement or interpretation hereof, is to be interpreted
in a neutral manner, and any presumption with regard to interpretation for or against any Party by reason of that Party having
drafted or caused to be drafted this Agreement or any portion hereof, shall not be effective in regard to the interpretation hereof. 

[ Signatures and exhibits follow. ] 

[ Signature
Pages Redacted. ]   

Exhibit A  to the Plan Support Agreement 

Plan Mediation Term Sheet 

EXXI   Plan
Mediation Term Sheet   1  

I.    Definitions:    

Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders    means the ad hoc group of
holders of EGC Unsecured Notes, represented by White   Case LLP, as defined in that certain Verified Statement of White  
Case LLP and the Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2019 filed on or about June 10, 2016 [Docket
No. 475], as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time.   

Ad Hoc Group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders    means (a) the ad hoc group
of holders of EPL 8.25% Senior Notes, represented by Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP, as defined in that certain Sixth
Supplemental Verified Statement Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2019 filed on or about November 3, 2016 [Docket No. 1617], as it may
be amended or supplemented from time to time, and (b) the  EPL Sponsor Group,  as defined in that certain First Supplemental
Verified Statement Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2019 of Bryan Cave LLP and the EPL Sponsor Group filed on or about August 10, 2016
[Docket No. 1010], as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time.   

EGC New Warrant Package    means warrants equal to an aggregate of 3.6%
of the New Equity (subject to dilution from the Management Incentive Plan, but otherwise subject to anti-dilution adjustments for
stock dividends, stock splits, and similar combinations or subdivisions of the common stock) with a maturity of five (5) years
from the Effective Date and an equity strike price equal to $1.45 billion divided by the number of shares of common stock in New
Parent outstanding on the Effective Date.   

EGC Unsecured Notes Claims    means, collectively, Claims arising on account
of the EGC Unsecured Notes, including any guaranty Claims arising on account of the EGC Unsecured Notes and the EGC Unsecured Notes
Indentures, other than any Claims arising on account of the EGC Repurchased Bonds, which, for the purposes of this Plan, shall
not be considered EGC Unsecured Notes Claims.   

EPL New Warrant Package    means warrants equal to an aggregate of 2.4%
of the New Equity (subject to dilution from the Management Incentive Plan, but otherwise subject to anti-dilution adjustments for
stock dividends, stock splits, and similar combinations or subdivisions of the common stock) with a maturity of five (5) years
from the Effective Date and an equity strike price equal to $1.45 billion divided by the number of shares of common stock in New
Parent outstanding on the Effective Date.   

EPL Unsecured Notes Claims    means, collectively, Claims arising on account
of the EPL 8.25% Senior Notes other than any Claims arising on account of the EPL Repurchased Bonds, which, for purposes of this
Plan, shall not be considered EPL Unsecured Notes Claims.   

1   Capitalized terms used but not defined herein are used as defined in the  Debtors  First
Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization  [Docket No. 1418] (as amended, the    Plan   ) 
 or the Plan Support 
Agreement (as defined herein), as applicable.   

Exculpated Party    means each of the following solely in its capacity
as such: (a) the Debtors; (b) the Reorganized Debtors; (c) the Plan Support Parties; (d) the Creditors  Committee and
its past and current members in their capacities as such; (e)   the First Lien Agent; (f) the First Lien Secured Parties;
(g) the Second Lien Indenture Trustee; (h) the Second Lien Collateral Trustee; (i) the Provisional Liquidator; and (j) with respect
to each of the foregoing Entities in clauses (a) through (i), such Entity s current and former Affiliates, and such Entities 
and their current and former Affiliates  current and former directors, managers, officers, managed accounts and funds, predecessors,
successors, and assigns, subsidiaries, and each of their respective current and former officers, directors, managers, principals,
members, employees, subcontractors, agents, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners, attorneys, accountants, investment
bankers, consultants, representatives, management companies, fund advisors, and other professionals, each solely in their capacity
as such.   

Management Equity Pool    means up to 5% of the total New Equity on a
fully diluted basis reserved under the Management Incentive Plan, 3% of which will be allocated by the New Parent Board to officers,
directors, employees, and consultants of the Reorganized Debtors no later than 120 days after the Effective Date on terms and conditions
determined by the New Parent Board, including the type of equity based awards.    

New Warrant Agreement    means the document governing the New Warrant
Package, the form of which shall be included in the Plan Supplement. The New Warrant Agreement will (i) provide for anti-dilution
adjustments (in addition to those included in the definitions of EGC New Warrant Package and EPL New Warrant Package) solely for
spin-offs and other asset distributions and extraordinary cash distributions, and (ii)  provide that, in connection with a
merger or similar sale of New Parent, each warrant will become exercisable for  such cash, stock,
securities or other assets or property as would have been payable in such sale transaction  with respect to the New Parent
securities issuable upon exercise of such warrant if such warrant had been exercised immediately prior to the occurrence of such
transaction.   

New Warrant Package    means, collectively, the EGC New Warrant Package
and the EPL New Warrant Package.   

Plan     Support Agreement    means that certain plan support
agreement among the Debtors, the Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the Creditors  Committee, and the other Plan Support Parties
(except as otherwise noted herein) and satisfactory to the Debtors, the ad hoc committee of Second Lien Noteholders, the Creditors 
Committee, and the other Plan Support Parties.  

Plan Support Parties    means the Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the
Debtors, the Creditors  Committee, the EGC Plan Support Parties, the EGC Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee, the EPL Plan
Support Parties, the EPL Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee, and the EXXI 3.0% Senior Convertible Notes Trustee;  provided 
that the Indenture Trustees shall not be required to execute the Plan Support Agreement to become a Plan Support Party and shall
be deemed a Plan Support Party unless they file an objection to the approval, acceptance or implementation of the Plan and/or directly
or indirectly solicit votes to reject the Plan;  provided ,  further , that an Indenture Trustee shall remain a Plan
Support Party notwithstanding the filing of any objection to the Plan solely on the grounds that the Plan does not comply with
the Plan Support Agreement or this Plan Mediation Term Sheet or pertains solely to the effect of one or more specific Plan provisions
(including omissions) on the rights and duties of such Indenture Trustee.   

Released Party    means each of the following solely in its capacity as
such: (a) the Debtors; (b) the Reorganized Debtors; (c) the Creditors  Committee and its past and current members in
their capacities as such; (d) the First Lien Agent; (e) the First Lien Secured Parties; (f) the Plan Support Parties; (g) the Second
Lien Indenture Trustee; (h) the Second Lien Collateral Trustee; (i) the Provisional Liquidator; and (j) with respect
to each of the foregoing parties under (a) through (i) such Entity and its current and former Affiliates, and such Entity s
current and former Affiliates  current and former directors, managers, officers, managed accounts and funds, predecessors,
successors, and assigns, subsidiaries, and each of their respective current and former equity holders, officers, directors, managers,
principals, members, employees, subcontractors, agents, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners, attorneys, accountants,
investment bankers, consultants, representatives, management companies, fund advisors, and other professionals, each solely in
their capacity as such.   

Releasing Party    means each of the following solely in its capacity
as such: (a) the Debtors; (b) the Reorganized Debtors; (c) the Creditors  Committee and its past and current members
in their capacities as such; (d) the First Lien Agent; (e) the First Lien Secured Parties; (f) the Second Lien Indenture Trustee;
(g) the Plan Support Parties; (h) the Provisional Liquidator; (i) all holders of Claims and Interests that are deemed to accept
the Plan; (j) all holders of Claims and Interests who vote to accept the Plan; (k) all holders of Claims and Interests who abstain
from voting on the Plan and who do not opt out of the releases provided by the Plan; (l) all holders of Claims and Interests who
vote to reject the Plan and who do not opt out of the releases provided by the Plan; and (m) with respect to each of the foregoing
parties under (a) through (l), such Entity and its current and former Affiliates, and such Entities  and their current and
former Affiliates  current and former directors, managers, officers, managed accounts and funds, predecessors, successors,
and assigns, subsidiaries, and each of their respective current and former officers, directors, managers, principals, members,
employees, subcontractors, agents, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers,
consultants, representatives, management companies, fund advisors, and other professionals, each solely in their capacity as such.
For the avoidance of doubt, the term  Releasing Party  does not include (i) holders of Claims or Interests who are
not entitled to vote on the Plan or (ii) holders of EXXI Interests in their capacities as such.   

Second Lien Plan Support Parties    means the members of the ad hoc committee
of Second Lien Noteholders party to the Plan Support Agreement.   

II.    Changes to Current Plan Treatment:    

Each holder of an Allowed Second Lien Notes Claim receives such holder s Pro Rata share of
84% of the New Equity under the Plan, subject to dilution by the Management Incentive Plan and the New Warrant Package.   

Each
                                         holder of an Allowed EGC Unsecured Notes Claim receives such holder s Pro Rata
                                         share of (a) 12% of the New Equity under the Plan, subject to dilution by the Management
                                         Incentive Plan and the New Warrant Package, and (b) the EGC New Warrant Package. 2    

Each
                                         holder of an Allowed EPL Unsecured Notes Claim receives such holder s Pro Rata
                                         share of (a) 4% of the New Equity under the Plan, subject to dilution by the Management
                                         Incentive Plan and the New Warrant Package, and (b) the EPL New Warrant Package. 3    

Each holder of an Allowed EXXI Convertible Notes Claim receives such holder s Pro Rata share
of $2,000,000.   

III.    Settlements under the Plan:    

The Plan constitutes a settlement of all issues in respect of the Chapter 11 Cases (collectively,
the    Settled Issues   ), including, without limitation, the following:   

o   the EGC Intercompany Note Dispute and any other disputes concerning in any way the validity, effectiveness,
or priority of the EGC Intercompany Note or the Liens granted in connection therewith;   

o   the valuation of the Reorganized Debtors  enterprise, including the value of any unencumbered
assets;   

o   any dispute regarding the application of the equities of the case exception under section 552(b)
or surcharge under section 506(c) in respect of the Second Lien Prepetition Indebtedness;   

o   amount of the Second Lien Prepetition Indebtedness and such holders  Allowed Claims, and
the validity and enforceability of the liens securing such Claims;   

o   amount of adequate protection claims held by the Second Lien Noteholders and/or the First Lien
Lenders under the Final Cash Collateral Order;   

2   The distribution to holders of EGC Unsecured Notes Claims does not include a distribution to EGC
on account of the EGC Repurchased Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, EGC will not receive a distribution on account of the EGC
Repurchased Bonds.   

3   The distribution to holders of EPL Unsecured Notes Claims does not include a distribution to EGC
on account of the EPL Repurchased Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, EGC will not receive a distribution on account of the EPL
Repurchased Bonds.   

o   any dispute regarding the appropriate allocation of general and administrative costs across the
Debtors  Estates and the amount of the Second Lien Notes Deficiency Claims;   

o   any challenges to cash transfers and the EPL note interest;   

o   any challenges to transfers made by the Debtors to any related entities;   

o   the releases, exculpations, and injunctions provided in the Plan;   

o   any dispute related to the allowance or disallowance of the EGC Repurchased Bonds or the EPL Repurchased
Bonds;   

o   any dispute related to the amount and validity of the intercompany payables between EGC and EPL;   

o   any claims for payment of administrative expenses as a substantial contribution under section 503
of the Bankruptcy Code; and   

o   the allocation of the $90 million minimum cash requirement under the Debtors  Exit Facility.   

IV.    Additional Plan Changes:    

To the extent not already authorized pursuant to the Final Cash Collateral Order, and except as
provided herein with respect to the Debtors and the Creditors  Committee and in the Plan Support Agreement with respect to
the Second Lien Plan Support Parties, the reasonable and documented fees and expenses incurred on or after the Petition Date of
(a) counsel, financial advisors (including valuation and any other experts), and management and industry consultants to the
Plan Support Parties, the Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders, and the Ad Hoc Group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders, and (b)
the Indenture Trustees that are Plan Support Parties as of the Effective Date (such fees and expenses, the    Plan Support
Parties Fees   ) in an amount equal to reasonable estimates provided by each of the Plan Support Parties will be escrowed
on the Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, such Plan Support Parties Fees shall exclude the fees and expenses incurred
on or after the Effective Date of the Indenture Trustees payable pursuant to Article VI.B.1(e)-(g)) of the Plan). Each of the Plan
Support Parties Fees will be subject to a review period by the Debtors and the Creditors  Committee of seven (7) business
days following submission of each invoice (including reasonable documentation of such fees and expenses, which may be redacted
to preserve privilege and/or confidentiality).  Each Plan Support Party may submit more than one but not more than two invoices
per professional covering the period from the Petition Date through the Effective Date.  To the extent either the Debtors
or the Creditors  Committee delivers to the applicable Plan Support Party a written notice of objection within the seven
(7) business day review period, and the applicable Plan Support Party and objecting party are unable to resolve such objection
on a consensual basis within seven (7) business days after such objection has been submitted, the Debtors or the Creditors 
Committee, as applicable, may file with the Court a motion or other pleading setting forth the specific objections to the disputed
invoice, and the Court shall adjudicate the matter. The Reorganized Debtors will promptly pay any undisputed Plan Support Parties
Fees one (1) business day following the expiration of the seven (7) business day review period. When all such amounts owing to
Plan Support Parties have been paid in full, any remaining amount in the Plan Support Parties Fee Escrow Account shall promptly
be turned over to the Reorganized Debtors without any further action or order of the Court.   Notwithstanding anything contained
herein to the contrary, (i) the fees and expenses of counsel and financial advisors (including valuation and any other experts)
to the Debtors and the Creditors  Committee shall remain subject to the Court s  Order Establishing Procedures for
Monthly and Interim Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses for Retained Professionals  [Docket No. 409], the applicable
provisions of the  Appendix B Guidelines for Reviewing Applications for Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses Filed Under
United States Code by Attorneys in Large Chapter 11 Cases , all other applicable law and Court orders, and all applicable retention
orders entered during the course of these Chapter 11 Cases for the professionals of the Debtors and the Creditors  Committee,
(ii) the disallowance of any disputed fees or expenses of any Indenture Trustee shall not affect or modify in any way such Indenture
Trustee s charging lien or other rights to recover such fees and expenses pursuant to the relevant indenture, and (iii) the
Debtors  liability for fees and expenses for counsel, financial advisors (including valuation and any other experts), and
management and industry consultants to: (A) the Ad Hoc Group of EGC Unsecured Noteholders and the EGC Unsecured Notes Indenture
Trustee shall not exceed $11.5 million in the aggregate, and (B) the Ad Hoc Group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders and the EPL
Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee shall not exceed $11 million in the aggregate;  provided ,  further ,   that notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Debtors shall promptly pay (x) up to $15,000 of the undisputed reasonable and documented fees and expenses incurred
prior to the Petition Date by counsel, financial advisors (including valuation and any other experts), and management and industry
consultants to the EGC Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee or by the EGC Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee, which fees and expenses
shall be subject to review by the Creditors  Committee and the Debtors and (y) up to $15,000 of the undisputed reasonable
and documented fees and expenses incurred prior to the Petition Date by counsel, financial advisors (including valuation and any
other experts), and management and industry consultants to the EPL Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee or by the EPL Unsecured Notes
Indenture Trustee, which fees and expenses shall be subject to review by the Creditors  Committee and the Debtors . 
Nothing herein or in the Plan shall affect the rights of any of the Plan Support Parties to appear before the Court and be heard
with respect to any application for the payment of fees or expenses of any of the counsel or advisors (including valuation and
any other experts) to the Creditors  Committee or the Debtors.   

The
                                         following minority protections for New Equity holders: 4    

o   the New Parent Board shall consist of seven members, consisting of John D. Schiller, Jr. as President
and Chief Executive Officer of New Parent (the    CEO   ), and six additional Persons selected by the Second
Lien Plan Support Parties who are independent from the Second Lien Plan Support Parties pursuant to the standard for independence
under NYSE rules;  provided ,  however  that the Second Lien Plan Support Parties shall consult with the Ad Hoc Group
of EGC Unsecured Noteholders and the Ad Hoc Group of EPL Unsecured Noteholders with respect to the selection of one of the initial
directors of the New Parent Board; and   

o   customary preemptive rights for each holder that, together with its affiliates (including accounts
managed by a common investment manager), owns   1% or more of the outstanding common stock of New Parent to subscribe for
its share (calculated  pro rata  in accordance with the percentage of shares of outstanding common stock of New Parent held)
of any equity (including securities convertible into equity) issued by New Parent or any of its subsidiaries, including a customary
right for New Parent to provide such preemptive rights promptly following the completion of such an issuance.   

The Warrant Agreement will be withdrawn and replaced in its entirety by the New Warrant Agreement.   

The EGC Intercompany Note Trust and all provisions related thereto will be deleted from the Plan.   

It shall be a condition to Confirmation of the Plan that (i) the Court has approved in all material
respects the compromise and settlement of all the Settled Issues, which approval shall be included in the Confirmation Order, and
(ii) the Plan Support Agreement has not been breached and remains in full force and effect. For the avoidance of doubt, in the
event the Court does not approve in all material respects the compromise and settlement of all the Settled Issues or the Plan is
otherwise not confirmed in a manner consistent in all material respects with the terms provided for in this Plan Mediation Term
Sheet, no party shall be bound to support any of the terms of this Plan Mediation Term Sheet, such parties  votes in favor
of the Plan shall be deemed withdrawn and deemed timely votes to reject the Plan unless the applicable party elects otherwise in
writing to the Debtors, and all parties  rights, remedies, claims, and defenses shall be expressly preserved as if no settlement
had been reached.   

The New Warrant Agreement, the Plan, the Confirmation Order, and any New Money Contribution shall
be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Majority Plan Support Parties, which shall be defined to include the EGC
Unsecured Notes Indenture Trustee, and consistent with this Plan Mediation Term Sheet. With respect to all other Definitive Documentation
(as defined in the Plan), the Majority Plan Support Parties (excluding the Majority Second Lien Plan Support Parties) shall have
reasonable consent rights with respect to only those terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include the terms providing
for the specific minority protections that are expressly set forth in the Plan Mediation Term Sheet) that could reasonably be expected
to impair the economic treatment provided under the Plan and this Plan Mediation Term Sheet for the applicable Majority Plan Support
Party. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Majority Plan Support Parties shall have a right to review and
consult with the Debtors with respect to all Definitive Documentation prior to such Definitive Documentation being filed in the
Chapter 11 Cases, and (ii) all Definitive Documentation and the Plan Supplement shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Majority Second Lien Plan Support Parties and consistent with this Plan Mediation Term Sheet.   

4   It is not contemplated that there will be a shareholders agreement. Such minority protections will
be set forth in the organizational documents for the Reorganized Debtors.   

Waiver of conditions precedent to the Effective Date shall require consent of the Plan Support
Parties.   

Except as expressly provided under the Plan, the releases set forth in Article VIII.F of the Plan
shall not release obligations arising under agreements among the Releasing Parties and the Released Parties other than the Debtors
(including, without limitation, the indemnification rights of the Indenture Trustees under the Indentures and related documentation).   

The agreement of each of the Plan Support Parties to this Plan Mediation Term Sheet shall be subject
to the terms set forth herein and the Plan Support Agreement. No Plan Support Party shall remain bound by this Plan Mediation Term
Sheet in the event that the Plan, the Confirmation Order, the New Warrant Agreement, or any other Definitive Documentation differs
materially from the terms set forth herein, including with respect to the treatment of any Plan Support Parties or other parties
in interest.   

The terms and conditions of the Management Incentive Plan shall be consistent with the terms set forth
in   Exhibit 1   to this Plan Mediation Term Sheet.   

On the Effective Date, New Parent shall enter into a new employment agreement with John D. Schiller,
Jr. as Chief Executive Officer of New Parent (such agreement, the    CEO Employment Agreement   ), which
CEO Employment Agreement shall include the terms and conditions set forth in   Exhibit 1   to this Plan Mediation Term
Sheet. The form of the CEO Employment Agreement shall be included in the Plan Supplement.   

The Debtors shall reject all existing employment agreements or other severance arrangements with
management and any existing management incentive programs on the Effective Date. The terms and conditions of any post-Effective
Date employment agreements for management other than John D. Schiller, Jr. shall be determined by the New Parent Board;  provided ,
 however , that any such employment agreements shall contain a release of claims against the Debtors consistent with the release
set forth in the CEO Employment Agreement.   

Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms of the existing Plan will remain unchanged with
respect to the treatment of the Debtors  directors and officers and holders of Claims and Interests, including holders of
First Lien Claims, the BOEM, and Exxon.   

EXHIBIT 1   

Terms of the CEO Employment Agreement  

EXXI   Terms of the CEO Employment
Agreement   1    

Schiller 
         Employment Agreement  
     
          New
        Parent will enter into a new employment agreement (the   New Agreement  ) with   John D. Schiller, Jr. as
        Chief Executive Officer of New Parent  on terms and conditions generally
        consistent with those proposed in the Energy XXI Ltd Proposed Forms of Employment Agreement summary circulated by Vinson and Elkins
        on 8/16/16 (the   Employment Agreement Matrix  );  provided ,  however , that the New Agreement will
        not include provisions that are off-market, generally inconsistent with prevailing practices of publicly traded companies, or may
        cause governance issues. The New Agreement, which shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Majority Second Lien Plan Support
        Parties and consistent with this term sheet, will be effective as of the Effective Date.  
           
         Material terms of the New Agreement will include: 
           
          Term : Three-year initial
        term, no automatic renewals. 
             
          Severance : The severance
        payments and benefits under the New Agreement will be generally consistent with those proposed in the Employment Agreement Matrix;
         provided  that if Mr. Schiller s employment is terminated by the New Parent without Cause or by Mr. Schiller for Good
        Reason (including with respect to a termination that occurs in connection with a change of control) before the first anniversary
        of the Effective Date, then Mr. Schiller s sole remedy will be a cash payment of $2 million, less applicable withholding
        and deductions as required by law (the   Initial Severance Amount  ). 
           
          New Parent Board Evaluation
        Right : Until the first anniversary of the Effective Date, the New Parent Board will have the right to reevaluate the New Agreement
        to ensure that its terms are consistent with market practices. To the extent the New Parent Board determines that the New Agreement
        is inconsistent with market practices, the New Parent Board will provide a notice (the   Notice  ) to Mr. Schiller
        and the parties will negotiate in good faith to revise the New Agreement as necessary. If the parties are unable to reach an agreement
        within 30 days of the Notice, the New Parent may terminate the New Agreement and Mr. Schiller s sole remedy will be the Initial
        Severance Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing will limit the ability of the New Parent Board to terminate Mr. Schiller s
        employment for any reason, for Cause or without Cause at any time. 
           
          Other Non-Economic Terms :
Other than the economic and other terms contemplated by this term sheet, the other terms of the New Agreement will generally be
consistent with those in Mr. Schiller s existing employment agreement ( e.g. , restrictive covenants, release, etc.);
 provided  that the parties will agree that the Effective Date shall not have constituted a change in control. Mr. Schiller
shall release any and all claims he may have, or now has, against any of the Debtors (including, without limitation, claims arising
from his existing employment agreement or the Debtors  rejection of such agreement), and Mr. Schiller agrees not to assert
any such claim;  provided, however , that Mr. Schiller may assert and receive a recovery on any prepetition indemnification
claims as Class 11 General Unsecured Claims in accordance with the terms of the Plan.   

1     Capitalized terms used but
not defined herein are used as defined in the  Debtors  First Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization [Docket
No. 1418] (as amended, the   Plan  ).   

Management Incentive Plan  
     
         Awards under the Management
        Incentive Plan will be awarded to the Reorganized Debtors  officers, directors, employees, and consultants at the
        discretion of the New Parent Board;  provided ,  however , that at least 3% of the Management Equity Pool 2
         will be allocated by the New Parent Board to such officers, directors, employees, and consultants no later than
        120 days after the Effective Date on terms and conditions determined by the New Parent Board, including the type of equity
        based awards.   

2   Capitalized terms used but not defined herein are used
as defined in the  Debtors  First Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization [Docket No. 1418] (as amended, the   Plan  ).  

Exhibit B  to the Plan Support Agreement 

Plan 

Exhibit C  to the Plan Support Agreement 

Form of Transferee Joinder 

Form of Transferee Joinder 

This joinder (this    Joinder   )
to the Plan Support Agreement (the    Agreement   ), 1  dated as of  [__] , 2016, by and among
(i)  the Debtors , and (ii) the Plan Support Parties ,
 is executed and delivered by [________________] (the    Joining Party   ) as of [________________]. 

1.       Agreement
to be Bound . The Joining Party hereby agrees to be bound by all of the terms of the Agreement, a copy of which is attached
to this Joinder as  Annex 1  (as the same has been or may be hereafter amended, restated, or otherwise modified from time
to time in accordance with the provisions thereof). The Joining Party shall hereafter be deemed to be a Party for all purposes
under the Agreement and one or more of the entities comprising the Plan Support Parties, as applicable. 

2.
       Representations and Warranties . The Joining Party hereby represents and warrants to
each other Party to the Agreement that, as of the date hereof, such Joining Party (a) is the legal or beneficial holder of, and
has all necessary authority (including authority to bind any other legal or beneficial holder) with respect to, the claims identified
below its name on the signature page hereof, and (b) makes, as of the date hereof, the representations and warranties set forth
in  Section 17  of the Agreement to each other Party. 

3.
       Governing Law . This Joinder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to any conflicts of law provisions which would require or permit the application
of the law of any other jurisdiction. 

4.
       Notice . All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to the Agreement
shall be sent to: 

To the Joining Party at: 

[JOINING PARTY] 

   [ADDRESS] 

   Attn: 

   Facsimile: [FAX] 

   EMAIL: 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Joining Party has caused this Joinder to be executed as of the date first written above. 

1   Each capitalized term used herein but not otherwise defined
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Agreement. 

[JOINING PARTY]  

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Holdings:  
     $__________________ of Debt  

Under the First Lien Credit Agreement 

Holdings:  
     $__________________ of Debt 

Under the Second Lien Indenture 

Holdings:  
     $__________________ of Debt 

Under the 9.25% Indenture 

Holdings:  
     $__________________ of Debt 

Under the 7.75% Indenture 

Holdings:  
     $__________________ of Debt 

Under the 7.5% Indenture 

Holdings:  
     $__________________ of Debt 

Under the 6.875% Indenture 

Holdings:  
     $__________________ of Debt 

Under the 8.25% Indenture 

Holdings:  
     $__________________ of Debt 

Under the 3.0% Indenture 

Holdings: 
      __________________ 

shares of Common Equity 

Holdings:  
     __________________ 

shares of Preferred Equity 

Annex 1  to the Form of Transferee
Joinder 

Plan Support Agreement 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v451121_exh31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A)  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED  

 I, John D. Schiller, Jr., certify that:  

1. 

           I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Energy XXI Ltd (the  registrant   

2. 

           Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 

           Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 

           The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:  

a. 

           Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b. 

           Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c. 

           Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d. 

           Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 

           The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a. 

           All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b. 

           Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 14, 2016  

 /S/ JOHN D. SCHILLER, JR.    John D. Schiller, Jr.  Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v451121_exh31x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A)  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED  

 I, Bruce W. Busmire, certify that:  

1. 

           I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Energy XXI Ltd (the  registrant   

2. 

           Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 

           Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 

           The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:  

a. 

           Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b. 

           Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c. 

           Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d. 

           Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 

           The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a. 

           All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b. 

           Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 14, 2016  

 /S/ BRUCE W. BUSMIRE   Bruce W. Busmire  Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v451121_exh32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

 CERTIFICATION OF  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C.  1350 

 In connection with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Energy XXI Ltd (the  Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), John D. Schiller, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Bruce W. Busmire, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge:  

(1) 

           the report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

(2) 

           the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 exxi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 exxi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 exxi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 exxi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 exxi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 exxi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

