<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1023364_0001654954-16-003440_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3393091</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96160</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>203841</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1049586</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1178086</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>763429</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>25</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-003440.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103161757
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-003440
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUTOBYTEL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001023364
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				330711569
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34761
		FILM NUMBER:		161971828

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18872 MACARTHUR BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92612-1400
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9492254500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18872 MACARTHUR BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92612-1400

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTOBYTEL  INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010905

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTOBYTEL COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19981230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTO BY TEL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960920

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-003440.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 abtl10k_sep302016.htm
 FORM 10-Q

abtl10q_sep302016 SEC Connect 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-Q 

[X]   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

or 

[ 
]   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from                    
 to                     .  

Commission file number 1-34761 

Autobytel
Inc.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(949) 225-4500 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X]  No [ 
] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes
[X]  No [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer,
or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large
accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and
 smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  [  ] 

Accelerated filer  [X] 

Non-accelerated filer  [  ] 

Smaller reporting company  [  ] 

(Do not check if a smaller 

reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] 
No [X] 

As of October 31, 2016, there were 10,962,330 shares of the
Registrant s Common Stock, $0.001 par value,
outstanding. 

IN D EX 

Page 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  

Financial
Statements  

Consolidated
Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and
December 31, 2015  

1 

Unaudited
Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income and Comprehensive
Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015  

2 

Unaudited
Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

3 

Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Financial
Statements  

4 

ITEM 2.  

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations  

16 

ITEM 3.  

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

22 

ITEM 4.  

Controls
and Procedures  

22 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 6.  

Exhibits  

23 

Signatures  

25  

-i- 

Table of Contents  

PA R T I. FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

Item 1.   Financial
Statements  

AUTOBYTEL INC. 

CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per-share
data) 

* Amounts were derived from audited financial
statements. 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated condensed
financial statements 

-1- 

Table of Contents  

AUTOBYTEL INC. 

UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF  I NCOME 

AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(Amounts in thousands, except per-share data) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated condensed
financial statements. 

-2- 

Table of Contents  

AUTOBYTEL INC. 

UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLO W S 

(Amounts in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated condensed
financial statements. 

-3- 

Table of Contents  

AUTOBYTEL INC. 

N O TES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED
CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Organization and Operations 

Autobytel Inc. (   Autobytel    or the    Company   ) is an automotive marketing services
company that assists automotive retail dealers
(   Dealers   ) and automotive manufacturers
(   Manufacturers   )
market and sell new and used vehicles through the
Company s programs for online lead referrals
(   Leads   ), Dealer marketing products and services,
online advertising and consumer traffic referral programs and
mobile products.  

The Company s consumer-facing automotive
websites (   Company
Websites   ), including its
flagship website Autobytel.com , provide consumers with
information and tools to aid them with their automotive purchase
decisions and the ability to submit inquiries requesting Dealers to
contact the consumers regarding purchasing or leasing vehicles
(   Vehicle
Leads   ). For consumers
who may not be able to secure loans through conventional lending
sources, the Company Websites provide these consumers the ability
to submit inquiries requesting Dealers or other lenders that may
offer vehicle financing to these consumers to contact the consumers
regarding vehicle financing (   Finance
Leads   ). The
Company s mission for consumers is to be  Your Lifetime
Automotive Advisor   by engaging consumers throughout
the entire lifecycle of their automotive needs.  

The
Company was incorporated in Delaware on May 17, 1996. Its
principal corporate offices are located in Irvine, California. The
Company s common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market
under the symbol ABTL. 

On October 1, 2015 (   AutoWeb Merger
Date   ), Autobytel entered
into and consummated an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among
Autobytel, New Horizon Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Autobytel
(   Merger Sub   ), AutoWeb, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(   AutoWeb   ), and Jose Vargas, in his capacity as
Stockholder Representative.  On the AutoWeb Merger Date,
Merger Sub merged with and into AutoWeb, with AutoWeb continuing as
the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Autobytel.  AutoWeb was a privately-owned company
providing an automotive search engine that enables Manufacturers
and Dealers to optimize advertising campaigns and reach car buyers
through an auction-based marketplace.  Prior to the
acquisition, the Company owned approximately 15% of the outstanding
shares of AutoWeb, on a fully converted and diluted basis, and
accounted for the investment on the cost basis.  See Note
4.  

In
connection with the AutoWeb acquisition, Autobytel obtained
AutoWeb s Guatemalan software development and operations,
which were previously provided as a contract service provider
organization through Endine Enterprises Corp., a British Virgin
Islands business company effectively controlled by AutoWeb. The
Company terminated this arrangement and now provides and maintains
the forgoing services and operations under a wholly-owned, indirect
Guatemalan subsidiary of Autobytel, with employees located in
Guatemala. 

On May 21, 2015, Autobytel and CDK Global, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (   CDK   ), entered into and consummated a Stock
Purchase Agreement in which Autobytel acquired all of the issued
and outstanding shares of common stock in Dealix Corporation, a
California corporation (   Dealix   ) and subsidiary of CDK, and Autotegrity,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Autotegrity   ) and subsidiary of CDK (Dealix and
Autotegrity are collectively,    Dealix/Autotegrity   ).  Dealix
provides new and used car Leads to automotive dealerships, Dealer
groups and Manufacturers, and Autotegrity is a consumer Leads
acquisition and analytics business.    

2. Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying unaudited consolidated condensed
financial statements are presented on the same basis as the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015 (   2015 Form 10-K   )
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(   SEC   ).  Autobytel has made its
disclosures in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (   GAAP   ) for interim financial information and
with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation
S-X.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the
information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial
statements.  In the opinion of management, all
adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary
for a fair presentation with respect to interim financial
statements, have been included.  The consolidated
condensed statements of income and comprehensive income and cash
flows for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not
necessarily indicative of the results of operations or cash flows
expected for the year or any other period.  The unaudited
consolidated condensed financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and
the notes thereto in the 2015 Form
10-K.    

-4- 

Table of Contents  

3.  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Accounting Standards
Codification 606  Revenue from Contracts with
Customers.     In
May 2014, Accounting Standards Update (   ASU   ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  was
issued.  This ASU requires an entity to recognize the
amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the
transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The standard
will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in GAAP
when it becomes effective.  Early application is not
permitted. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective
or cumulative effect transition method.  In August 2015,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(   FASB   )
voted to defer the effective date and it is now effective for
public entities for annual periods ending after December 15,
2017.  Early adoption of the standard is permitted, but not
before the original effective date of December 15, 2016. This
update permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative
effect transition method.      In April 2016, ASU No. 2016-10,  Identifying
Performance Obligations and Licensing  was
issued.  This ASU clarifies 1) the identification of
performance obligations and, 2) licensing implementation guidance
as it relates to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers.  The amendments in this ASU affect the
guidance in ASU 2014-09, which is effective for public entities for
annual periods ending after December 15, 2017. In May 2016, ASU No.
2016-12,  Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical
Expedients  was issued.  This ASU addresses certain
issues as it relates to assessing collectability, presentation of
sales taxes, noncash consideration, and completed contracts and
contract modifications at transition as it relates to Topic 606,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The amendments in
this ASU affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09, which is effective for
public entities for annual periods ending after December 15, 2017.
The Company is evaluating the effect this guidance will have on the
consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures.  

Accounting Standards
Codification 740  Income
Taxes.     In
November 2015, ASU No. 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification
of Deferred Taxes  was issued.  This ASU requires
that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as
noncurrent in a classified statement of financial
position.  The amendments in this update apply to all
entities that present a classified statement of financial
position.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim
periods within those fiscal years.  The Company does not
believe this ASU will have a material effect on the consolidated
financial statements.   

Accounting Standards
Codification 842
 Leases.     In February 2016, ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases
(Topic 842)  was issued.  This ASU will require
lessees to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and
liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases
of terms more than 12 months.  The ASU will require both
capital and operating leases to be recognized on the balance
sheet.  Qualitative and quantitative disclosures will
also be required to help investors and other financial statement
users better understand the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash
flows arising from leases.  The ASU will take effect for
public companies for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018.  The
Company continues to assess whether this ASU will be material to
the consolidated financial statements.  

Accounting Standards
Codification 323  Investments-Equity Method and Joint
Ventures.     In
March 2016, ASU No. 2016-07,  Simplifying the Transition to
the Equity Method of Accounting  was issued.  This
ASU eliminates the requirement that when an investment qualifies
for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the
level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor
must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained
earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity
method had been in effect during all previous periods that the
investment was held.  The amendments require that the
equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional
interest in the investee to the current basis of the
investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity
method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes
qualified for equity method accounting.  Thus, upon
qualifying for the equity method of accounting, no retroactive
adjustment of the investment is required.  The amendments
in this ASU are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December
15, 2016.  Earlier application is permitted. The Company
continues to assess whether this ASU will be material to the
consolidated financial statements.  

Accounting Standards
Codification 718  Compensation-Stock
Compensation.     In March 2016, ASU No. 2016-09,
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting  was issued.  This ASU provides for
areas of simplification for several aspects of the accounting for
share-based payment transactions, including the income tax
consequences, classification of awards as either equity or
liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash
flows.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is
permitted in any interim or annual period.  The Company
continues to assess whether this ASU will be material to the
consolidated financial statements.  

Accounting Standards
Codification 230  Statement of Cash
Flows.     In
August 2016, ASU No. 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash
Receipts and Cash Payments  was issued.  This ASU
provides guidance on eight specific cash flow issues with the
objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice for those
issues.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is
permitted in any interim or annual period.  The Company
does not believe this ASU will have a material effect on the
consolidated financial statements.    

-5- 

Table of Contents  

4.  Acquisitions 

Acquisition of AutoWeb 

On
the AutoWeb Merger Date, Merger Sub merged with and into AutoWeb,
with AutoWeb continuing as the surviving corporation and as a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Autobytel.  

The AutoWeb Merger Date fair value of the
consideration transferred totaled $23.8 million consisting of (i)
168,007 newly issued shares of Series B Junior Participating
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of
Autobytel (   Series B Preferred
Stock   ); (ii) warrants to
purchase up to 148,240 shares of Series B Preferred Stock
(   AutoWeb
Warrants   ), at an
exercise price per share of $184.47 (reflecting 10 times the $16.77
closing price of a share of the Company s common stock,
$0.001 par value per share (   Common Stock   ), plus a ten percent (10%) premium) and
(iii) $0.3 million in cash to cancel vested, in-the-money options
to acquire shares of AutoWeb common stock.  As a result
of accounting for the transaction as a business combination
achieved in stages, the Company also recorded $0.6 million as a
gain to the pre-merger investment in AutoWeb.  The
results of operations of AutoWeb have been included in the
Company s results of operations since the AutoWeb Merger
Date.  

The
shares of Series B Preferred Stock are convertible, subject to
certain limitations, into ten (10) shares of Common
Stock.  All shares will automatically convert upon
stockholder approval. 

The AutoWeb Warrants were valued at $1.72 per
share for a total value of $2.5 million.  The Company
used a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the value of the
AutoWeb Warrants.  Key assumptions used in valuing the
AutoWeb Warrants are as follows: risk-free rate of 1.9%, stock
price volatility of 74.0% and a term of 7.0 years.  The
AutoWeb Warrants become exercisable on October 1, 2018, subject to
the following vesting conditions: (i) with respect to the first
one-third (1/3) of the warrant shares, if at any time after the
issuance date of the AutoWeb Warrants and prior to the expiration
date of the AutoWeb Warrants the weighted average closing price of
the Common Stock for the preceding 30 trading days (adjusted for
any stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits or
combinations of the Common Stock occurring after the issuance date)
(   Weighted Average Closing
Price   ) is at or above
$30.00; (ii) with respect to the second one-third (1/3) of the
warrant shares, if at any time after the issuance date of the
AutoWeb Warrants and prior to the expiration date the Weighted
Average Closing Price is at or above $37.50; and (iii) with respect
to the last one-third (1/3) of the warrant shares, if at any time
after the issuance date of the AutoWeb Warrants and prior to the
expiration date the Weighted Average Closing Price is at or above
$45.00.  The AutoWeb Warrants expire on October 1,
2022.  

The
following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed as of the AutoWeb Merger
Date.   

-6- 

Table of Contents  

The
fair value of the acquired intangible assets was determined using
the below valuation approaches. In estimating the fair value of the
acquired intangible assets, the Company utilized the valuation
methodology determined to be most appropriate for the individual
intangible asset being valued as described below. The intangible
assets related to the AutoWeb acquisition include the
following: 

(1)   

Determination of the estimated useful lives of the individual
categories of purchased intangible assets was based on the nature
of the applicable intangible asset and the expected future cash
flows to be derived from such intangible asset. Amortization of
intangible assets with definite lives is recognized over the
shorter of the respective life of the agreement or the period of
time the assets are expected to contribute to future cash
flows. 

(2) 

The excess of earnings method estimates a purchased intangible
asset's value based on the present value of the prospective net
cash flows (or excess earnings) attributable to it. The value
attributed to these intangibles was based on projected net cash
inflows from existing contracts or relationships. 

(3) 

The relief from royalty method is an earnings approach which
assesses the royalty savings an entity realizes since it owns the
asset and isn t required to pay a third party a license fee
for its use. 

(4) 

The excess of earnings method estimates a purchased intangible
asset's value based on the present value of the prospective net
cash flows (or excess earnings) attributable to it. The method
takes into account technological and economic obsolescence of the
technology. 

Additionally,
in connection with the acquisition of AutoWeb, the Company entered
into non-compete agreements with key executives of
AutoWeb.  The fair value of the AutoWeb non-compete
agreements was $270,000 and was derived by calculating the
difference between the present value of the Company s
forecasted cash flows with the agreements in place and without the
agreements in place.  The Company is amortizing the value
of the AutoWeb non-compete agreements over two years. 

Some
of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the
estimate of the fair value of the identifiable purchased intangible
assets include all assumptions associated with forecasting cash
flows and profitability. The primary assumptions used for the
determination of the fair value of the purchased intangible assets
were generally based upon the discounted present value of
anticipated cash flows. Estimated years of projected earnings
generally follow the range of estimated remaining useful lives for
each intangible asset class. 

The
goodwill recognized of $6.0 million was attributable primarily to
expected synergies and the assembled workforce of
AutoWeb.  The Company incurred approximately $1.1 million
of acquisition-related costs related to the AutoWeb
acquisition. 

Pro forma information 

The
following unaudited pro forma information presents the consolidated
results of the Company and AutoWeb for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, with adjustments to give effect to pro
forma events that are directly attributable to the acquisition and
have a continuing impact, but excludes the impact of pro forma
events that are directly attributable to the acquisition and are
one-time occurrences. The unaudited pro forma information is
presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily
indicative of the results of operations of future periods, the
results of operations that actually would have been realized had
the entities been a single company during the periods presented or
the results of operations that the combined company will experience
after the acquisition. The unaudited pro forma information does not
give effect to the potential impact of current financial
conditions, regulatory matters or any anticipated synergies,
operating efficiencies or cost savings that may be associated with
the acquisition. The unaudited pro forma information also does not
include any integration costs or remaining future transaction costs
that the companies may incur as a result of the acquisition and
combining the operations of the companies. 

-7- 

Table of Contents  

The
unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations, assuming
the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2015, are as
follows: 

5.  Computation of
Basic and Diluted Net Earnings Per Share  

Basic
net earnings per share is computed using the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during the period, excluding
any unvested restricted stock. Diluted net earnings per share is
computed using the weighted average number of common shares, and if
dilutive, potential common shares outstanding, as determined under
the treasury stock and if-converted methods, during the period.
Potential common shares consist of common shares issuable upon the
exercise of stock options, common shares issuable upon the exercise
of warrants, common shares issuable upon conversion
of convertible notes and unvested restricted
stock.  The following are the share amounts utilized to
compute the basic and diluted net earnings per share for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015: 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
weighted average dilutive securities included dilutive options,
restricted stock awards, the warrant and convertible note issued in
connection with the acquisition of AutoUSA, LLC
(   AutoUSA   ) and shares issued in connection with the
AutoWeb acquisition.  For the three months ended
September 30, 2015, weighted average dilutive securities included
dilutive options, restricted stock awards and the warrant and
convertible note issued in connection with the AutoUSA
acquisition.    

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, weighted average dilutive
securities included dilutive options, restricted stock awards, the
warrant issued in connection with the acquisition of AutoUSA and
shares issued in connection with the AutoWeb
acquisition.  For the nine months ended September 30,
2015, weighted average dilutive securities included dilutive
options, restricted stock awards and the AutoUSA
warrant.   

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, 2.0 million and
2.0 million of potentially anti-dilutive shares of common stock
have been excluded from the calculation of diluted net earnings per
share, respectively.  For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, 1.4 million and 1.6 million of potentially
anti-dilutive shares of common stock have been excluded from the
calculation of diluted net earnings per share,
respectively. 

On June 7, 2012, the Company announced that its
board of directors had authorized the Company to repurchase up to
$2.0 million of Company Common Stock, and on September 17,
2014 the Company announced that the board of directors
had approved the repurchase of up to an additional $1.0 million of
Company Common Stock.  The authorization may be increased
or otherwise modified, renewed, suspended or terminated by the
Company at any time, without prior notice.  The Company
may repurchase Common Stock from time to time on the open market or
in private transactions. Shares repurchased under this program have
been retired and returned to the status of authorized and unissued
shares.  The Company funded repurchases and anticipates
that the Company would fund future repurchases through the use of
available cash. The repurchase authorization does not obligate
the Company to repurchase any particular number of
shares.  The timing and actual number of repurchases of
additional shares, if any, under the Company s stock
repurchase program will depend upon a variety of factors, including
price, market conditions, release of quarterly and annual earnings
and other legal, regulatory and corporate considerations at the
Company s sole discretion.  The impact of
repurchases on the Company s Tax Benefit Preservation Plan,
as amended, and on the Company s use of its net operating
loss carryovers and other tax attributes if the Company were to
experience an  ownership change,  as defined in Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code, is also a factor that the Company
considers in connection with share repurchases.  No
shares were repurchased in the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015,
respectively.  

-8- 

Table of Contents  

Warrants.    The
warrant to purchase 69,930 shares of Company common stock issued in
connection with the acquisition of AutoUSA on January 13, 2014
(   AutoUSA Acquisition
Date   ) was valued at
$7.35 per share for a total value of $0.5 million
(   AutoUSA
Warrant   ).  The
Company used an option pricing model to determine the value of the
AutoUSA Warrant.  Key assumptions used in valuing the
AutoUSA Warrant are as follows: risk-free rate of 1.6%, stock price
volatility of 65.0% and a term of 5.0 years.  The AutoUSA
Warrant was valued based on long-term stock price volatilities of
the Company.  The exercise price of the AutoUSA Warrant
is $14.30 per share (as may be adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, combinations and other similar events).  The
AutoUSA Warrant becomes exercisable on January 13, 2017 and expires
on January 13, 2019.  The right to exercise the AutoUSA
Warrant is accelerated in the event of a change in control of the
Company.  

For
information regarding the AutoWeb Warrants, see Note
4. 

6. Share-Based Compensation 

Share-based
compensation expense is included in costs and expenses in the
accompanying Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income
and Comprehensive Income as follows: 

(1)    

  Certain
awards were modified in connection with the termination of an
executive officer s employment with the Company and their
vesting accelerated in accordance with the terms of the applicable
option agreements.  The total expense related to these
modifications and acceleration of vested awards was approximately
$0.3 million in the nine months ended September 30,
2016. 

(2)    

  The
vesting of certain awards was accelerated in accordance with the
terms of the applicable option agreements in connection with the
termination of an executive officer s employment with the
Company.  The total expense related to acceleration of vested
awards was approximately $0.2 million in the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. 

(3)    

  Certain
awards were modified in accordance with the Company s former
Chief Financial Officer s consulting agreement and their
vesting accelerated in accordance with the terms of the applicable
option agreements.  The total expense related to these
modifications and acceleration of vested awards was approximately
$0.2 million in the nine months ended September 30,
2015. 

-9- 

Table of Contents  

Service-Based
Options.    The Company
granted the following service-based options for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015:    

These
options are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and
generally vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date
and ratably over twenty-four months thereafter.  The
vesting of these awards is contingent upon the employee s
continued employment with the Company during the vesting
period. 

Market Condition
Options.    On January
21, 2016, the Company granted 100,000 stock options to its chief
executive officer with an exercise price of $17.09 and grant date
fair value of $1.47 per option, using a Monte Carlo simulation
model (   CEO Market Condition
Options   ).  
The CEO Market Condition Options were previously valued at $2.94
per option but were revalued when the requisite stockholder
approval for the Company s Amended and Restated 2014 Equity
Incentive Plan was obtained in June 2016. The CEO Market Condition
Options are subject to both stock price-based and service-based
vesting requirements that must be satisfied for the CEO Market
Condition Options to vest and become exercisable. The CEO Market
Condition Options provide that the stock price-based vesting
condition will be met (i) with respect to the first one-third (1/3)
of the CEO Market Condition Options, if at any time after the grant
date and prior to the expiration date of the CEO Market Condition
Options the weighted average closing price of the Company s
common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market for the preceding thirty
(30) trading days (adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends,
reverse stock splits or combinations occurring after the issuance
date) (   Weighted Average Closing
Price   ) is at or above
$30.00; (ii) with respect to the second one-third (1/3) of the CEO
Market Condition Options, if at any time after the grant date and
prior to the expiration date the Weighted Average Closing Price is
at or above $37.50; and (iii) with respect to the last one-third
(1/3) of the CEO Market Condition Options, if at any time after the
grant date and prior to the expiration date the Weighted Average
Closing Price is at or above $45.00. With respect to any of the CEO
Market Condition Options for which the stock price-based
requirements are met, these options are also subject to the
following service-based vesting schedule: (i) thirty-three and
one-third percent (33 1/3%) of these options will vest and become
exercisable on January 21, 2017 and (ii) one thirty-sixth
(1/36  th  ) of these options will vest and become
exercisable on each successive monthly anniversary thereafter for
the following twenty-four months ending on January 21,
2019.    

Stock option
exercises  .  The
following stock options were exercised for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively:    

The
grant date fair value of stock options granted during these periods
was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using
the following weighted average assumptions: 

-10- 

Table of Contents  

Restricted Stock
Awards.    The Company
granted an aggregate of 125,000 restricted stock awards
(   RSAs   ) on April 23, 2015 in connection with the
promotion of one of its executive officers.  Of the
125,000 RSAs, 25,000 were service-based and the forfeiture
restrictions lapse with respect to one-third of the restricted
stock on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the
date of the award.  This executive officer was also
awarded 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock in the
form of performance-based restricted stock.  The shares
are subject to forfeiture upon the earlier of (such earliest date
being referred to as the    Termination
Date   ) (i) a termination
of the executive officer s employment with the Company; (ii)
March 31, 2018; and (iii) other events of forfeiture set forth in
the award agreement, subject to the following: (i) the forfeiture
restrictions with respect to 50,000 of the restricted shares will
lapse if any time prior to the Termination Date the weighted
average closing price of the Company s common stock for the
preceding 30 trading days is at or above $30.00 per share, and (ii)
the forfeiture restrictions with respect to any of the restricted
shares that remain subject to forfeiture restrictions will lapse if
any time prior to the Termination Date the weighted average closing
price of the Company s common stock for the preceding 30
trading days is at or above $45.00 per share.  None of
the forfeiture restrictions had lapsed during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016.  

7. Investments 

The Company s investments at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted primarily of investments in
privately-held SaleMove, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(   SaleMove   ),     and GoMoto, Inc.,     a Delaware corporation   ( GoMoto )  .  

In
September 2013, the Company entered into a Convertible Note
Purchase Agreement with SaleMove in which Autobytel invested
$150,000 in SaleMove in the form of an interest bearing,
convertible promissory note.  In November 2014, the Company
invested an additional $400,000 in SaleMove in the form of an
interest bearing, convertible promissory note.  Upon
closing of a preferred stock financing by SaleMove in July 2015,
these two notes were converted in accordance with their terms into
an aggregate of 190,997 Series A Preferred Stock, which shares are
classified as a long-term investment on the consolidated balance
sheet as of September 30, 2016. 

In
October 2013, the Company entered into a Reseller Agreement with
SaleMove to become a reseller of SaleMove s technology for
enhancing communications with
consumers.  SaleMove s technology allows Dealers
and Manufacturers to enhance the online shopping experience by
interacting with consumers in real-time, including live video,
audio and text-based chat or by phone. The Company and SaleMove
will equally share in revenues from automotive-related sales of the
SaleMove products and services. In connection with this reseller
arrangement, the Company advanced to  SaleMove $1.0
million to fund SaleMove s 50% share of various product
development, marketing and sales costs and expenses, with the
advanced funds to be recovered by the Company from SaleMove s
share of sales revenue.  SaleMove advances are repaid to
the Company from SaleMove s share of net revenues from the
Reseller Agreement.  As of September 30, 2016, the net
advances due from SaleMove totaled $591,000. 

In December 2014, the Company entered into a
Series Seed Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with GoMoto in which
the Company paid $100,000 for 317,460 shares of Series Seed
Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share.  The
$100,000 investment in GoMoto was recorded at cost because the
Company does not have significant influence over
GoMoto.  In October 2015 and May 2016, the Company
invested an additional $375,000 and $375,000, respectively, in
GoMoto in the form of convertible promissory notes
(   GoMoto Notes   ).  The GoMoto Notes accrue
interest at an annual rate of 4.0% and are due and payable in full
on or after October 28, 2017 upon demand or at GoMoto s
option ten days  written notice unless converted prior to the
maturity date.  The GoMoto Notes will be converted into
preferred stock of GoMoto in the event of a preferred stock
financing by GoMoto of at least $1.0 million prior to the maturity
date of the convertible note.  The GoMoto Notes are
recorded at cost and classified as an other long-term asset on the
consolidated balance sheet as of September 30,
2016.  

8. Selected Balance Sheet Accounts 

Property and
Equipment  .  Property
and equipment consists of the following:  

-11- 

Table of Contents  

The
Company periodically reviews long-lived assets to determine if
there are any impairment indicators.  The Company
assesses the impairment of these assets, or the need to accelerate
amortization, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The Company s
judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are
based on legal factors, market conditions and operational
performance of the Company s long-lived assets.  If
such indicators exist, the Company evaluates the assets for
impairment based on the estimated future undiscounted cash flows
expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual
disposition. Should the carrying amount of an asset exceed its
estimated future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is
recorded for the excess of the asset s carrying amount over
its fair value. Fair value is generally determined based on a
valuation process that provides an estimate of the fair value of
these assets using an undiscounted cash flow model, which includes
assumptions and estimates.  

Concentration of Credit Risk
and Risks Due to Significant Customers  .  Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk
consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts
receivable. Cash and cash equivalents are primarily maintained with
two high credit quality financial institutions in the United
States. Deposits held by banks exceed the amount of insurance
provided for such deposits. These deposits may be redeemed upon
demand.  

Accounts
receivable are primarily derived from fees billed to Dealers and
Manufacturers.  The Company generally requires no
collateral to support its accounts receivables and maintains an
allowance for bad debts for potential credit losses. 

The
Company has a concentration of credit risk with its automotive
industry related accounts receivable balances, particularly with
Urban Science Applications (which represents Acura, Audi, Nissan,
Scion, Subaru, Toyota, Volkswagen and Volvo), Ford Direct and
Trilogy. During the first nine months of 2016, approximately 27% of
the Company s total revenues was derived from these three
customers, and approximately 40%, or $13.0 million of gross
accounts receivables, related to these three customers at September
30, 2016. 

During
the first nine months of 2015, approximately 28% of the
Company s total revenues was derived from General Motors,
Urban Science Applications and Jumpstart Automotive, and
approximately 35%, or $10.1 million of gross accounts receivables,
related to these three customers at September 30,
2015. 

Intangible
Assets.    The Company
amortizes specifically identified intangible assets using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
In connection with the acquisitions of Cyber Ventures, Inc.,
Advanced Mobile, LLC, AutoUSA, Dealix/Autotegrity and AutoWeb, the
Company identified $38.1 million of intangible
assets.  The Company s intangible assets are
amortized over the following estimated useful
lives:  

-12- 

Table of Contents  

Amortization
expense for the remainder of the year and for the next five years
is as follows: 

Goodwill.    Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
net assets acquired.  Goodwill is not amortized and is
assessed annually for impairment or earlier, when events or
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may
not be recoverable.  The Company did not record
impairment related to goodwill as of December 31, 2015 and
September 30, 2016.  

Goodwill
consisted of the following (in thousands): 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company made
adjustments to the Dealix/Autotegrity purchase price allocation due
to changes in accounts receivable and sales tax payable acquired,
and adjusted goodwill accordingly. 

Accrued Expenses and Other
Current Liabilities  .  Accrued expenses and other current
liabilities consisted of the following:  

Convertible Notes
Payable  .  In
connection with the acquisition of AutoUSA, the Company issued a
convertible subordinated promissory note for $1.0 million
(   AutoUSA Note   )
to AutoNationDirect.com, Inc.  The fair value of the AutoUSA
Note as of the AutoUSA Acquisition Date was $1.3 million. 
This valuation was estimated using a binomial option pricing
method.  Key assumptions used by the Company s
outside valuation consultants in valuing the AutoUSA Note
include a market yield of 1.6% and stock price volatility of
65.0%.  As the AutoUSA Note was issued with a substantial
premium, the Company recorded the premium as additional paid-in
capital.  Interest is payable at an annual interest rate of 6%
in quarterly installments.  The entire outstanding balance of
the AutoUSA Note is to be paid in full on January 31, 2019. 
At any time after January 31, 2017, the holder of the AutoUSA Note
may convert all or any part, but at least 30,600 shares, of the
then outstanding and unpaid principal of the AutoUSA Note into
fully paid shares of the Company's common stock at a conversion
price of $16.34 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, combinations and other similar events).  The right
to convert the AutoUSA Note into common stock of the Company is
accelerated in the event of a change in control of the
Company.  In the event of default, the entire unpaid balance
of the AutoUSA Note will become immediately due and payable and
will bear interest at the lower of 8% per year and the highest
legal rate permissible under applicable law.  

-13- 

Table of Contents  

9. Credit Facility 

On June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a Fourth
Amendment to Loan Agreement (   Credit Facility
Amendment   ) with MUFG
Union Bank, N.A., formerly Union Bank, N.A.
(   Union Bank   ), amending the Company s existing
Loan Agreement with Union Bank initially entered into on February
26, 2013, as amended on September 10, 2013, January 13, 2014 and
May 20, 2015 (the existing Loan Agreement, as amended to date, is
referred to collectively as the    Credit Facility
Agreement   ).  The Credit Facility Agreement
provided for a $9.0 million term loan (   Term Loan 1   ).  The Credit Facility Amendment
provides for (i) a new $15.0 million term loan
(   Term
Loan 2   ); (ii) the
amendment of certain financial covenants in the Credit Facility
Agreement; and (iii) amendments to the Company s existing
$8.0 million working capital revolving line of credit
(   Revolving
Loan   ).  

Term Loan 1 is amortized over a period of four
years, with fixed quarterly principal payments of $562,500.
Borrowings under Term Loan 1 bear interest at either (i) the
bank s Reference Rate (prime rate) minus 0.50% or (ii) the
London Interbank Offering Rate (   LIBOR   ) plus 2.50%, at the option of the Company.
Interest under Term Loan 1 adjusts (i) at the end of each LIBOR
rate period (1, 2, 3, 6 or 12 months terms) selected by the
Company, if the LIBOR rate is selected; or (ii) with changes in
Union Bank s Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate is
selected.  Borrowings under Term Loan 1 are secured by a
first priority security interest on all of the Company s
personal property (including, but not limited to, accounts
receivable) and proceeds thereof. Term Loan 1 matures on December
31, 2017.  Borrowing under Term Loan 1 was limited to use
for the acquisition of AutoUSA, and the Company drew down the
entire $9.0 million of Term Loan 1, together with $1.0 million
under the Revolving Loan, in financing this
acquisition.  The outstanding balance of Term Loan 1 as
of September 30, 2016 was $2.8 million.  

Term
Loan 2 is amortized over a period of five years, with fixed
quarterly principal payments of $750,000. Borrowings under Term
Loan 2 bear interest at either (i) LIBOR plus 3.00% or (ii) the
bank s Reference Rate (prime rate), at the option of the
Company. Borrowings under the Revolving Loan bear interest at
either (i) the LIBOR plus 2.50% or (ii) the bank s Reference
Rate (prime rate) minus 0.50%, at the option of the Company.
Interest under both Term Loan 2 and the Revolving Loan adjust (i)
at the end of each LIBOR rate period (1, 2, 3, 6 or 12 months
terms) selected by the Company, if the LIBOR rate is selected; or
(ii) with changes in Union Bank s Reference Rate, if the
Reference Rate is selected. The Company paid an upfront fee of
0.10% of the Term Loan 2 principal amount upon drawing upon Term
Loan 2 and also pays a commitment fee of 0.10% per year on the
unused portion of the Revolving Loan, payable quarterly in arrears.
Borrowings under Term Loan 2 and the Revolving Loan are secured by
a first priority security interest on all of the Company s
personal property (including, but not limited to, accounts
receivable) and proceeds thereof. Term Loan 2 matures June 30,
2020, and the maturity date of the Revolving Loan was extended
from March 31, 2017 to April 30, 2018. Borrowings under the
Revolving Loan may be used as a source to finance working capital,
capital expenditures, acquisitions and stock buybacks and for other
general corporate purposes. Borrowing under Term Loan 2 was limited
to use for the acquisition of Dealix/Autotegrity, and the Company
drew down the entire $15.0 million of Term Loan 2, together with
$2.75 million under the Revolving Loan and $6.76 million from
available cash on hand, in financing this
acquisition.  The outstanding balances of Term Loan 2 and
the Revolving Loan as of September 30, 2016 were $11.3 million and
$8.0 million, respectively. 

The
Credit Facility Agreement contains certain customary affirmative
and negative covenants and restrictive and financial covenants,
including that the Company maintain specified levels of minimum
consolidated liquidity and quarterly and annual earnings before
interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization, which the
Company was in compliance with as of September 30,
2016. 

-14- 

Table of Contents  

10. Commitments and Contingencies 

Employment Agreements 

The
Company has employment agreements and retention agreements with
certain key employees. A number of these agreements require
severance payments, continuation of certain insurance benefits and
acceleration of vesting of stock options in the event of a
termination of employment by the Company without cause or by the
employee for good reason. 

Litigation 

From
time to time, the Company may be involved in litigation matters
arising from the normal course of its business activities. The
actions filed against the Company and other litigation, even if not
meritorious, could result in substantial costs and diversion of
resources and management attention, and an adverse outcome in
litigation could materially adversely affect its business, results
of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

11. Income Taxes 

On
an interim basis, the Company estimates what its anticipated annual
effective tax rate will be and records a quarterly income tax
provision in accordance with the estimated annual rate, plus the
tax effect of certain discrete items that arise during the
quarter.  As the fiscal year progresses, the Company
refines its estimates based on actual events and financial results
during the year.  This process can result in significant
changes to the Company s estimated effective tax
rate.  When this occurs, the income tax provision is
adjusted during the quarter in which the estimates are refined so
that the year-to-date provision reflects the estimated annual
effective tax rate.  These changes, along with
adjustments to the Company's deferred taxes and related valuation
allowance, may create fluctuations in the overall effective tax
rate from quarter to quarter. 

The
Company s effective tax rate for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 differed from the U.S. federal statutory
rate primarily due to state income taxes and a nonrecurring
remeasurement book gain on an investment reversed for tax
purposes.   

The
total amount of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding associated
interest and penalties, was $0.5 million as of September 30, 2016,
all of which, if subsequently recognized, would have affected the
Company s tax rate. 

The
total balance of accrued interest and penalties related to
uncertain tax positions was $12,000 and $10,000 as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  The
Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax
positions as a component of income tax expense, and the accrued
interest and penalties are included in deferred and other long-term
liabilities in the Company s condensed consolidated balance
sheets.  There were no material interest or penalties
included in income tax expense for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The
Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and in various foreign
and state jurisdictions.  Due to expired statutes of
limitation, the Company s federal income tax returns for
years prior to calendar year 2013 are not subject to examination by
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.  Generally, for the
majority of state jurisdictions where the Company does business,
periods prior to calendar year 2012 are no longer subject to
examination.  The Company is currently under examination
by the State of Michigan for the years 2011 through 2014, but does
not anticipate any material adjustments.  The Company
does not anticipate a significant change to the total amount of
unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve
months.  Audit outcomes and the timing of settlements are
subject to significant uncertainty. 

-15- 

Table of Contents  

It e m 2.    Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations  

Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements 

The Securities and Exchange Commission
(   SEC   ) encourages companies to disclose
forward-looking information so that investors can better understand
a company s future prospects and make informed investment
decisions. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as
 anticipates,   estimates, 
 expects,   projects, 
 intends,   plans,   believes, 
 will  and words of similar substance used in
connection with any discussion of future operations or financial
performance identify forward-looking statements. In particular,
statements regarding expectations and opportunities, industry
trends, new product expectations and capabilities, and our outlook
regarding our performance and growth are forward-looking
statements. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q also contains
statements regarding plans, goals and objectives. There is no
assurance that we will be able to carry out our plans or achieve
our goals and objectives or that we will be able to do so
successfully on a profitable basis. These forward-looking
statements are just predictions and involve risks and
uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and actual
results may differ materially from these statements. Factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those
reflected in forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to, those discussed in this Item 2 and under the heading
 Risk Factors  in our annual report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015 (   2015 Form 10-K   ).
Investors are urged not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on
which they were made. Except as may be required by law, we do not
undertake any obligation, and expressly disclaim any obligation, to
update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise. All forward-looking
statements contained herein are qualified in their entirety by the
foregoing cautionary statements.  

You
should read the following discussion of our results of operations
and financial condition in conjunction with our unaudited
consolidated condensed financial statements and related notes
included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
and our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes
thereto in the 2015 Form 10-K. 

Our corporate website is located at 
 www.autobytel.com  .
Information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. At or through the Investor Relations
section of our website we make available free of charge our Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to these reports as soon as
practicable after the reports are electronically filed with or
furnished to the SEC.  

Unless
the context otherwise requires, the terms  we ,
 us ,  our ,  Autobytel  and
 Company  refer to Autobytel Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries. 

Basis of Presentation and Critical Accounting Policies 

See Note 2,   Basis of
Presentation  , to the
accompanying unaudited consolidated condensed financial
statements.  

We prepare our financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America (   GAAP   ), which require us to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Accordingly,
actual results could differ materially from our estimates. To the
extent that there are material differences between these estimates
and our actual results, our financial condition or results of
operations may be affected. For a detailed discussion of the
application of our critical accounting policies, see Note 2 of the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  in Part
II, Item 8  Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data  in the 2015 Form 10-K. There have been no changes to
our critical accounting policies since we filed our 2015 Form
10-K.  

Recent Acquisitions 

On October 1, 2015 (   AutoWeb Merger
Date   ), Autobytel entered
into and consummated an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among
Autobytel, New Horizon Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Autobytel
(   Merger Sub   ), AutoWeb, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(   AutoWeb   ) and Jose Vargas, in his capacity as
Stockholder Representative, pursuant to which Merger Sub
merged with and into AutoWeb, with AutoWeb continuing as the
surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Autobytel.  

On May 21, 2015, Autobytel and CDK Global, LLC, A
Delaware limited liability company (   CDK   ), entered into and consummated a Stock
Purchase Agreement in which Autobytel acquired all of the issued
and outstanding shares of common stock in Dealix Corporation, a
California corporation and subsidiary of CDK, and Autotegrity,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and subsidiary of CDK
(collectively,    Dealix/Autotegrity   ).  Dealix
Corporation provides new and used car Leads to automotive
dealerships, Dealer groups and Manufacturers, and Autotegrity, Inc.
is a consumer Leads acquisition and analytics
business.  

For additional information concerning these
acquisitions, see Note 4,   Acquisitions  ,
to the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements.  

-16- 

Table of Contents  

Overview 

We are an automotive marketing services company
that assists automotive retail dealers (   Dealers   ) and automotive manufacturers
(   Manufacturers   )
market and sell new and used vehicles to consumers through our
programs for online purchase request referrals
(   Leads   ), Dealer marketing products and services,
online advertising, consumer traffic referral programs and mobile
products.  

Our consumer-facing automotive websites
(   Company
Websites   ), including our
flagship website Autobytel.com , provide consumers with
information and tools to aid them with their automotive purchase
decisions and the ability to submit inquiries requesting Dealers to
contact the consumers regarding purchasing or leasing vehicles
(   Vehicle
Leads   ).  For
consumers who may not be able to secure loans through conventional
lending sources, our Company Websites provide these consumers the
ability to submit inquiries requesting Dealers or other lenders
that may offer vehicle financing to these consumers to contact the
consumers regarding vehicle financing (   Finance
Leads   ).  The
Company s mission for consumers is to be  Your Lifetime
Automotive Advisor"  by engaging consumers throughout the
entire lifecycle of their automotive needs.  

Lead quality is measured by the conversion of
Leads to actual vehicle sales.  Leads are
internally-generated from our Company Websites
(   Internally-Generated
Leads   ) or acquired from
third parties (   Non-Internally-Generated
Leads   ) that generate
Leads from their websites (   Non-Company
Websites   ).  We
measure Lead quality by the conversion of Leads to actual vehicle
sales, which we refer to as the  buy rate.  Buy rate is
the percentage of the consumers submitting Leads that we delivered
to our customers represented by the number of these consumers who
purchased vehicles within ninety days of the date of the Lead
submission.  We rely on detailed feedback from Manufacturers
and wholesale customers to confirm the performance of our
Leads.  Our Manufacturer and wholesale customers each match
the Leads we deliver to our customers against vehicle sales to
provide us with information about vehicle purchases by the
consumers who submitted Leads that we delivered to these customers.
  Autobytel also contracts with
IHS Automotive, a leading provider of market insights and
measurement solutions driven by Polk data, to statistically measure
the performance of leads submitted through the Autobytel Network.
This information allows us to estimate the buy rates for the
consumers who submitted our Internally-Generated Leads and our
Non-Internally Generated Leads and based on these estimates, to
estimate an industry average buy rate. Based on the most current
IHS data (which are provided to us only on an aggregated,
non-personally identifiable basis), we have estimated that, on
average, consumers who submit Internally-Generated Leads that we
deliver to our customers have an estimated buy rate of
approximately 17%.  Buy rates that individual Dealers may
achieve can be impacted by factors such as the strength of
processes and procedures within the dealership to manage
communications and follow up with
consumers.    

In
addition, we report a number of key metrics to our customers,
allowing them to gain a better understanding of the revenue
opportunities that they may realize from acquiring Leads from
us.  We can now optimize the mix of Leads we deliver to
our Dealers based on multiple sources of quality measurements.
Also, by reporting the buying behavior of potential customers, the
findings also can help shape improvements to online Lead
management, online advertising and dealership sales process
training.  By providing actionable data, we place
considerable intelligence in the hands of our
customers. 

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 our business,
results of operations and financial condition were affected, and
may continue to be affected in the future, by general economic and
market factors, conditions in the automotive industry, the market
for Leads and the market for advertising services, including, but
not limited to, the following: 

The
effect of unemployment on the number of vehicle
purchasers; 

Pricing
and purchase incentives for vehicles; 

The
expectation that consumers will be purchasing fewer vehicles
overall during their lifetime as a result of better quality
vehicles and longer warranties; 

The
impact of fuel prices on demand for the number and types of
vehicles; 

Increases
or decreases in the number of retail Dealers or in the number of
Manufacturers and other wholesale customers in our customer
base; 

The
effect of changes in search engine algorithms and methodologies on
our Lead generation and website advertising activities and
margins; 

Volatility
in spending by Manufacturers and others in their marketing
budgets and allocations; and 

The
competitive impact of consolidation in the online automotive
referral industry. 

-17- 

Table of Contents  

In addition, our
future business, results of operations and financial condition will
be affected by our acquisition of AutoWeb, discussed above in the
Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements
included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q. 

Results of Operations 

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2015  

The
following table sets forth certain statement of income data for the
three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (certain
amounts may not calculate due to rounding): 

Leads.    Lead
fees revenues decreased $0.3 million, or 1%, in the third quarter
of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015 primarily as a result
of the elimination of poor quality traffic from the
Dealix/Autotegrity acquisition in May 2015.  

Advertising. 
 Advertising revenues increased $4.2
million, or 130%, in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the
third quarter of 2015 as a result of an increase in click revenue
due to increased click volume and pricing.  

Other
Revenues.    Other
revenues consist primarily of revenues from our mobile products and
revenues from our Reseller Agreement with
SaleMove.     Other revenues decreased to $0.3 million in the
third quarter of 2016 from $0.5 million in the third quarter of
2015 primarily due to the discontinuation of a Manufacturer s
brand utilizing other Company products.  

Cost of
Revenues.    Cost of
revenues consists of purchase request and traffic acquisition costs
and other cost of revenues. Purchase request and traffic
acquisition costs consist of payments made to our purchase request
providers, including internet portals and online automotive
information providers. Other cost of revenues consists of search
engine marketing (   SEM   ) and fees paid to third parties for data
and content, including search engine optimization
(   SEO   ) activity, included on our websites,
connectivity costs, development costs related to our websites,
compensation related expense and technology license fees, server
equipment depreciation and technology amortization directly related
to the Company Websites. SEM, sometimes referred to as paid search
marketing, is the practice of bidding on keywords on search engines
to drive traffic to a website.      

Cost
of revenues increased $3.3 million, or 13%, in the third quarter of
2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015 primarily due to
increased traffic acquisition costs associated with both lead and
click volume together with increased intangible amortization costs
from both the Dealix/Autotegrity and AutoWeb
acquisitions. 

-18- 

Table of Contents  

Sales and
Marketing.    Sales and
marketing expense includes costs for developing our brand equity,
personnel costs and other costs associated with Dealer sales,
website advertising, Dealer support and bad debt expense. Sales and
marketing expense in the third quarter of 2016 decreased $0.1
million, or 4%, compared to the third quarter of 2015 due primarily
to decreased trade print expenses in 2016.  

Technology Support. 
 Technology support expense includes
compensation, benefits, software licenses and other direct costs
incurred by the Company to enhance, manage, maintain, support,
monitor and operate the Company s websites and related
technologies, and to operate the Company s internal
technology infrastructure. Technology support expense in the third
quarter of 2016 decreased by $0.6 million, or 18%, compared to the
third quarter of 2015 due primarily to decreased headcount and
resource related costs associated with the Dealix/Autotegrity
acquisition and integration.  

General and
Administrative.   General and
administrative expense consists of executive, financial and legal
personnel expenses and costs related to being a public company.
General and administrative expense in the third quarter of 2016
decreased $0.3 million, or 7%, compared to the third quarter of
2015 because professional fees were higher in 2015 as a result of
the Dealix/Autotegrity and AutoWeb acquisitions in
2015.    

Depreciation and
Amortization.    Depreciation and amortization expense in the third
quarter of 2016 increased $0.6 million to $1.3 million compared to
$0.7 million in the third quarter of 2015 primarily due to the
addition of intangible assets related to the acquisition of
AutoWeb.  

Litigation
Settlements.    Payments received primarily from 2010 settlements
of patent infringement claims against third parties relating to the
third parties  methods of Lead delivery were relatively flat
in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of
2015.  

Interest and Other Income
(Expense), Net.    Interest and other expense was $0.2 million for
the third quarter of 2016 and the third quarter of
2015.  Interest expense decreased to $212,000 in the
third quarter of 2016 from $215,000 in the third quarter of
2015 primarily due to a decreased balance on our term
loans.    

Income Taxes. 
 Income tax expense was $1.3 million in
the third quarter of 2016 compared to $1.5 million in the third
quarter of 2015.  Income tax expense for the third
quarter of 2016 differed from the federal statutory rate primarily
due to state income taxes and a nonrecurring remeasurement book
gain on an investment reversed for tax
purposes.    

-19- 

Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2015 

The
following table sets forth certain statement of income data for the
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (certain
amounts may not calculate due to rounding): 

Leads.    Lead
fees revenues increased $10.2 million, or 12%, in the first nine
months of  2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015
primarily as a result of increased lead volume associated with the
Dealix/Autotegrity acquisition in May 2015.  

Advertising. 
 Advertising revenues increased $9.6
million, or 140%, in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the
first nine months of 2015 as a result of an increase in click
revenue due to increased click volume and
pricing.  

Other
Revenues.    Other
revenues decreased $0.3 million, or 20%, in the first nine months
of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015 primarily due to
the discontinuation of a Manufacturer s brand utilizing other
products.  

Cost of
Revenues.    Cost of
revenues increased $13.4 million, or 22%, in the first nine months
of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015 primarily due to
increased lead volume from the Dealix/Autotegrity acquisition in
May 2015 together with increased intangible amortization costs from
both the Dealix/Autotegrity and AutoWeb
acquisitions.  

Sales
and Marketing.    Sales and marketing expense
in the first nine months of 2016 increased $2.6 million, or 23%,
compared to the first nine months of 2015 due primarily to
increased headcount related costs associated with the
Dealix/Autotegrity and AutoWeb acquisitions coupled with severance
expense of $0.6 million and accelerated stock compensation expense
of $0.3 million associated with the termination of two executive
officers.  

Technology Support. 
 Technology support expense in the
first nine months of 2016 increased by $2.8 million, or 36%,
compared to the first nine months of 2015 due primarily to
increased headcount related costs associated with the
Dealix/Autotegrity and AutoWeb acquisitions coupled with severance
expense of $0.3 million and accelerated stock compensation expense
of $0.2 million associated with the termination of an executive
officer.  

General and
Administrative.   General and
administrative expense in the first nine months of 2016 increased
$0.6 million, or 6%, compared to the first nine months of 2015 due
to increased headcount costs and facility fees offset with a
reduction in professional fees associated with the
Dealix/Autotegrity and AutoWeb acquisitions.  

Depreciation and
Amortization.    Depreciation and amortization expense in the first
nine months of 2016 increased $2.0 million to $3.8 million compared
to $1.8 million in the first nine months of 2015 primarily due
to the addition of intangible assets related to the acquisitions of
Dealix/Autotegrity and AutoWeb.  

-20- 

Table of Contents  

Litigation
Settlements.    Payments received primarily from 2010 settlements
of patent infringement claims against third parties relating to the
third parties  methods of Lead delivery for the first nine
months of 2016 were $25,000 compared to $75,000 in the first nine
months of 2015. We also paid $41,000 related to settlement of
claims alleged under the  Controlling the Assault of
Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act of 2003  inherited in connection with the acquisition of
Dealix/Autotegrity in the first nine months of
2016.  

Interest and Other Income
(Expense), Net.    Interest and other expense was $0.6 million for
the first nine months of 2016 compared to $0.5 million in the first
nine months of 2015.  Interest expense increased to $0.7
million in the first nine months of 2016 from $0.6 million in
the first nine months of 2015 primarily due to increased borrowings
on our term loans and revolving line of
credit.    

Income Taxes. 
 Income tax expense was $1.2 million in
the first nine months of 2016 compared to income tax expense of
$2.4 million in the first nine months of 2015.  Income
tax expense for the first nine months of 2016 differed from the
federal statutory rate primarily due to state income taxes and a
nonrecurring remeasurement book gain on an investment reversed for
tax purposes.    

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The
table below sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Our
principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents
balances.  Our cash and cash equivalents totaled $32.7
million as of September 30, 2016 compared to $24.0 million as of
December 31, 2015. 

For
information concerning the Company s previously announced
share repurchase authorization, see Note 5, Notes to Unaudited
Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements included in Part I,
Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Credit Facility and Term
Loan  . For information
concerning our term and revolving bank loans, see Note 9, Notes to
Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements included in
Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q.    

Net Cash Provided by Operating
Activities  .  Net cash
provided by operating activities in the nine months ended September
30, 2016 of $12.1 million resulted primarily from net income of
$2.5 million, as adjusted for non-cash charges.  We also
had net decreases in working capital, driven by an increase in our
accounts receivable balance related to the timing of payments
received offset by an increase in accounts payable of $3.7
million.  

Net
cash provided by operating activities in the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 of $7.6 million resulted primarily from net
income of $3.3 million, as adjusted for non-cash charges to
earnings. This was offset by net decreases in working capital,
driven by cash used to reduce accrued liabilities of $2.1 million
primarily related to the payment of annual incentive compensation
amounts and severance accrued in 2014 and paid in the first nine
months of 2015 and decreases in other assets.  

Net Cash Used in Investing
Activities  .  Net cash
used in investing activities was $2.2 million in the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 which primarily related to a $0.4 million
investment in GoMoto, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and purchases
of property and equipment and expenditures related to capitalized
internal use software of $1.9 million.   

-21- 

Table of Contents  

Net
cash used in investing activities was $26.8 million in the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 which related to the acquisition of
Dealix/Autotegrity and purchases of property and
equipment. 

Net Cash (Used In) Provided by
Financing Activities  .  Net cash used in financing activities
of $1.1 million primarily related to payments of $3.9 million made
against the term loan borrowings in the first nine months of 2016.
In addition, stock options for 334,861 shares of the
Company s common stock were exercised in the first nine
months of 2016 resulting in $2.9 million cash
inflow.  

Net
cash provided by financing activities of $17.3 million primarily
related to borrowings on our term loans of $15.0 million,
borrowings on the Revolving Loan of $2.8 million, proceeds from the
exercise of a warrant of $1.9 million offset by payments of $2.4
million made against the term loan borrowings in the first nine
months of 2015.  The warrant was issued in 2010 in
connection with our acquisition of substantially all of the assets
of Cyber Ventures, Inc. and Autotropolis, Inc.  In
addition, stock options for 19,074 shares of the Company s
common stock were exercised in the first nine months of 2015
resulting in $0.1 million cash inflow. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

At
September 30, 2016, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as
defined in Regulation S-K, Item 303(a)(4)(D)(ii). 

Ite m 
3.    Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk  

In
the ordinary course of business, we are exposed to various market
risk factors, including fluctuations in interest rates and changes
in general economic conditions.  For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 there were no material changes in
the information required to be provided under Item 305 of
Regulation S-K from the information disclosed in Item 7A of the
2015 Form 10-K. 

Ite m  4.    Controls
and Procedures  

As of the end of the period covered by this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we carried out an evaluation under
the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(   Exchange Act   ). Based on the evaluation, our Chief
Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer believe that, as
of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on
Form  10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective at ensuring that the information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act
are (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and
(ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as
appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial
disclosure.  

As
of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q, there were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
that have materially affected, or were reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief
Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and
internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors
and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all
control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be
faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or
mistake. Additionally, controls may be circumvented by the
individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people
or by management override of the control. 

The
design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be
no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions; over time, a control
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a
cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud
may occur and not be detected. 

-22- 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

It e m 6.  Exhibits 

2.1  

Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of January 13, 2014
by and among Autobytel Inc., a Delaware corporation, AutoNation,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, and AutoNationDirect.com, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, which is incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
January 17, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-34761) 

2.2  

Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of May 21, 2015 by and among
Autobytel Inc., a Delaware corporation, CDK Global, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, Dealix Corporation, a California
corporation, and Autotegrity, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which
is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2015 (SEC File No.
001-34761) 

2.3  

Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 1, 2015 by and
among Autobytel Inc., a Delaware corporation, New Horizon
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation, AutoWeb, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, and Jose Vargas, which is incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the SEC on October 6, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-34761)
(   October 2015
Form 8-K   )  

3.1 

Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
Autobytel Inc. (formerly Autobytel.com Inc.) certified by the
Secretary of State of Delaware (filed December 14, 1998), as
amended by Certificate of Amendment dated March 1, 1999, Second
Certificate of Amendment of the Fifth Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation of Autobytel Inc. dated July 22, 1999,
Third Certificate of Amendment of the Fifth Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation of Autobytel Inc. dated August 14,
2001, and Amended Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock dated April 24, 2009, which are
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009
filed with the SEC on April 24, 2009 (SEC File No. 000-22239);
Fourth Certificate of Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation of Autobytel Inc. dated July 10, 2012,
which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 12, 2012 (SEC
File No. 001-34761); and Fifth Certificate of Amendment to Fifth
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Autobytel Inc.
dated July 3, 2013, which is incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 3.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended June 30, 2013 filed with the SEC on August 1, 2013
(SEC File No. 001-34761); and Certificate of Designations of
Series B Junior Participating Convertible Preferred Stock of
Autobytel Inc. dated October 1, 2015, which is incorporated herein
by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the October 2015 Form
8-K 

3.2 

Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Autobytel Inc. dated October
1, 2015, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2
to the October 2015 Form 8-K 

-23- 

Table of Contents  

*           Filed
or furnished herewith. 

Certain
schedules in this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item
601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K.  Autobytel will furnish
supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the
Securities and Exchange Commission upon request; provided, however,
that Autobytel may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule
24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any
schedule or exhibit so furnished. 

Furnished
with this report.  In accordance with Rule 406T of
Regulation S-T, the information in these exhibits shall not be
deemed to be  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject
to liability under that section, and shall not be incorporated by
reference into any registration statement or other document filed
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as expressly
set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

-24- 

Table of Contents  

SIGN A TURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AUTOBYTEL INC. 

Date: November 3, 2016 

By: 

/s/
Kimberly S. Boren  

Kimberly S. Boren 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial
Officer) 

Date: November 3, 2016 

By: 

/s/
Wesley Ozima  

Wesley Ozima 

Vice President and Controller 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

-25- 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

2.1  

Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of January 13, 2014
by and among Autobytel Inc., a Delaware corporation, AutoNation,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, and AutoNationDirect.com, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, which is incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
January 17, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-34761) 

2.2  

Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of May 21, 2015 by and among
Autobytel Inc., a Delaware corporation, CDK Global, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, Dealix Corporation, a California
corporation, and Autotegrity, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which
is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2015 (SEC File No.
001-34761) 

2.3  

Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 1, 2015 by and
among Autobytel Inc., a Delaware corporation, New Horizon
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation, AutoWeb, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, and Jose Vargas, which is incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the SEC on October 6, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-34761)
(   October 2015
Form 8-K   )  

3.1 

Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
Autobytel Inc. (formerly Autobytel.com Inc.) certified by the
Secretary of State of Delaware (filed December 14, 1998), as
amended by Certificate of Amendment dated March 1, 1999, Second
Certificate of Amendment of the Fifth Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation of Autobytel Inc. dated July 22,
1999, Third Certificate of Amendment of the Fifth Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Autobytel Inc. dated
August 14, 2001, and Amended Certificate of Designation of Series A
Junior Participating Preferred Stock dated April 24, 2009, which
are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March
31, 2009 filed with the SEC on April 24, 2009 (SEC File No.
000-22239); Fourth Certificate of Amendment to Fifth Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Autobytel Inc. dated July
10, 2012, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1
to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 12,
2012 (SEC File No. 001-34761); and Fifth Certificate of Amendment
to Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
Autobytel Inc. dated July 3, 2013, which is incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013 filed with the SEC on
August 1, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-34761); and Certificate of
Designations of Series B Junior Participating Convertible Preferred
Stock of Autobytel Inc. dated October 1, 2015, which is
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the October 2015
Form 8-K 

3.2 

Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Autobytel Inc. dated October
1, 2015, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2
to the October 2015 Form 8-K 

-26- 

Table of Contents  

*           Filed
or furnished herewith. 

Certain
schedules in this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item
601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K.  Autobytel will furnish
supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the
Securities and Exchange Commission upon request; provided, however,
that Autobytel may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule
24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any
schedule or exhibit so furnished. 

Furnished
with this report.  In accordance with Rule 406T of
Regulation S-T, the information in these exhibits shall not be
deemed to be  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject
to liability under that section, and shall not be incorporated by
reference into any registration statement or other document filed
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as expressly
set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

-27- 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Ex31-1 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Jeffrey H. Coats, certify that: 

1. 

  I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Autobytel
Inc.; 

2.   

  Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.   

  Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4.   

  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a)   

  Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b)   

  Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c)   

  Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)   

  Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5.   

  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)   

  All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b)   

  Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/
Jeffrey H. Coats  

Jeffrey H. Coats 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Ex31-2 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Kimberly S. Boren, certify that: 

1.   

  I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Autobytel
Inc.; 

2.   

  Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.   

  Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4.   

  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a)   

  Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b)   

  Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c)   

  Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)   

  Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5.   

  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)   

  All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b)   

  Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/
Kimberly S. Boren  

Kimberly S. Boren, 

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Ex32-1 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
Autobytel Inc. (the    Company   ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 (the    Report   ), we, Jeffrey H. Coats, President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Kimberly S. Boren,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that:  

1.   

  The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.   

  The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
Jeffrey H. Coats  

Jeffrey H. Coats 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

November 3, 2016 

/s/
Kimberly S. Boren  

Kimberly S. Boren 

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

November 3, 2016 

A
signed original of this written statement required by
Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging,
or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by
Section 906, has been provided to Autobytel Inc. and will be
retained by Autobytel Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 abtl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 abtl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 abtl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 abtl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 abtl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 abtl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

