<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_812348_0001193125-16-761461_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8152335</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>100321</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>402867</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1633790</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3713712</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1795388</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>51</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-761461.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107142848
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-761461
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CENTURY BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000812348
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				042498617
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15752
		FILM NUMBER:		161977647

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 MYSTIC AVENUE
		CITY:			MEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01887
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6173934606

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 MYSTIC AVE
		CITY:			MEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01887

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-761461.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 d266109d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016.   
  or       
 
  Commission file number: 0-15752        
       CENTURY
BANCORP, INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS  
   
  04-2498617   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
     
    (781) 391-4000   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.       Yes       No    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).       Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. (See definition of
 accelerated filer and large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). (Check one):      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).       Yes       No    As of October 31, 2016, the Registrant had
outstanding:      

Table of Contents  

     Century Bancorp, Inc.   

Table of Contents  

      Forward Looking Statements    
 Except for the historical information contained herein, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain. Actual performance and results of
operations may differ materially from those projected or suggested in the forward-looking statements due to certain risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, (i) the fact that the Company s success is dependent to a
significant extent upon general economic conditions in New England, (ii) the fact that the Company s earnings depend to a great extent upon the level of net interest income (the difference between interest income earned on loans and
investments and the interest expense paid on deposits and other borrowings) generated by the Bank and thus the Bank s results of operations may be adversely affected by increases or decreases in interest rates, (iii) the fact that the
banking business is highly competitive and the profitability of the Company depends upon the Bank s ability to attract loans and deposits within its market area, where the Bank competes with a variety of traditional banking and other
institutions such as credit unions and finance companies, and (iv) the fact that a significant portion of the Company s loan portfolio is comprised of commercial loans, exposing the Company to the risks inherent in loans based upon
analyses of credit risk, the value of underlying collateral, including real estate, and other more intangible factors, which are considered in making commercial loans. Accordingly, the Company s profitability may be negatively impacted by
errors in risk analyses, and by loan defaults, and the ability of certain borrowers to repay such loans may be adversely affected by any downturn in general economic conditions. These factors, as well as general economic and market conditions, may
materially and adversely affect the market price of shares of the Company s common stock. Because of these and other factors, past financial performance should not be considered an indicator of future performance. The forward-looking statements
contained herein represent the Company s judgment as of the date of this Form 10-Q, and the Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on such statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     PART I Item 1     
    Century Bancorp, Inc.   
  Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)   
  (In thousands, except share data)       
   See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated interim financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     Century Bancorp, Inc.   
  Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited)   
  (In thousands, except share data)       
   See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated interim financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     Century Bancorp, Inc.   
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)   
  (In thousands)       
   See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated interim financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     Century Bancorp, Inc.   
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity (unaudited)   
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015       
   See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated interim financial statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

     Century Bancorp, Inc.   
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)   
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015       
   See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated interim financial statements.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

     Century Bancorp, Inc.   
  Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
   Note 1. Basis of Financial Statement Presentation    
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Century Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) and its wholly owned subsidiary, Century Bank and
Trust Company (the  Bank ). The consolidated financial statements also include the accounts of the Bank s wholly owned subsidiaries, Century Subsidiary Investments, Inc. ( CSII ), Century Subsidiary Investments, Inc. II
( CSII II ), Century Subsidiary Investments, Inc. III ( CSII III ) and Century Financial Services Inc. ( CFSI ). CSII, CSII II, and CSII III are engaged in buying, selling and holding investment securities. CFSI has the
power to engage in financial agency, securities brokerage, and investment and financial advisory services and related securities credit. The Company also owns 100% of Century Bancorp Capital Trust II ( CBCT II ). The entity is an
unconsolidated subsidiary of the Company.    All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company
provides a full range of banking services to individual, business and municipal customers in Massachusetts. As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to the regulation and supervision of the Federal Reserve Board. The Bank, a state chartered
financial institution, is subject to supervision and regulation by applicable state and federal banking agencies, including the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the  FDIC ) and the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks. The Bank is also subject to various requirements and restrictions under federal and state law, including requirements to maintain reserves against deposits, restrictions on the types and amounts of loans that may
be granted and the interest that may be charged thereon, and limitations on the types of investments that may be made and the types of services that may be offered. Various consumer laws and regulations also affect the operations of the Bank. In
addition to the impact of regulation, commercial banks are affected significantly by the actions of the Federal Reserve Board as it attempts to control the money supply and credit availability in order to influence the economy. All aspects of the
Company s business are highly competitive. The Company faces aggressive competition from other lending institutions and from numerous other providers of financial services. The Company has one reportable operating segment.  
 The financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and general practices
within the banking industry. In preparing the financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the balance sheet and revenues and expenses for
the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.    Material estimates that are susceptible to change in the near term relate to the allowance for loan
losses. Management believes that the allowance for loan losses is adequate based on independent appraisals and review of other factors, including historical charge-off rates with additional allocations based on risk factors for each category and
general economic factors. While management uses available information to recognize loan losses, future additions to the allowance for loan losses may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions. In addition, regulatory agencies periodically
review the Company s allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize additions to the allowance for loan losses based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. Certain
reclassifications are made to prior-year amounts whenever necessary to conform with the current-year presentation.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

    Note 2. Securities Available-for-Sale    
   
   Included in U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise Securities and U.S. Government Agency and Sponsored Enterprise
Mortgage-Backed Securities are securities at fair value pledged to secure public deposits and repurchase agreements amounting to $223,246,000 and $220,482,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Also included in
securities available-for-sale are securities at fair value pledged for borrowing at the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston amounting to $63,351,000 and $20,056,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company
realized gross gains of $52,000 from the proceeds of $2,376,000 from the sales of available-for-sale securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company realized gross gains of $170,000 from the proceeds of $42,716,000 from the
sales of available-for-sale securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    Debt securities of Government Sponsored Enterprises primarily
refer to debt securities of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.    The following table shows the maturity distribution of the Company s securities
available-for-sale at September 30, 2016.      
   The weighted average remaining life of investment securities available-for-sale at September 30, 2016 was 3.6 years.
Included in the weighted average remaining life calculation at September 30, 2016 were $15,000,000 of U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprises obligations that are callable at the discretion of the issuer. The contractual maturities, which were
used in the table above, of mortgage-backed securities, will differ from the actual maturities, due to the ability of the issuers to prepay underlying obligations.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, management concluded that the unrealized losses of its
investment securities are temporary in nature since they are not related to the underlying credit quality of the issuers, and the Company does not intend to sell these debt securities and it is not more likely than not that it will be required to
sell these debt securities before the anticipated recovery of its remaining amortized cost. In making its other-than-temporary impairment evaluation, the Company considered that the principal and interest on these securities are from issuers that
are investment grade. The change in the unrealized losses on the state and municipal securities and the non-agency mortgage-backed securities was primarily caused by changes in credit spreads and liquidity issues in the marketplace.  
 The unrealized loss on SBA Backed Securities, U.S. Government Agency and Sponsored Enterprise Mortgage Backed Securities, and Obligations Issued by States and
Political Subdivisions, related primarily to interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company has the ability and intent to hold these investments until recovery of fair value, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider these
investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired.    In evaluating the underlying credit quality of a security, management considers several factors such
as the credit rating of the obligor and the issuer, if applicable. Internal reviews of issuer financial statements are performed as deemed necessary. In the case of privately issued mortgage-backed securities, the performance of the underlying loans
is analyzed as deemed necessary to determine the estimated future cash flows of the securities. Factors considered include the level of subordination, current and estimated future default rates, current and estimated prepayment rates, estimated loss
severity rates, geographic concentrations and origination dates of underlying loans. In the case of marketable equity securities, the severity of the unrealized loss, the length of time the unrealized loss has existed, and the issuer s
financial performance are considered.    The following table shows the temporarily impaired securities of the Company s available-for-sale portfolio at
September 30, 2016. This table shows the unrealized market loss of securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months and a continuous loss position for 12 months or longer. There are 41 and 15
securities that are temporarily impaired for less than 12 months and for 12 months or longer, respectively, out of a total of 282 holdings at September 30, 2016.  

11  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows the temporarily impaired securities of the Company s available-for-sale portfolio
at December 31, 2015. This table shows the unrealized market loss of securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months and a continuous loss position for 12 months or longer. There are 14 and 11
securities that are temporarily impaired for less than 12 months and for 12 months or longer, respectively, out of a total of 290 holdings at December 31, 2015.      
     Note 3. Investment Securities Held-to-Maturity    
   
   Included in U.S. Government and Agency Securities are securities pledged to secure public deposits and repurchase agreements
at fair value amounting to $1,119,685,000 and $1,004,743,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Also included are securities pledged for borrowing at the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston at fair value amounting to
$355,602,000 and $432,965,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company realized gross gains of $12,000 from the proceeds of $192,000 from the sales of securities held-to-maturity for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. The sales of securities held-to-maturity relate to certain mortgage-backed securities for which the Company had previously collected a substantial portion of its principal investment. There were no sales of held-to-maturity
securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all mortgage-backed securities are
obligations of U.S. Government Agencies and Government Sponsored Enterprises. U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprises primarily refer to debt securities of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows the maturity distribution of the Company s securities held-to-maturity at
September 30, 2016.      
   The weighted average remaining life of investment securities held-to-maturity at September 30, 2016 was 3.8 years.
Included in the weighted average remaining life calculation at September 30, 2016 were $76,745,000 of U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprises obligations that are callable at the discretion of the issuer. The actual maturities, which were used in
the table above, of mortgage-backed securities, will differ from the contractual maturities, due to the ability of the issuers to prepay underlying obligations.  
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, management concluded that the unrealized losses of its investment securities are temporary in nature
since they are not related to the underlying credit quality of the issuers, and the Company does not intend to sell these debt securities and it is not likely that it will be required to sell these debt securities before the anticipated recovery of
their remaining amortized costs. In making its other-than-temporary impairment evaluation, the Company considered the fact that the principal and interest on these securities are from issuers that are investment grade.  
 The unrealized loss on U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprises and U.S. Government Agency and Sponsored Enterprise Mortgage-Backed Securities related primarily
to interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell any of these securities and it is not likely that it will be required to sell these securities before the anticipated recovery of the remaining amortized cost,
the Company does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.    In evaluating
the underlying credit quality of a security, management considers several factors such as the credit rating of the obligor and the issuer, if applicable. Internal reviews of issuer financial statements are performed as deemed necessary.  
 The following table shows the temporarily impaired securities of the Company s held-to-maturity portfolio at September 30, 2016. This table shows
the unrealized market loss of securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or less and a continuous loss position for 12 months or longer. There are 33 and 15 securities that are temporarily impaired for
less than 12 months and for 12 months or longer, respectively, out of a total of 357 holdings at September 30, 2016.      
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows the temporarily impaired securities of the Company s held-to-maturity portfolio at
December 31, 2015. This table shows the unrealized market loss of securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months and a continuous loss position for 12 months or longer. There are 101 and 26
securities that are temporarily impaired for less than 12 months and for 12 months or longer, respectively, out of a total of 322 holdings at December 31, 2015.  
   
     Note 4. Allowance for Loan Losses    
 The Company maintains an allowance for loan losses in an amount determined by management on the basis of the character of the loans, loan performance,
financial condition of borrowers, the value of collateral securing loans and other relevant factors.    The following table summarizes the changes in the
Company s allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated.      

* 
 The reclassification relates to allowance for loan losses allocations on unused commitments that have been reclassified to other liabilities.    
      14  

Table of Contents  

  Further information pertaining to the allowance for loan losses for the three months ending September 30,
2016 follows:      
   Further information pertaining to the allowance for loan losses for the nine months ending September 30, 2016 follows:
     
   During the three and nine months ending September 30, 2016, the Company s provision was primarily attributable to an
increase in loan balances.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

  Further information pertaining to the allowance for loan losses for the three months ending September 30,
2015 follows:      
   Further information pertaining to the allowance for loan losses for the nine months ending September 30, 2015 follows:

16  

Table of Contents  

  The Company utilizes a six grade internal loan rating system for commercial real estate, construction and
commercial loans as follows:    Loans rated 1-3 (Pass):    Loans
in this category are considered  pass  rated loans with low to average risk.    Loans rated 4 (Monitor):  
 These loans represent classified loans that management is closely monitoring for credit quality. These loans have had or may have minor credit quality
deterioration as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.    Loans rated 5 (Substandard):  
 Substandard loans represent classified loans that management is closely monitoring for credit quality. These loans have had more significant credit quality
deterioration as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.    Loans rated 6 (Doubtful):  
 Doubtful loans represent classified loans that management is closely monitoring for credit quality. These loans had more significant credit quality
deterioration as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and are doubtful for full collection.    Impaired:  
 Impaired loans represent classified loans that management is closely monitoring for credit quality. A loan is classified as impaired when it is probable that
the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due.    The following table presents the Company s loans by risk rating at September 30, 2016.
     
   The following table presents the Company s loans by risk rating at December 31, 2015.  

17  

Table of Contents  

  The Company has increased its exposure to larger loans to large institutions with publically available credit
ratings beginning in 2015. These ratings are tracked as a credit quality indicator for these loans. Credit ratings issued by national organizations were utilized as credit quality indicators as presented in the following table at
September 30, 2016 and are included within the total loan portfolio.      
   Credit ratings issued by national organizations were utilized as credit quality indicators as presented in the following table
at December 31, 2015.      
   The Company utilized payment performance as credit quality indicators for the loan types listed below. The indicators are
depicted in the table  aging of past due loans,  below.    Further information pertaining to the allowance for loan losses at September 30,
2016 follows:      
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

  Further information pertaining to the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2015 follows:  
   
   A loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that a creditor will be unable to collect all
amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. When a loan is impaired, the Company measures impairment based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, except
that as a practical expedient, the Company measures impairment based on a loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. Loans are charged-off when management believes that the
collectability of the loan s principal is not probable. The specific factors that management considers in making the determination that the collectability of the loan s principal is not probable include: the delinquency status of the loan,
the fair value of the collateral, if secured, and the financial strength of the borrower and/or guarantors. For collateral dependent loans, the amount of the recorded investment in a loan that exceeds the fair value of the collateral is charged-off
against the allowance for loan losses in lieu of an allocation of a specific allowance amount when such an amount has been identified definitively as uncollectible. The Company s policy for recognizing interest income on impaired loans is
contained within Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements contained in the Company s Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  The following is information pertaining to impaired loans for September 30, 2016:  

20  

Table of Contents  

  The following is information pertaining to impaired loans for September 30, 2015:  
   
   There was one commercial real estate troubled debt restructuring during the nine month period ending September 30, 2016.
The pre-modification and post-modification outstanding recorded investment was $2,091,000. The loan was modified for 2016, by reducing the interest rate as well as extending the term on the loan. The financial impact for the modification was $7,000
reduction in principal payments and $2,000 reduction in interest payments for the three month period. The financial impact for the modification was $10,000 reduction in principal payments and $2,000 reduction in interest payments for the nine month
period.    There was no troubled debt restructuring during the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2015.  
 There were no troubled debt restructurings that subsequently defaulted during the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2016.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

    Note 5. Reclassifications Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income   (a)    
  Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income   

(a) 
 Amount in parentheses indicates reductions to net income.    

(b) 
 These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Employee Benefits footnote (Note 7) for additional details).    
      22  

Table of Contents  

    Note 6. Earnings per Share ( EPS )    
 Class A and Class B shares participate equally in undistributed earnings. Under the Company s Articles of Organization, the holders of Class A
Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends per share equal to at least 200% of dividends paid, if any, from time to time, on each share of Class B Common Stock.  
 Diluted EPS includes the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents; basic EPS excludes all common stock equivalents. The Company had no common stock
equivalents outstanding for the periods ended September 30, 2015 and 2016.    The following table is a reconciliation of basic EPS and diluted EPS.
     
     Note 7. Employee Benefits    
 The Company provides pension benefits to its employees under a noncontributory, defined benefit plan which is funded on a current basis in compliance with the
requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ( ERISA ) and recognizes costs over the estimated employee service period.  
 The Company also has a Supplemental Executive Insurance/Retirement Plan (the  Supplemental Plan ) which is limited to certain officers and employees
of the Company. The Supplemental Plan is accrued on a current basis and recognizes costs over the estimated employee service period.    Executive officers
of the Company and its subsidiaries who have at least one year of service may participate in the Supplemental Plan. The Supplemental Plan is voluntary and participants are required to contribute to its cost. Life insurance policies, which are owned
by the Company, are purchased covering the lives of each participant.    Effective January 1, 2016, the Company changed its estimate of the service and
interest components of the net periodic benefit cost. Previously, the Company estimated the service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation.
The new estimate utilizes a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to their underlying projected cash flows. The
new estimate provided a more precise measurement of service and interests costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows and their corresponding spot rates. The change does not affect the measurement of the Company s
benefit obligations and it is accounted for as a change in accounting estimate, which is applied prospectively.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

   Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) for the Three Months Ended September 30,
      
    Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) for the Nine Months Ended September 30,   
   
    Contributions     The
company intends to contribute $2,075,000 to the Pension Plan in 2016. As of September 30, 2016, $1,825,000 has been contributed.      Note 8. Fair
Value Measurements      The Company follows FASB ASC 820-10,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , (formerly SFAS 157,  Fair Value
Measurements, ) which among other things, requires enhanced disclosures about assets and liabilities carried at fair value. ASC 820-10 establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework associated with the level of pricing observability utilized in
measuring financial instruments at fair value. The three broad levels of the hierarchy are as follows:    Level I   Quoted prices are
available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The type of financial instruments included in Level I are highly liquid cash instruments with quoted prices such as G-7 government, agency securities,
listed equities and money market securities, as well as listed derivative instruments.    Level II   Pricing inputs are other than
quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The nature of these financial instruments include cash instruments for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently,
derivative instruments whose fair value have been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market, or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data, and instruments that are fair
valued using other financial instruments, the parameters of which can be directly observed. Instruments which are generally included in this category are corporate bonds and loans, mortgage whole loans and municipal bonds.  
 Level III   Instruments that have little to no pricing observability as of the reported date. These financial instruments do not have
two-way markets and are measured using management s best estimate of fair value, where the inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Instruments that are included in this category
generally include certain commercial mortgage loans, certain private equity investments, and distressed debt and non-investment grade residual interests in securitizations.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  The results of the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2016, are as follows:  
  Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis:   
   
   Impaired loan balances represent those collateral dependent loans where management has estimated the credit loss by comparing
the loan s carrying value against the expected realizable fair value of the collateral. Fair value is generally determined through a review process that includes independent appraisals, discounted cash flows, or other external assessments of
the underlying collateral, which generally include various Level 3 inputs which are not observable. The Company discounts the fair values, as appropriate, based on management s observations of the local real estate market for loans in this
category.    Appraisals, discounted cash flows and real estate tax assessments are reviewed quarterly. There is no specific policy regarding how frequently
appraisals will be updated. Adjustments are made to appraisals and real estate tax assessments based on management s estimate of changes in real estate values. Within the past twelve months there have been no updated appraisals, however, all
impaired loans have been reviewed during the past quarter using either a discounted cash flow analysis, appraisal of collateral or other type of real estate tax assessment. The types of adjustments that are made to specific provisions (credits)
relate to impaired loans recognized for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 amounted to ($7,000) and ($143,000), respectively.  
 There were no transfers between level 1, 2 and 3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring or nonrecurring basis during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents additional information about assets measured at fair value on a recurring and
nonrecurring basis for which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value (dollars in thousands). Management continues to monitor the assumptions used to value the assets listed below.  

Asset   
    
      Fair Value      

Valuation Technique   
    
    Unobservable Input   
    
    Unobservable Input Value or
Range    

Securities AFS (4)  
    
  $  
  179,911  

Discounted cash flow 
    
 Discount rate 
    
 0%-1% (3)  
 
   Impaired Loans  
    
  $  
  251  

Appraisal of collateral (1)         
    
 Appraisal adjustments (2)         
    
  0%-30% discount   

(1) 
 Fair value is generally determined through independent appraisals of the underlying collateral, which generally include various Level 3 inputs which are not identifiable.    

(2) 
 Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated expenses.    

(3) 
 Weighted averages.    

(4) 
 Municipal securities generally have maturities of one year or less and, therefore, the amortized cost equates to the fair value. There was one auction rate security whose fair value is based on the evaluation of the
underlying issuer, prevailing interest rates and market liquidity.      The changes in Level 3 securities for the nine month period ended
September 30, 2016 are shown in the table below:      
   The amortized cost of Level 3 securities was $180,315,000 at September 30, 2016 with an unrealized loss of $404,000. The
securities in this category are generally municipal securities with no readily determinable fair value or failed auction rate securities. Management evaluated the fair value of these securities based on an evaluation of the underlying issuer,
prevailing rates and market liquidity.    The changes in Level 3 securities for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, are shown in the table
below:      
   The amortized cost of Level 3 securities was $148,012,000 at September 30, 2015 with an unrealized loss of $876,000. The
securities in this category are generally equity investments, municipal securities with no readily determinable fair value or failed auction rate securities. Management evaluated the fair value of these securities based on an evaluation of the
underlying issuer, prevailing rates and market liquidity.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  The results of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2015, are as follows:  
  Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis:   
   
   Impaired loan balances represent those collateral dependent loans where management has estimated the credit loss by comparing
the loan s carrying value against the expected realizable fair value of the collateral. Fair value is generally determined through a review process that includes independent appraisals, discounted cash flows, or other external assessments of
the underlying collateral, which generally include various Level 3 inputs which are not identifiable. The Company discounts the fair values, as appropriate, based on management s observations of the local real estate market for loans in this
category.    Appraisals, discounted cash flows and real estate tax assessments are reviewed quarterly. There is no specific policy regarding how frequently
appraisals will be updated. Adjustments are made to appraisals and real estate tax assessments based on management s estimate of changes in real estate values. Within the past twelve months there have been no updated appraisals, however, all
impaired loans have been reviewed during the past quarter using either a discounted cash flow analysis, appraisal of collateral or other type of real estate tax assessment. The types of adjustments that are made to specific provisions (credits)
relate to impaired loans recognized for 2015 for the estimated credit loss amounted to ($165,000).    There were no transfers between level 1, 2 and 3 for
the year ended December 31, 2015. There were no liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis during the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 The following table presents additional information about assets measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis for which the Company has
utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value (dollars in thousands). Management continues to monitor the assumptions used to value the assets listed below.      

Asset   
    
      Fair Value      

Valuation Technique   
    
    Unobservable Input   

Unobservable Input     Value or Range    

Securities AFS (4)  
    
 $ 
 156,997 

Discounted cash flow 
    
 Discount rate 
    
 0%-1% (3)  
 
   Impaired Loans  
    
 $ 
 1,056 

Appraisal of collateral (1)         
    
 Appraisal adjustments (2)         
    
  0%-30% discount   
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Fair value is generally determined through independent appraisals of the underlying collateral, which generally include various Level 3 inputs which are not identifiable.    

(2) 
 Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated expenses.    

(3) 
 Weighted averages    

(4) 
 Municipal securities generally have maturities of one year or less and, therefore, the amortized cost equates to the fair value. There was one auction rate security whose fair value is based on the evaluation of the
underlying issuer, prevailing interest rates and market liquidity.        Note 9. Fair Values of Financial Instruments    
 The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating fair values of its financial instruments. Excluded from this disclosure are all
nonfinancial instruments. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented do not represent the underlying value of the Company.    The assumptions
used below are expected to approximate those that market participants would use in valuing these financial instruments.    Fair value estimates are made at
a specific point in time, based on available market information and judgments about the financial instrument, including estimates of timing, amount of expected future cash flows and the credit standing of the issuer. Such estimates do not consider
the tax impact of the realization of unrealized gains or losses. In some cases, the fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets. In addition, the disclosed fair value may not be realized in the immediate
settlement of the financial instrument. Care should be exercised in deriving conclusions about our business, its value or financial position based on the fair value information of financial instruments presented below.  
 Securities held-to-maturity: The fair values of these securities were based on quoted market prices, where available, as provided by third-party investment
portfolio pricing vendors. If quoted market prices were not available, fair values provided by the vendors were based on quoted market prices of comparable instruments in active markets and/or based on a matrix pricing methodology which employs The
Bond Market Association s standard calculations for cash flow and price/yield analysis, live benchmark bond pricing and terms/condition data available from major pricing sources. Management regards the inputs and methods used by third party
pricing vendors to be  Level 2 inputs and methods  as defined in the  fair value hierarchy  provided by FASB.    Loans
Held-for-Sale: Fair value is measured using quoted market prices when available. These assets are typically categorized as Level 1. If quoted market prices are not available, comparable market values may be utilized. These assets are typically
categorized as Level 2.    Loans: For variable-rate loans, that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on
carrying amounts. The fair value of other loans is estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. Incremental credit risk for
nonperforming loans has been considered.    Time deposits: The fair value of time deposits was estimated using a discounted cash flow approach that applies
prevailing market interest rates for similar maturity instruments. The fair values of the Company s time deposit liabilities do not take into consideration the value of the Company s long-term relationships with depositors, which may have
significant value.    Other borrowed funds: The fair value of other borrowed funds is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount
rate used is estimated based on the rates currently offered for other borrowed funds of similar remaining maturities.    Subordinated debentures: The fair
value of subordinated debentures is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate used is estimated based on the rates currently offered for other subordinated debentures of similar remaining maturities.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  The following presents (in thousands) the carrying amount, estimated fair value, and placement in the fair value
hierarchy of the Company s financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. This table excludes financial instruments for which the carrying amount approximates fair value. Financial assets for which the fair
value approximates carrying value include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, FHLBB stock and accrued interest receivable. Financial liabilities for which the fair value approximates carrying value include non-maturity deposits,
short-term borrowings and accrued interest payable.      

(1) 
 Comprised of loans (including collateral dependent impaired loans), net of deferred loan costs and the allowance for loan losses.    
   Note 10. Recent Accounting Developments      In May
2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). This ASU is intended to create a single source of revenue
guidance which is more principles based than current revenue guidance. The guidance affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services, or enters into contracts for the transfer of non-financial assets,
unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date  to amend the effective date of ASU 2014-09.
The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective for annual and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Earlier adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The FASB has since issued additional related ASUs amendments intended to clarify certain aspects and improve understanding of the implementation guidance of Topic 606 but do not
change the core principles of the guidance in Topic 606. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition requirements of Topic 606. The Company is currently evaluating the potential
impact of the ASU and its amendments on the Company s financial statements and results of operations.    In January 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-1,
 Financial Instruments-Overall  (Subtopic 825-10)  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . This ASU significantly revises an entity s accounting related to (1) the classification and
measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. It also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial
instruments. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods therein. The Company is currently assessing the applicability of this ASU and has not determined the impact, if any, as of
September 30, 2016.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases. This ASU requires lessees to put most leases on
their balance sheet but recognize expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to today s accounting. This ASU also eliminates today s real estate-specific provisions for all companies. For lessors, this ASU modifies the
classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods therein. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is
currently assessing the applicability of this ASU and has not determined the impact, if any, as of September 30, 2016.    In March 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-07, Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323)  Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting . This ASU requires that an entity that has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes
qualified for the equity method of accounting recognize through earnings the unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method. This ASU is effective
for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The effect of this update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718):  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting.  This ASU was issued as part of the FASB Simplification Initiative which intends to reduce the complexity of GAAP while improving usefulness to users. There are eight main items in this ASU that contribute to the simplification
of share-based accounting. For public entities, this ASU is effective for the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. Management is currently assessing
the applicability of ASU 2016-09 and has not determined the impact, if any, as of September 30, 2016.    In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326):  Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  This ASU was issued to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit
losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. To achieve this objective, the amendments in this ASU replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a
methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing this ASU and has not determined the impact, if any, as of September 30, 2016. 
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 326)  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. 
Stakeholders indicated that there is diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230, Statement of Cash Flows, and other Topics. This ASU addresses
eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods
within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the applicability of this ASU and has not determined the impact, if any, as of September 30, 2016.      

Item 2.   
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      
   Executive Overview      Century Bancorp, Inc.
(together with its bank subsidiary, unless the context otherwise requires, the  Company ) is a Massachusetts state-chartered bank holding company headquartered in Medford, Massachusetts. The Company is a Massachusetts corporation formed in
1972 and has one banking subsidiary (the  Bank ): Century Bank and Trust Company formed in 1969. At September 30, 2016, the Company had total assets of $4.3 billion. Currently, the Company operates 27 banking offices in 20 cities and
towns in Massachusetts, ranging from Braintree in the south to Andover in the north. The Bank s customers consist primarily of small and medium-sized businesses and retail customers in these communities and surrounding areas, as well as local
governments and institutions throughout Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, Connecticut and New York.    The Company s results of operations are
largely dependent on net interest income, which is the difference between the interest earned on loans and securities and interest paid on deposits and borrowings. The results of operations are also affected by the level of income and fees from
loans, deposits, as well as operating expenses, the provision for loan losses, the impact of federal and state income taxes and the relative levels of interest rates and economic activity.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

  The Company offers a wide range of services to commercial enterprises, state and local governments and agencies,
non-profit organizations and individuals. It emphasizes service to small and medium sized businesses and retail customers in its market area. In recent quarters, the Company has increased business to larger institutions, specifically, healthcare and
higher education. The Company makes commercial loans, real estate and construction loans and consumer loans, and accepts savings, time, and demand deposits. In addition, the Company offers its corporate and institutional customers automated lock box
collection services, cash management services and account reconciliation services, and actively promotes the marketing of these services to the municipal market. Also, the Company provides full service securities brokerage services through a program
called Investment Services at Century Bank, which is supported by LPL Financial, a third party full-service securities brokerage business.    The Company
has municipal cash management client engagements in Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Rhode Island comprising of approximately 250 government entities.  
 Net income for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was $6,486,000, or $1.16 per Class A share diluted, compared to net income of $6,166,000, or
$1.11 per Class A share diluted, for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $18,034,000, or $3.24 per Class A share diluted, compared to net income of $17,050,000, or
$3.06 per Class A share diluted, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    Earnings per share (EPS) for each class of stock and time period
is as follows:      
   Net interest income totaled $55,320,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $52,737,000 for the same
period in 2015. The 4.9% increase in net interest income for the period is primarily due to an increase in average earning assets. The net interest margin decreased from 2.20% on a fully taxable equivalent basis for the first nine months of 2015 to
2.15% for the same period in 2016. This was primarily the result of a decrease in rates on earning assets. The average balances of earning assets increased by 9.1% combined with a similar increase in average deposits. Also, interest expense
increased 12.3% as a result of an increase in deposit balances.    The trends in the net interest margin are illustrated in the graph below:  

31  

Table of Contents  

  The net interest margin declined slightly throughout 2014 and the first quarter of 2015. During the second and
third quarter of 2015 the net interest margin increased primarily as a result of an increase in higher yielding assets as well as prepayment penalties collected. The increase in higher yielding assets was primarily the result of increased purchases
of securities held-to-maturity. The margin decreased during the fourth quarter of 2015 primarily as a result of lower yielding loan originations. The margin increased during the first quarter of 2016 primarily as a result of an increase in rates on
earning assets. The margin decreased during the second and third quarters of 2016 primarily as a result of a decrease in rates on earning assets.    While
management will continue its efforts to improve the net interest margin, there can be no assurance that certain factors beyond its control, such as the prepayment of loans and changes in market interest rates, will continue to positively impact the
net interest margin.    The provision for loan losses increased by $975,000 from $200,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $1,175,000
for the same period in 2016, primarily as a result of an increase in loan balances. Refer to the allowance for loan loss section of the management discussion and analysis for additional discussion. Non-performing assets totaled $958,000 at
September 30, 2016, compared to $2,336,000 at December 31, 2015.    For the first nine months of 2016, the Company s effective income tax
rate was 0.2% compared to 3.6% for last year s corresponding period. The effective income tax rate decreased primarily as a result of an increase in tax-exempt income.  
 During March 2014, the Company entered into a lease agreement to open a branch located on Boylston Street in Boston, Massachusetts. This property is leased
from an entity affiliated with Marshall M. Sloane, Chairman of the Board of the Company. This agreement was approved by the Board of Directors in the absence of the Chairman of the Board. The branch opened on April 22, 2015. The deposits from
the Kenmore Square, Boston, Massachusetts branch, which closed on September 30, 2014, were moved to the new Boylston Street branch.    During June
2016, the Company entered into a lease agreement to open a new branch located in Wellesley, Massachusetts. The Company will close its existing Wellesley branch and transfer the accounts to the new branch. The new branch is expected to open during
the fourth quarter of 2016.      Recent Market Developments    
 The financial services industry continues to face challenges in the aftermath of the recent national and global economic crisis. Since June 2009, the U.S.
economy has been recovering from the most severe recession and financial crisis since the Great Depression. There have been some improvements in private sector employment, industrial production and U.S. exports; nevertheless, the pace of economic
recovery has been slow. Financial markets have improved since the depths of the crisis but are still unsettled and volatile. There is continued concern about the U.S. economic outlook.  
 On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Act ) became law. The Act was intended to address many
issues arising in the recent financial crisis and is exceedingly broad in scope, affecting many aspects of bank and financial market regulation. The Act requires, or permits by implementing regulation, enhanced prudential standards for banks and
bank holding companies inclusive of capital, leverage, liquidity, concentration and exposure measures. In addition, traditional bank regulatory principles, such as restrictions on transactions with affiliates and insiders were enhanced. The Act also
contains reforms of consumer mortgage lending practices and creates a Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, which is granted broad authority over consumer financial practices of banks and others. It is expected as the specific new or incremental
requirements applicable to the Company become effective that the costs and difficulties of remaining compliant with all such requirements will increase. The Act broadened the base for FDIC assessments to average consolidated assets less tangible
equity of financial institutions and also permanently raises the current standard maximum FDIC deposit insurance amount to $250,000. The Act extended unlimited deposit insurance on non-interest bearing transaction accounts through December 31,
2012. In addition, the Act added a new Section 13 to the Bank Holding Company Act, the so-called  Volcker Rule,  (the  Rule ) which generally restricts certain banking entities such as the Company and its subsidiaries or
affiliates, from engaging in proprietary trading activities and owning equity in or sponsoring any private equity or hedge fund. The Rule became effective July 21, 2012. The final implementing regulations for the Rule were issued by various
regulatory agencies in December, 2013 and under an extended conformance regulation compliance must be achieved by July 21, 2015. The conformance period for investments in and relationships with certain  legacy covered funds  has been
extended to July 31, 2017. Under the Rule, the Company may be restricted from engaging in proprietary trading, investing in third party hedge or private equity funds or sponsoring new funds unless it qualifies for an exemption from the rule.
The Company has little involvement in prohibited proprietary trading or investment activities in covered funds and the Company does not expect that complying with the requirements of the Rule will have any material effect on the Company s
financial condition or results of operation.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

  Federal banking regulators have issued risk-based capital guidelines, which assign risk factors to asset
categories and off-balance-sheet items. Also, the Basel Committee has issued capital standards entitled  Basel III: A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems  ( Basel III ). The Federal Reserve
Board has finalized its rule implementing the Basel III regulatory capital framework. The rule that came into effect in January 2015 sets the Basel III minimum regulatory capital requirements for all organizations. It includes a new common equity
Tier I ratio of 4.5 percent of risk-weighted assets, raises the minimum Tier I capital ratio from 4 percent to 6 percent of risk-weighted assets and would set a new conservation buffer of 2.5 percent of risk-weighted assets. The implementation of
the framework did not have a material impact on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.      Financial Condition    
  Loans     On September 30, 2016, total loans
outstanding were $1,841,093,000, up by $109,557,000 from the total on December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, commercial real estate loans accounted for 37.6% and residential real estate loans, including home equity loans, accounted for
23.0% of total loans.    Commercial real estate loans decreased to $692,778,000 at September 30, 2016 from $721,506,000, primarily as a result of loan
payoffs. Residential real estate loans decreased to $222,881,000 at September 30, 2016 from $255,346,000 at December 31, 2015, primarily as a result of loan sales. Home equity loans increased to $200,085,000 at September 30, 2016 from
$178,020,000 at December 31, 2015, primarily as a result of a home equity loan promotion.    Commercial and industrial loans increased to $549,290,000
at September 30, 2016 from $452,235,000 at December 31, 2015, primarily as a result of an increase in larger loan originations to large institutions. Construction loans decreased to $19,522,000 at September 30, 2016 from $27,421,000
on December 31, 2015, primarily from payoffs of existing loans. Municipal loans increased to $145,063,000 from $85,685,000, primarily as a result of originations to large municipal organizations. In recent quarters, the Company has increased
business to larger institutions, specifically, healthcare, higher education, and municipal organizations. Further discussion relating to changes in portfolio composition is discussed in the allowance for loan loss section of the management
discussion and analysis.     Allowance for Loan Losses   
 The allowance for loan loss at September 30, 2016 was $24,208,000 as compared to $23,075,000 at December 31, 2015. The level of the allowance for
loan losses to total loans was 1.31% at September 30, 2016 and 1.33% at December 31, 2015.    During 2015, the Company enhanced its approach to
the development of the historical loss factors and qualitative factors used on certain loan portfolios. The methodology enhancement was in response to the changes in the risk characteristics of the Company s new loan originations, as the
Company has continued to increase its exposure to larger loan originations to large institutions with strong credit quality. The Company has limited internal loss history experience with these types of loans, and has determined a more appropriate
representation of loss expectation is to utilize external historical loss factors based on public credit ratings, as there is a great deal of default and loss data available on these types of loans from the credit rating agencies. As of
June 30, 2015, the Company incorporated this information into the development of the historical loss rates for these loan types. During the first nine months of 2016, the Company s loan portfolio risk profile has remained relatively
consistent with year-end. There have been no changes to the allowance methodology which has resulted in a relatively stable ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans.  
 In addition, the Company monitors the outlook for the industries in which these institutions operate. Healthcare and higher education are the primary
industries. The Company also monitors the volatility of the losses within the historical data.    By combining the credit rating, the industry outlook and
the loss volatility, the Company arrives at the quantitative loss factor for each credit grade.    For a large loan to large institutions with publically
available credit ratings the Company tracks these ratings. These ratings are tracked as a credit quality indicator for these loans. Credit ratings issued by national organizations were utilized as credit quality indicators as presented in
the following table at September 30, 2016.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

Credit ratings issued by national organizations are presented in the following table at December 31, 2015.  
   
   The allowance for loan losses is an estimate of the amount needed for an adequate reserve to absorb losses in the existing
loan portfolio. This amount is determined by an evaluation of the loan portfolio, including input from an independent organization engaged to review selected larger loans, a review of loan experience and current economic conditions. Although the
allowance is allocated between categories, the entire allowance is available to absorb losses attributable to all loan categories.    The following table
summarizes the changes in the Company s allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated.      
   The Company may experience increased levels of nonaccrual loans if borrowers are negatively impacted by future negative
economic conditions. Management continually monitors trends in the loan portfolio to determine the appropriate level of allowance for loan losses. At the current time, management believes that the allowance for loan losses is adequate.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

   Nonperforming Assets   
 The following table sets forth information regarding nonperforming assets held by the Bank at the dates indicated:  
   
   There was one commercial real estate troubled debt restructuring during the nine month period ending September 30, 2016.
The pre-modification and post-modification outstanding recorded investment was $2,091,000. The loan was modified for 2016, by reducing the interest rate as well as extending the term on the loan. The financial impact for the modification was $10,000
reduction in principal payments and $2,000 reduction in interest payments.    There was no troubled debt restructuring during the nine month period ended
September 30, 2015.     Cash and Cash Equivalents   
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased from $220,724,000 to $218,875,000 during the first nine months of 2016. These balances have remained relatively stable.
    Short-term Investments     Short-term investments
remained stable during the nine-month period.     Investments   
 Management continually evaluates its investment alternatives in order to properly manage the overall balance sheet mix. The timing of purchases, sales and
reinvestments, if any, will be based on various factors including expectation of movements in market interest rates, deposit flows and loan demand. Notwithstanding these events, it is the intent of management to grow the earning asset base mainly
through loan originations while funding this growth through a mix of retail deposits, FHLB advances, and retail repurchase agreements.     Securities
Available-for-Sale (at Fair Value)     The securities available-for-sale portfolio totaled $526,132,000 at September 30, 2016, an increase of 30.0%
from December 31, 2015. The portfolio increased mainly as a result of purchases of securities available-for-sale totaling $328,565,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The purchases were offset by sales and maturities of
$208,401,000. The portfolio is concentrated in United States Government Sponsored Enterprises, Mortgage-backed Securities and Obligations issued by States and Political Subdivisions and had an estimated weighted average remaining life of 3.6 years.
   At September 30, 2016, 65.8% of the Company s securities available-for-sale are classified as Level 2. The fair values of these securities are
generally obtained from a pricing service, which provides the Company with a description of the inputs generally utilized for each type of security. These inputs include benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads,
two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers and reference data. Market indicators and industry and economic events are also monitored.  
 Securities available-for-sale totaling $179,911,000, or 34.2% of securities available-for-sale are classified as Level 3. These securities are generally
municipal securities with no readily determinable fair value. The securities are carried at cost which approximates fair value. A periodic review of underlying financial statements and credit ratings is performed to assess the appropriateness of
these valuations.    During the first nine months of 2016, net unrealized losses on the securities available-for-sale increased to $630,000 from a net
unrealized loss of $354,000 at December 31, 2015. The following table sets forth the fair value of securities available-for-sale at the dates indicated.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

During the first nine months of 2016, the Company capitalized on favorable market conditions and realized $52,000 of net gain
on the sale of an investment. The sale represented three US Government Agency and Sponsored Mortgage-Backed securities totaling $2,376,000.     Securities
Held-to-Maturity (at Amortized Cost)     The securities held-to-maturity portfolio totaled $1,565,191,000 on September 30, 2016, an increase of 8.8%
from December 31, 2015. Purchases of securities held-to-maturity totaled $441,756,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The purchases were offset by sales and maturities of $319,007,000. The portfolio is concentrated in United
States Government Sponsored Enterprises and Mortgage-backed Securities and had an estimated weighted average remaining life of 3.8 years. The following table sets forth the fair value of securities held-to-maturity at the dates indicated.  
   
   At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all mortgage-backed securities are obligations of U.S. Government
Sponsored Enterprises. The company realized a gain from the sale of a security of $12,000 from proceeds of held-to-maturity securities of $192,000 for the nine months ending September 30, 2016. The sale from securities held-to-maturity relate
to a mortgage-backed security for which the Company had previously collected a substantial portion (greater than 90%) of its principal investment.    Debt
securities of Government Sponsored Enterprises primarily refer to debt securities of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.     Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston
Stock     The Bank, as a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston ( FHLBB ), is required to maintain an investment in capital stock of the
FHLBB. Based on redemption provisions, the stock has no quoted market value and is carried at cost. At its discretion, the FHLBB may declare dividends on the stock. The Company reviews for impairment based on the ultimate recoverability of the cost
basis in the stock. During the first nine months of 2016, the FHLBB redeemed $10,276,000 and the Company purchased $2,617,000 of FHLBB stock. As of September 30, 2016, no impairment has been recognized.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

   Deposits and Borrowed Funds   
 On September 30, 2016, deposits totaled $3,461,113,000, representing a 12.6% increase from December 31, 2015. Total deposits increased primarily as a
result of increases in demand deposits, savings and NOW deposits, and money market accounts. Savings and NOW deposits increased, mainly as a result of municipal deposits, as the Company continued to offer competitive rates for these types of
deposits during the first nine months of the year. Demand deposits and money market accounts increased primarily as a result of increases in corporate accounts. This was offset, somewhat by a decrease in time deposits.  
 Borrowed funds totaled $507,320,000 at September 30, 2016 compared to $565,850,000 at December 31, 2015. Borrowed funds decreased mainly as a result
of a decrease in short-term FHLBB borrowings, this was offset, somewhat, by an increase in securities sold under agreements to repurchase. FHLBB borrowing decreased as a result of matured borrowings. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase
increased, primarily as a result of increases in corporate accounts.     Stockholders  Equity   
 At September 30, 2016, total equity was $233,781,000 compared to $214,544,000 million at December 31, 2015. The Company s equity increased
primarily as a result of earnings and a decrease in other comprehensive loss, net of taxes, offset somewhat by dividends paid. Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes, decreased primarily as a result of a decrease in unrealized losses on securities
transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity and amortization of the pension liability. This was offset, somewhat, by an increase in unrealized losses on securities available-for-sale. The Company s leverage ratio stood at 6.46% at
September 30, 2016, compared to 6.79% at December 31, 2015. The decrease in the leverage ratio was due to an increase in quarterly average assets, offset somewhat by an increase in stockholders  equity. Book value as of
September 30, 2016 was $41.99 per share compared to $38.53 at December 31, 2015.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

    Results of Operations    
 The following table sets forth the distribution of the Company s average assets, liabilities and stockholders  equity, and average rates earned or
paid on a fully taxable equivalent basis for each of the three-month periods indicated.      

(1) 
 On a fully taxable equivalent basis calculated using a federal tax rate of 34%.    

(2) 
 Nonaccrual loans are included in average amounts outstanding.    

(3) 
 Interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average cost of interest-bearing liabilities.    

(4) 
 Net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets.    

(5) 
 Average balances of securities available-for-sale calculated utilizing amortized cost.    
      38  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth the distribution of the Company s average assets, liabilities and
stockholders  equity, and average rates earned or paid on a fully taxable equivalent basis for each of the nine-month periods indicated.      

(1) 
 On a fully taxable equivalent basis calculated using a federal tax rate of 34%.    

(2) 
 Nonaccrual loans are included in average amounts outstanding.    

(3) 
 Interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average cost of interest-bearing liabilities.    

(4) 
 Net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets.    

(5) 
 Average balances of securities available-for-sale calculated utilizing amortized cost.    
      39  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents certain information on a fully-tax equivalent basis regarding changes in the
Company s interest income and interest expense for the periods indicated. For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided with respect to changes attributable to changes in rate and changes
in volume.      
    Net Interest Income     For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis totaled $22,552,000 compared to $21,571,000 for the same period in 2015, an increase of $981,000 or 4.5%. This increase in net interest income
for the period is primarily due to an increase in average interest earning assets; this was partially offset by a sixteen basis point decrease in the net interest margin. The average balance of earning assets increased by 12.8% combined with a
similar increase in average deposits. The net interest margin decreased from 2.28% on a fully taxable equivalent basis in 2015 to 2.12% on the same basis for 2016. This was primarily the result of a decrease in rates on earning assets. Also,
interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis increased 6.1%, mainly as a result of an increase in interest earning assets and interest expense increased 12.8% mainly as a result of an increase in deposit balances.  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis totaled $65,045,000 compared to $60,980,000 for the
same period in 2015, an increase of $4,065,000 or 6.7%. This increase in net interest income for the period is primarily due to an increase in average interest earning assets. The average balance of earning assets increased by 9.1% combined with a
similar increase in average deposits. The net interest margin decreased from 2.20% on a fully taxable equivalent basis in 2015 to 2.15% on the same basis for 2016. This was primarily the result of a decrease in rates on earning assets. Also,
interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis increased 7.8%, mainly as a result of an increase in interest earning assets and interest expense increased 12.3% primarily as a result of an increase in deposit balances.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

   Provision for Loan Losses   
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the loan loss provision was $375,000 compared to a provision of $0 for the same period last year. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the loan loss provision was $1,175,000 compared to a provision of $200,000 for the same period last year. The increase in the provision was primarily as a result of an increase in loan balances. During the
second quarter of 2015, the Company enhanced its approach to the development of the historical loss factors on certain loans within the portfolio. This was done in response to the changing risk profile of the Company s new loan originations and
related methodology enhancements to address these changes. During the first nine months of 2016, the Company s loan portfolio risk profile has remained consistent with year-end. Further discussion relating to changes in portfolio composition is
discussed in the allowance for loan loss section of the management discussion and analysis.     Non-Interest Income and Expense   
 Other operating income for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 increased by $395,000 from the same period last year to $4,225,000. This was mainly
attributable to an increase in gains on sales of mortgage loans of $308,000, other income of $101,000, and service charges on deposit accounts of $42,000. This was partially offset by a decrease in net gains on sales of securities of $33,000 and
lockbox fees of $23,000. Other income increased primarily as a result of an increase in wealth management fees, merchant and charge card fees, and other customer fees. Also, service charges on deposit accounts increased primarily as a result of an
increase in fees collected on deposit accounts.    Other operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $977,000 from the
same period last year to $12,522,000. This was mainly attributable to an increase in other income of $427,000, gains on sales of mortgage loans of $589,000, and an increase in service charges on deposit accounts of $94,000. This was partially offset
by a decrease in net gains on sales of securities of $106,000 and lockbox fees of $27,000. Other income increased primarily as a result of an increase in insurance gains of $184,000, wealth management fees of $126,000, and merchant and credit card
sales royalties of $113,000. Also, service charges on deposit accounts increased primarily as a result of an increase in fees collected on deposit accounts.  
 For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, operating expenses increased by $530,000 or 3.3% to $16,630,000, from the same period last year. The increase
in operating expenses for the quarter was mainly attributable to an increase of $457,000 in salaries and employee benefits, $199,000 in other expenses, $10,000 in occupancy expenses, and $75,000 in equipment expenses. This was partially offset by a
decrease in FDIC assessments of $211,000. Salaries and employee benefits increased mainly as a result of merit increases and bonus accruals. Occupancy cost increased primarily as a result of increased utility charges and rent increases. Equipment
expenses increased primarily as a result of an increase in depreciation expense. Other expenses increased primarily as a result of an increase in marketing expenses. FDIC assessments decreased primarily as a result of a decrease in the assessment
rate.    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, operating expenses increased by $2,197,000 or 4.7% to $48,601,000 from the same period last
year. The increase in operating expenses for the nine months was mainly attributable to an increase of $1,659,000 in salaries and employee benefits, $481,000 in other expenses, $138,000 in equipment expenses, and $18,000 in occupancy expenses. This
was offset, somewhat, by a decrease of $99,000 in FDIC assessments. Salaries and employee benefits increased mainly as a result of merit increases and bonus accruals. Other expenses increased primarily as a result of an increase in telephone costs,
postage and delivery expenses, audit and exam fees, and increased software maintenance fees. Occupancy cost increased primarily as a result of modest increases rent expense. Equipment expenses increased primarily as a result of an increase in
depreciation expense. FDIC assessments decreased primarily as a result of a decrease in the assessment rate.     Income Taxes   
 For the third quarter of 2016, the Company s income tax expense (benefit) totaled $(52,000) on pretax income of $6,434,000 resulting in an effective tax
rate of (0.8)%. For last year s corresponding quarter, the Company s income tax expense totaled $180,000 on pretax income of $6,346,000 resulting in an effective tax rate of 2.8%. The decrease in the effective income tax rate was primarily
the result of an increase in tax-exempt income.    For the first nine months of 2016, the Company s income tax expense totaled $32,000 on pretax income
of $18,066,000 resulting in an effective tax rate of 0.2%. For last year s corresponding period, the Company s income tax expense totaled $628,000 on pretax income of $17,678,000 resulting in an effective tax rate of 3.6%. The decrease in
the effective income tax rate was primarily the result of an increase in tax-exempt income.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

Item 3.   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk        Market risk is the risk of loss from
adverse changes in market prices and rates. The Company s market risk arises primarily from interest rate risk inherent in its lending and deposit taking activities. To that end, management actively monitors and manages its interest rate risk
exposure. The Company s profitability is affected by fluctuations in interest rates. A sudden and substantial increase or decrease in interest rates may adversely impact the Company s earnings to the extent that the interest rates tied to
specific assets and liabilities do not change at the same speed, to the same extent, or on the same basis. The Company monitors the impact of changes in interest rates on its net interest income using several tools. The Company s primary
objective in managing interest rate risk is to minimize the adverse impact of changes in interest rates on the Company s net interest income and capital, while structuring the Company s asset-liability structure to obtain the maximum
yield-cost spread on that structure. Management believes that there has been no material changes in the interest rate risk reported in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. The information is contained in the Form 10-K within the Market Risk and Asset Liability Management section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition.  

Item 4.   
   Controls and Procedures        The Company s management, with participation of the Company s
principal executive and financial officers, has evaluated its disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. Based on this evaluation, the Company s management, with participation of its
principal executive and financial officers, has concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. The disclosure controls and procedures also effectively ensure that information required to be disclosed in the
Company s filings and submissions with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act is accumulated and reported to Company management (including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer) as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, the Company has evaluated its internal
control over financial reporting and during the third quarter of 2016 there were no changes that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

      Part II   Other Information    

Item 1   
   
 Legal proceedings   At the present time, the Company is not engaged in any legal proceedings which, if adversely determined to the Company, would have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial
condition or results of operations. From time to time, the Company is party to routine legal proceedings within the normal course of business. Such routine legal proceedings, in the aggregate, are believed by management to be immaterial to the
Company s financial condition and results of operation.  

Item 1A   
   
 Risk Factors   Please read  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. There have been no material changes since this 10-K was filed.
These risks are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that the Company currently deems to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect the Company s business,
financial condition and operating results.  

Item 2   
   
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

(a)   (b) Not applicable.  

(c) None  

Item 3   
   
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities   None  

Item 4   
   
 Mine Safety Disclosures   Not applicable  

Item 5   
   
 Other Information   None  

Item 6   
   
 Exhibits  

31.1 
    
 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14.  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14.  

+32.1 
    
 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

+32.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

++101. 
    
 INS XBRL Instance Document  

++101. 
    
 SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  

++101. 
    
 CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  

++101. 
    
 LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  

++101. 
    
 PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  

++101. 
    
 DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase  

+ 
 This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be
incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.    
 
      43  

Table of Contents  

    SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

Date:  
    
    November 7, 2016   
      
    Century Bancorp, Inc.    

/s/ Barry R. Sloane  

Barry R. Sloane  
  President and Chief Executive Officer   

/s/ William P. Hornby  

William P. Hornby, CPA  
  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  
  (Principal Accounting Officer)   

44  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d266109dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF THE COMPANY   
  PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14   
 I, Barry R. Sloane, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Century Bancorp, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this quarterly report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant, and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and;        

d. 
 Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
registrant s board of directors;        

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involve management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Barry R. Sloane   

Barry R. Sloane  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d266109dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE COMPANY   
  PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14   
 I, William P. Hornby, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Century Bancorp, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this quarterly report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant, and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and;        

d. 
 Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
registrant s board of directors;        

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involve management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ William P. Hornby   

William P. Hornby, CPA  

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d266109dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18
U.S.C. Section 1350,    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Century Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, certifies, to the best knowledge and belief of the signatory, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Barry R. Sloane  
 
 Barry R. Sloane  
 
   President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 7, 2016   
 
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or other
document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.      The foregoing
certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall
not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the
Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d266109dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18
U.S.C. Section 1350,    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Century Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, certifies, to the best knowledge and belief of the signatory, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ William P. Hornby  
 
   William P. Hornby, CPA   
 
   Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

Date: November 7, 2016   
 
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or other
document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.      The foregoing
certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be
deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act
of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cnbka-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cnbka-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cnbka-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cnbka-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cnbka-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cnbka-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

