<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_830748_0000830748-16-000033_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7447419</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>766369</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>403415</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2491134</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2554427</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1059509</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000830748-16-000033.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109150628
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000830748-16-000033
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PACIFIC OFFICE PROPERTIES TRUST, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000830748
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				860602478
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09900
		FILM NUMBER:		161983866

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		841 BISHOP STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96813
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(808) 521-7444

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		841 BISHOP STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96813

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARIZONA LAND INCOME CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000830748-16-000033.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 pcfo-2016930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 

For the transition period from ____________ to _____________ 
    
  Commission file number:                                                      1-9900 
    
  PACIFIC OFFICE PROPERTIES TRUST, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                 Maryland 
    86-0602478 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

841 Bishop Street, Suite 1700 
  Honolulu, Hawaii 96813 
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
    
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code):     (808) 521-7444 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer     
    Accelerated filer     
    Non-accelerated filer       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller Reporting Company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No     
    
  APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: 
    
  As of   November 8, 2016   there were issued and outstanding 3,941,142 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share; 100 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share; and 2,410,839 shares of Senior Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share. 

PACIFIC OFFICE PROPERTIES TRUST, INC. 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
  FORM 10-Q 

Page No. 
       PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    1 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    28 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    41 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    41 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    42 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    42 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    42 
       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    42 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
    42 
       Item 5. Other Information  
    42 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    42 
       Signature  
    44 

i 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited). 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

1 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

3 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (unaudited) 

1.      Organization and Ownership and Presentation 
    
  Pacific Office Properties   - 
    
  The terms  Pacific Office Properties,   us,   we,  and  our  as used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q refer to Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the  Company ), and its subsidiaries and joint ventures. Through our controlling interest in Pacific Office Properties, L.P. (the  Operating Partnership ), of which we are the sole general partner, and the subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership, we own and operate primarily institutional-quality office properties in Hawaii. We operate in a manner that permits us to satisfy the requirements for taxation as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ). 
    
  We are externally advised by Shidler Pacific Advisors, LLC ( Shidler Pacific Advisors ), an entity that is owned and controlled by Jay H. Shidler ( Mr. Shidler ), our Chairman of the Board.  Lawrence J. Taff, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, also serves as President of Shidler Pacific Advisors.  Shidler Pacific Advisors is responsible for the day-to-day operation and management of the Company, including management of our wholly-owned properties.  
    
  Through our Operating Partnership, as of September 30, 2016, we owned   three   office properties comprising   1.2 million   rentable square feet, and were partners with third parties in   three   joint ventures holding   two   office properties, comprising   four   buildings and   0.8 million   rentable square feet, and a sports club associated with our City Square property in Phoenix, Arizona.  Our ownership interest percentage in each of these joint ventures is   5.0%  .  As of September 30, 2016, our property portfolio included office buildings in Honolulu and Phoenix. 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related disclosures included herein are presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and include the account balances and transactions of consolidated subsidiaries, which are wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810), Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  , did not have a material impact on our basis of presentation. Our Operating Partnership was determined to be a variable interest entity because certain of its limited partners do not have substantive kick-out or participating rights. Although we are the primary beneficiary of the Operating Partnership due to our controlling operational and financial interests in the Operating Partnership, the presentation of our consolidated financial statements and disclosures were not impacted because the Operating Partnership was already consolidated in the Company s financial statements. 
    
  Certain amounts in the consolidated balance sheets for the prior period have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation pursuant to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30), Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs   with no corresponding effect on the previously reported consolidated results of operations, or financial position of the Company.  See    Mortgage and Other Loans    in Note 2 for more discussion on the adoption of this pronouncement. 
    
  We have also prepared the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements in conformity with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X and, consequently, they do not include all of the annual disclosures required by GAAP. Reference is made to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for additional disclosures, including a summary of our significant accounting policies. There have been no changes to our significant accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. In our opinion, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments, consisting of normal and recurring items, except as otherwise noted, necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods presented. The results of operations and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of future results. 

5 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

2  .      Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Use of Estimates in Financial Statements 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
    
  Liquidity 
    
  Our business is capital intensive and our ability to maintain our operations depends on our cash flow from operations and our ability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms.  Our primary focus is to preserve and generate cash.   
    
  We expect to meet our short-term liquidity and capital requirements primarily through existing cash on hand, net cash provided by rental activities, distributions from joint ventures and/or asset dispositions.  We expect to meet our long-term capital requirements through net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under our revolving credit facility (if available), refinancing of existing debt or through other available investment and financing activities, including the contribution of existing wholly-owned assets to joint ventures (partial sell-down of equity interests in wholly-owned assets), asset dispositions and/or additional secured or unsecured debt financings.  In January 2015, we completed the sale of our Clifford Center property, located in Honolulu, Hawaii, to an unaffiliated third party. The net proceeds from the sale of the Clifford Center property, after repaying the related mortgage loans and transaction-related expenses, were approximately   $2.1 million  .  We may also consider strategic alternatives, including a sale, merger, other business combination or recapitalization, of the Company.  
    
  In August 2016, we entered into (1) a new loan agreement, the proceeds of which were used to repay in full the existing mortgage loans that were scheduled to mature on various dates in 2016 and (2) a purchase and sale agreement to sell our Pan Am Building property, located in Honolulu, Hawaii. The completion of the sale transaction is scheduled to occur no later than August 13, 2018, but is not expected to occur prior to the first quarter of 2018. See Note 7 for more discussion on the new loan agreement and Note 11 for more discussion on the contemplated sale of our Pan Am Building.  
    
  In September 2016, we issued a promissory note in the principal amount of   $3.0 million   to Shidler Equities, L.P., a Hawaii limited partnership controlled by Mr. Shidler ( Shidler LP ), in consideration of a loan in that amount made by Shidler LP to the Operating Partnership. See Note 8 for more discussion on the new promissory note. 
    
  We are focused on ensuring our properties are operating as efficiently as possible.  We have taken steps to identify opportunities to reduce discretionary operating costs wherever possible and at the same time maintaining the quality of our buildings and the integrity of our management services.  We have no employees and rely upon our advisor to provide substantially all of our day-to-day management.  We believe that Shidler Pacific Advisors can provide adequate personnel resources, at lower cost to us, for our current and prospective business.  Effective January 1, 2015, Shidler Pacific Advisors agreed to reduce the corporate management fee payable by us from   $0.21 million   per quarter to   $0.18 million   per quarter. 
    
  Capital expenditures fluctuate in any given period, subject to the nature, extent and timing of improvements required to maintain our properties. Leasing costs also fluctuate in any given period, depending upon such factors as the type of property, the term of the lease, the type of lease and overall market conditions. Our costs for capital expenditures and leasing fall into two categories: (1) amounts that we are contractually obligated to spend and (2) discretionary amounts.  As of September 30, 2016, we had cash reserves of   $7.7 million   to fund capital expenditures and leasing costs, of which we were obligated to spend   $2.1 million   through 2017.   
    
  As of September 30, 2016, our total consolidated debt (which includes our mortgage and other loans with a carrying value of   $299.8 million   and our unsecured promissory notes with a carrying value of   $32.4 million  ) was   $332.2 million  , with a weighted average interest rate of   4.85%   and a weighted average remaining term of   2.51   years. 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, we had a fully-drawn   $25.0 million   unsecured credit facility scheduled to mature on December 31, 2016. We also had promissory notes payable to certain current and former affiliates in the aggregate outstanding principal  
  
   6 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

amount of   $32.4 million   (together with accrued and unpaid interest of   $18.1 million  ) scheduled to mature the earlier of (i) December 31, 2016 (or, if later, the maturity date of indebtedness under the Operating Partnership s credit facility with First Hawaiian Bank, but in any event not later than December 31, 2017) and (ii) the date on which the Operating Partnership has fully satisfied, or is released from, any liability under the Indemnification Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2009 (as subsequently amended), between the Operating Partnership and Shidler LP.  
    
  While we may be able to anticipate and plan for certain liquidity needs, there may be unexpected increases in uses of cash that are beyond our control and which would affect our financial condition and results of operations. For example, we may be required to comply with new laws or regulations that cause us to incur unanticipated capital expenditures for our properties, thereby increasing our liquidity needs. Even if there are no material changes to our anticipated liquidity requirements, our sources of liquidity may be fewer than, and the funds available from such sources may be less than, anticipated or needed. While we believe that access to future sources of significant cash will be challenging, we believe that we will have access to some of the liquidity sources identified above, and that those sources will be sufficient to meet our near-term liquidity needs. 
    
  Investments in Real Estate 
    
  We account for acquisitions of real estate utilizing the purchase method and, accordingly, the results of operations of acquired properties are included in our results of operations from the respective dates of acquisition. 
    
  Investments in real estate properties are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation, amortization and impairment. Our wholly-owned properties, all of which were contributed to us at the time of our formation transactions in 2008, are stated at their historical net cost basis in an amount attributable to the ownership interests in such properties owned by Mr. Shidler prior to the formation transactions.  Additions to land, buildings and improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment and construction in progress are recorded at cost. 
    
  Transaction costs related to acquisitions are expensed. Costs associated with developing space for its intended use are capitalized and amortized over their estimated useful lives, commencing at the later of the improvement completion date or the lease commencement date. 
    
  Estimates of future cash flows and other valuation techniques are used to allocate the acquisition cost of acquired properties among land, buildings and improvements, and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities such as amounts related to in-place at-market leases, acquired below-market leases, and acquired above- and below-market ground leases. 
    
  The fair values of real estate assets acquired are determined on an  as-if-vacant  basis. The  as-if-vacant  fair value is allocated to land, and where applicable, buildings, tenant improvements and equipment based on comparable sales and other relevant information obtained in connection with the acquisition of the property. 
    
  Fair value is assigned to below-market leases based on the difference between (a) the contractual amounts to be paid by the tenant based on the existing lease and (b) management s estimate of current market lease rates for the corresponding in-place leases, over the remaining terms of the in-place leases. Capitalized below-market lease amounts are reflected in  Acquired below-market leases, net,  in the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized as an increase in rental revenue over the remaining initial non-cancellable lease terms plus the terms of any below-market fixed rate renewal options that are considered bargain renewal options. If a tenant vacates its space prior to the contractual termination of the lease and no rental payments are being made on the lease, any unamortized balance, net of the security deposit, of the related intangible is written off. 
    
  Fair value is also assigned to tenant relationships.  Capitalized tenant relationship amounts are included in  Intangible assets, net  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and are amortized to  Depreciation and amortization  in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.  Amounts are amortized over the remaining terms of the respective leases even if a tenant vacates prior to the contractual termination of the lease.  An adjustment to tenant relationship amounts occurs should the property experience an impairment loss. 
    
  The aggregate value of other acquired intangible assets consists of acquired in-place leases. The fair value allocated to acquired in-place leases consists of a variety of components including, but not necessarily limited to: (a) the value associated  
  
   7 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

with avoiding the cost of originating the acquired in-place lease (i.e. the market cost to execute a lease, including leasing commissions and legal fees, if any); (b) the value associated with lost revenue related to tenant reimbursable operating costs estimated to be incurred during the assumed lease-up period (i.e. real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses); (c) the value associated with lost rental revenue from existing leases during the assumed lease-up period; and (d) the value associated with any other inducements to secure a tenant lease. The value assigned to acquired in-place leases is amortized over the remaining lives of the related leases. 
    
  We record the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the amounts assigned to assets acquired (including identified intangible assets) and liabilities assumed as goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at a level of reporting referred to as a reporting unit on an annual basis, during the fourth quarter of each calendar year, or more frequently, if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. See  Goodwill  below. An impairment loss for an asset group is allocated to the long-lived assets of the group on a pro-rata basis using the relative carrying amounts of those assets, except that the loss allocated to an individual long-lived asset shall not reduce the carrying amount of that asset below its fair value. A description of our testing policy is set forth in  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  below. 
    
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
    
  In accordance with the provisions of the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets Subsections of Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 360,   Property, Plant and Equipment  , we assess the potential for impairment of our long-lived assets, including real estate properties, whenever events occur or a change in circumstances indicate that the recorded carrying value might not be fully recoverable. Indicators of potential impairment include significant decreases in occupancy levels and/or rental rates or a change in strategy that results in a decreased holding period. We determine whether impairment in value has occurred by comparing the estimated future cash flows, undiscounted and excluding interest, expected from the use and eventual disposition of the asset to its carrying value. If the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, the real estate or intangible carrying value is reduced to fair value and impairment loss is recognized. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value, less costs to sell.   No   impairment charges for our wholly-owned properties were recorded for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.  
    
  Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
    
  Our investments in joint ventures are accounted for under the equity method of accounting because we exercise significant influence over, but do not control, our joint ventures. Our joint venture partners have substantive participating rights, including approval of and participation in setting operating budgets. Accordingly, we have determined that the equity method of accounting is appropriate for our investments in joint ventures. 
    
  Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are initially recorded at cost and are subsequently adjusted for our proportionate equity in the net income or net loss of the joint ventures, contributions made to, or distributions received from, the joint ventures and other adjustments. We record distributions of operating profit from our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures as part of cash flows from operating activities and distributions related to a capital transaction, such as a refinancing transaction or sale, as investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
    
  We evaluate all investments in accordance with the guidance of FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810), Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  , which we adopted on January 1, 2016 and which requires us to re-evaluate our joint venture investments to determine whether or not the joint ventures are variable interest entities ( VIEs ) and if they are VIEs, whether or not we are determined to be the primary beneficiary. We would consolidate a VIE if it is determined that we are the primary beneficiary. We use qualitative analyses to determine whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE. Consideration of various factors could include, but is not limited to, the purpose and design of the VIE, risks that the VIE was designed to create and pass through, the form of our ownership interest, our representation on the entity s governing body, the size and seniority of our investment, our ability to participate in policy making decisions, and the rights of the other investors to participate in the decision making process and to replace the manager and/or liquidate the venture, if applicable. Under the amended standards, our joint ventures were determined to be VIEs based on our inability to control the joint ventures due to our lack of substantive kick-out and participating rights over our joint venture partners; however, we are not the primary beneficiaries of these VIEs because we lack the power to direct the activities of the joint  
  
   8 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

ventures and do not have rights to significant financial benefits from each of our joint ventures. As of September 30, 2016, our maximum exposure to loss with respect to this arrangement is limited to the   $0.9 million   carrying value of our investments in the unconsolidated joint ventures. 
    
  Impairment of Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
    
  Our investment in unconsolidated joint ventures is subject to a periodic impairment review and is considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value is judged to be other-than-temporary. An investment in an unconsolidated joint venture that we identify as having an indicator of impairment is subject to further analysis to determine if the investment is other than temporarily impaired, in which case we write down the investment to its estimated fair value.    No   impairment charges were recorded in our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.   
    
  Discontinued Operations 
    
  The revenue, expenses, impairment and/or gain on sale of operating properties that meet the applicable criteria of FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-08,   Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360), Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity   are reported as discontinued operations in the consolidated statement of operations. A gain on sale, if any, is recognized in the period the property is disposed of. 
    
  In determining whether to report the results of operations, impairment and/or gain on sale of operating properties as discontinued operations, we evaluate whether the property that has been disposed of by sale, disposed of other than by sale or is classified as held for sale represents a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on our operations and financial results.  A strategic shift could include the disposal of a major geographical area, a major line of business, a major equity method investment or other major parts of an entity. 
    
  We classify properties as held for sale when certain criteria set forth in the Long-Lived Assets Classified as Held for Sale Subsections of FASB ASC 360,   Property, Plant and Equipment  , are met, including when we receive cash deposits towards the purchase of our properties. At that time, we present the non-cash assets and liabilities of the property held for sale separately in our consolidated balance sheets. We cease recording depreciation and amortization expense at the time a property is classified as held for sale. Properties held for sale are reported at the lower of their carrying amount or their estimated fair value, less estimated costs to sell. In the event that a property classified as held for sale no longer meets the criteria for held for sale classification, the property is reclassified as held for use at the lower of the fair value or the depreciated basis as if the property had continued to be used. In January 2015, we completed the sale of the Clifford Center property, and accordingly, the associated assets and liabilities had been removed from our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 and the results of its operations before the sale, including post-closing activities since the sale, for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015 are included in  Discontinued operations  in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  In August 2016, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement to sell our Pan Am Building property, located in Honolulu, Hawaii. The completion of the sale transaction is scheduled to occur no later than August 13, 2018, but is not expected to occur prior to the first quarter of 2018. Because the sale of the Pan Am Building is not expected to be completed within the next 12 months, the property does not meet the held for sale criteria of FASB ASC 360 and as a result, is classified as held for use in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016. We will continue to own and operate the property until the completion of the sale. 
    
  Goodwill 
    
  We record the excess cost of an acquired entity over the net of the amounts assigned to assets acquired (including identified intangible assets) and liabilities assumed as goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter of each calendar year, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that a possible impairment has occurred. The assessment of impairment involves a two-step process whereby an initial assessment for potential impairment is performed, followed by a measurement of the amount of impairment, if any. Impairment testing is performed using the fair value approach, which requires the use of estimates and judgment, at the  reporting unit  level. A  
  
   9 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

reporting unit is the operating segment, or a business that is one level below the operating segment if discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by management at that level. The reporting unit s fair value is calculated as the discounted future cash flows based on management s best estimate of the applicable capitalization and discount rates. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step of the goodwill impairment test is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. An impairment charge is recognized as a charge against income equal to the excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its implied value on the date of the impairment. Factors that may cause goodwill to be impaired include, but may not be limited to, a sustained decline in our stock price and the occurrence, or sustained existence, of adverse economic conditions or decreased cash flow from our properties. 
    
  We consider our wholly-owned properties   one   reporting unit due to similar geographic and economic characteristics. As of September 30, 2016, goodwill of our wholly-owned properties amounted to   $37.7 million  . We wrote off approximately   $1.4 million   of goodwill associated with the sale of the Clifford Center property in January 2015. 
    
  Revenue Recognition 
    
  The following four criteria must be met before we recognize revenue and gains: 

persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; 
                
    the delivery has occurred or services rendered; 
                
    the fee is fixed and determinable; and 
                
    collectability is reasonably assured. 
       
  All of our tenant leases are classified as operating leases. For all leases with scheduled rent increases or other adjustments, minimum rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the related leases. Straight-line rent receivable represents rental revenue recognized on a straight-line basis in excess of billed rents and this amount is included in  Deferred rents  on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The straight line rent adjustment included in  Rental revenues  in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations was   $0.14 million   and   $0.10 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and   $0.26 million   and   $(0.01) million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Reimbursements from tenants for real estate taxes, excise taxes and other recoverable operating expenses are recognized as revenues in the period the applicable costs are incurred. 
    
  Capitalized below-market lease amounts are amortized as an increase to rental revenue over the remaining initial non-cancellable lease terms plus the terms of any below-market fixed rate renewal options that are considered bargain renewal options.  
    
  We have leased space to certain tenants under non-cancellable operating leases, which provide for percentage rents based upon tenant revenues. Percentage rental income is recorded in  Rental revenues  in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  Rental revenue from parking operations and month-to-month leases or leases with no scheduled rent increases or other adjustments is recognized on a monthly basis when earned. 
    
  Lease termination fees, which are included in  Other  revenues of the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, are recognized when the related leases are canceled and we have no continuing obligation to provide services to such former tenants. 
    
   Other  revenue on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations generally includes income incidental to our operations and is recognized when earned. 
    
  Tenant Receivables 
    
  Tenant receivables are recorded and carried at the amount billable per the applicable lease agreement, less any allowance for doubtful accounts. An allowance for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amounts is no longer considered probable. Tenant receivables are included in  Rents and other receivables, net,  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. If a tenant fails to make contractual payments beyond any allowance, we may recognize bad debt expense in future  
  
   10 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

periods equal to the amount of unpaid rent. We take into consideration factors including historical termination, default activity and current economic conditions to evaluate the level of reserve necessary. We had an allowance for doubtful accounts of   $0.3 million  , as of both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 
    
  We had a total of   $1.8 million   of lease security available in security deposits, as of both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 
    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
  We consider all short-term cash investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Restricted cash is excluded from cash and cash equivalents due to its restriction on withdrawal or use. 
    
  We maintain cash balances in various financial institutions. At times, the amounts of cash held in financial institutions may exceed the maximum amount insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. We do not believe that we are exposed to any significant credit risk on our cash and cash equivalents. 
    
  Restricted Cash 
    
  Restricted cash primarily includes tenant security deposits and escrow accounts for real property taxes, insurance, capital expenditures, tenant improvements, ground lease payments and leasing commissions held by our lenders. 
    
  Mortgage and Other Loans 
    
  Mortgage and other loans assumed upon acquisition of related real estate properties are stated at estimated fair value upon their respective dates of assumption, net of unamortized discounts or premiums and deferred loan fees to their outstanding contractual balances. Amortization of discount and the accretion of premiums on mortgage and other loans assumed upon acquisition of related real estate properties are recognized from the date of assumption through their contractual maturity date using the straight line method, which approximates the effective interest method. Deferred loan fees include fees and costs incurred in conjunction with long-term financings and are amortized over the terms of the related debt using a method that approximates the effective interest method. Beginning January 1, 2016, deferred loan fees are included in  Mortgage and other loans, net  for both periods presented, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, in accordance with the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30), Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  . Prior to adoption, deferred loan fees were included with prepaid expenses and classified as  Other assets, net  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Amortization of deferred loan fees is included in  Interest  in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  Repairs, Maintenance and Major Improvements 
    
  The costs of ordinary repairs and maintenance are included when incurred in  Rental property operating  expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Major improvements that extend the life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining useful life of the asset. Our lenders have required us to maintain reserve accounts for the funding of future repairs and capital expenditures, and the balances of these accounts are included in  Restricted cash  on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  Leasing Commissions 
    
  Leasing commissions are capitalized and amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease.  The payment of leasing commissions is included in  Investing activities  on the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows because we believe that paying leasing commissions for good tenants is a prudent investment in increasing the value of our income-producing assets. 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization 
    
  Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line method for financial reporting purposes. Buildings and improvements are depreciated over their estimated useful lives which range from   five   to   42   years. Tenant improvement  
  
   11 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

costs recorded as capital assets are depreciated over the shorter of the tenant s remaining lease term or the life of the improvement. Furniture, fixtures and equipment are depreciated over   three   to   seven   years.  Properties that are acquired that are subject to ground leases are depreciated over the lesser of the useful life or the remaining life of the related leases as of the date of assumption of the lease. 
    
  Non-Controlling Interests 
    
  We account for non-controlling interests in accordance with FASB ASC 810,   Consolidation  . In accordance with FASB ASC 810, we report non-controlling interests in subsidiaries within equity in the consolidated financial statements, but separate from the parent stockholders  equity. Net income attributable to non-controlling interests is presented as a reduction from net income in calculating net income available to common stockholders on the statement of operations. Acquisitions or dispositions of non-controlling interests that do not result in a change of control are accounted for as equity transactions. In addition, FASB ASC 810 requires that a parent company recognize a gain or loss in net income when a subsidiary is deconsolidated upon a change in control. In accordance with FASB ASC 480-10,   Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity  , non-controlling interests that are determined to be redeemable are carried at their redemption value as of the balance sheet date and reported as temporary equity. We periodically evaluate individual non-controlling interests for the ability to continue to recognize the non-controlling interest as permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets. Any non-controlling interest that fails to qualify as permanent equity will be reclassified as temporary equity and adjusted to the greater of (a) the carrying amount, or (b) its redemption value as of the end of the period in which the determination is made, the resulting adjustment is recorded in the consolidated statement of operations.  See Note 10 for a more detailed discussion. 
    
  Preferred Units 
    
  The Class A convertible preferred units of the Operating Partnership ( Preferred Units ) have fixed rights to distributions at an annual rate of   2%   of their liquidation preference of   $25   per Preferred Unit. Accordingly, income or loss of the Operating Partnership is allocated among the general partner interest and limited partner common interests after taking into consideration distribution rights allocable to the Preferred Units. 
    
  Earnings (Loss) per Share 
    
  We present both basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share ( EPS ). Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period. 
    
  Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders for the period by the weighted average number of common shares that would have been outstanding for the period, assuming the issuance of common shares for all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during such period. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Code. To qualify as a REIT, we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we currently distribute at least   90%   of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders. Also, at least   95%   of gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources. We intend to adhere to these requirements and maintain our REIT status. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to corporate level federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute currently to our stockholders. However, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income and property, and to federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed taxable income, if any. Management believes that we have distributed and will continue to distribute a sufficient majority of our taxable income, if any, in the form of dividends and distributions to our stockholders and unit holders. Accordingly, we have not recognized any provision for income taxes. 
    
  The Company is subject to the provisions of FASB ASC 740,   Income Taxes   which prescribes a more-likely-than-not threshold for the financial statement recognition of uncertain tax positions. ASC 740 clarifies the accounting for income taxes by prescribing a minimum recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. On a quarterly basis, the Company evaluates the need for income tax accruals in accordance with ASC 740. 

12 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   ( ASU 2014-09 )  .    ASU 2014-09 establishes that companies may recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  This pronouncement is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.  We do not expect the adoption of this pronouncement to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern   ( ASU 2014-15 ) which provides guidance on when and how entities should assess their ability to continue as a going concern and related footnote disclosures.  Under ASU 2014-15, management is required to perform annual and interim assessments of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the financial statement issuance date.  Certain disclosures are required if there are conditions present that raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern during this period.  This pronouncement is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.  We are currently assessing the impact that this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
    
  In February 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810), Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis   ( ASU 2015-02 ) which modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities ( VIEs ) or voting interest entities, eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership and affects the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships.  ASU 2015-02 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. We adopted this standard on January 1, 2016. The adoption of this pronouncement did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30), Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs   ( ASU 2015-03 ).  The amendments in ASU 2015-03 require debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated debt liability, consistent with the presentation of a debt discount.  ASU 2015-03 is limited to the presentation of debt issuance costs and does not affect the recognition and measurement of debt issuance costs.  ASU 2015-03 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. We adopted this standard on January 1, 2016. The adoption of this pronouncement changed the presentation of our debt issuance costs, which we refer to as deferred loan fees and are currently included in  Mortgage and other loans, net  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  Prior to the adoption of ASU 2015-03, deferred loan fees amounting to   $0.2 million   as of December 31, 2015 were recorded in  Other assets, net  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842): Section A - Leases: Amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification; Section B - Conforming Amendments Related to Leases: Amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification; and Section C - Background Information and Basis for Conclusions   ( ASU 2016-02 )  .   ASU 2016-02 amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of ASU 2016-02 as of its issuance is permitted. The new leases standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to use certain transition relief. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new leases standard on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-15   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force)   ( ASU 2016-15 )  .   ASU No. 2016-15 provides specific guidance on eight cash flow classification issues, including how debt prepayments or debt extinguishment costs and distributions received from equity method investees are presented. ASU No. 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  
  
   13 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Early adoption of ASU 2016-15 as of its issuance is permitted. We are currently assessing the impact that this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

3.    Investments in Real Estate, net 
    
  Our investments in real estate, net, at September 30, 2016 (unaudited), and at December 31, 2015, are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

14 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

4.     Intangible Assets and Acquired Below-Market Leases, net 
    
  Our identifiable intangible assets and acquired below-market leases, net, at September 30, 2016 (unaudited), and at December 31, 2015, are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

5.      Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
    
  At September 30, 2016, we were partners with third parties in   three   joint ventures, holding   two   office properties, comprised of   four   buildings and   0.8 million   rentable square feet.  One of our joint ventures also owns a sports club associated with our City Square property in Phoenix, Arizona.  Our ownership interest percentage in each of these joint ventures is   5.0%  . 
    
  We account for our investments in joint ventures under the equity method of accounting. 

15 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

The following tables summarize financial information for our unconsolidated joint ventures (in thousands and unaudited):  

16 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

6.      Accounts Payable and Other Liabilities 
    
  Accounts payable and other liabilities at September 30, 2016 (unaudited), and at December 31, 2015, consist of the following (in thousands): 

7.      Mortgage and Other Loans 
    
  The following table sets forth a summary of our mortgage and other loans, net of discount and deferred loan fees, at September 30, 2016 (unaudited), and at December 31, 2015 (in thousands). The interest rate of each loan is fixed unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table: 

(1) 
    The loan is subject to monthly interest payments bearing interest at a floating rate per annum equal to the One-Month LIBOR Rate plus   4.5%   and monthly partial principal payments based on the availability of cash after making required distributions for operating costs and reserves pursuant to a payment waterfall and other terms and conditions under the new loan agreement and a balloon remaining principal payment at maturity. The LIBOR portion of the interest rate is subject to a floor of   0.50%   and a cap of   3.0%  , pursuant to an interest rate cap agreement. As of September 30, 2016, the applicable One-Month LIBOR Rate was   0.519%  . 
              (2) 
    Amounts borrowed under the revolving line of credit require monthly interest only payments at a fluctuating annual rate equal to the   effective rate of interest paid by the lender on time certificates of deposit  , plus   1.00%   and a balloon principal payment at maturity. As of September 30, 2016, the effective rate of interest paid by the lender on time certificates of deposit was   0.10%  . See  Revolving Line of Credit  below. 

17 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

In August 2016, our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into a new loan agreement, the proceeds of which were used to repay in full the existing mortgage loans that were scheduled to mature at various dates commencing August 11, 2016 through November 11, 2016 and to fund leasing and capital expenditure reserves.  The new loan agreement contains customary covenants including, among other things, restrictions on the ability to incur additional indebtedness, transfer or dispose of assets, create liens and make certain investments. Our obligations under the new loan agreement are secured by mortgages on the leasehold and fee (as applicable) interests in all of our wholly-owned properties as well as assignments of all leases, rents, contracts, revenues, permits and service agreements with respect to the properties and ownership interests in all equity interests and accounts of the borrowers. The loan is non-recourse to our Operating Partnership, except for customary recourse carve-outs for borrower misconduct and environmental liabilities.  The recourse liability for borrower misconduct and environmental liabilities was guaranteed by Mr. Shidler. Our Operating Partnership has agreed to indemnify Mr. Shidler to the extent of his guaranty liability. 
    
  In connection with the new loan agreement, in August 2016, we entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement to sell our Pan Am Building property, located in Honolulu, Hawaii, to one of the lenders under the new loan agreement, for cash consideration of   $78.5 million  . The completion of the sale transaction is scheduled to occur no later than August 13, 2018, but is not expected to occur prior to the first quarter of 2018. In the event the sale of the Pan Am Building property does not close on or prior to August 13, 2018 due to a default by the buyer, we have the right to tender a deed to the Pan Am Building property to the other lenders under the new loan agreement, subject to the mortgage and the assignment of leases on the Pan Am Building property, in which case the principal amount of the new loan agreement would be reduced by   $78.5 million  . 
    
  Revolving Line of Credit 
    
  We are party to a Credit Agreement (the  FHB Credit Facility ) with First Hawaiian Bank (the  Lender ) which provides us with a revolving line of credit in the maximum principal amount of   $25.0 million   and has a maturity date of December 31, 2016.  Amounts borrowed under the FHB Credit Facility bear interest at a fluctuating annual rate equal to the   effective rate of interest paid by the lender on time certificates of deposit  , plus   1.00%  . We are permitted to use the proceeds of the line of credit for working capital and general corporate purposes, consistent with our real estate operations and for such other purposes as the Lender may approve. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had outstanding borrowings of   $25.0 million   under the FHB Credit Facility.  During each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized   $0.1 million   in interest to the Lender.  During each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized   $0.2 million   in interest to the Lender.  
    
  As security for the FHB Credit Facility, as amended, Shidler LP has pledged to the Lender a certificate of deposit in the principal amount of   $25.0 million  .  As a condition to this pledge, the Operating Partnership and Shidler LP entered into an indemnification agreement pursuant to which the Operating Partnership agreed to indemnify Shidler LP from any losses, damages, costs and expenses incurred by Shidler LP in connection with the pledge.  In addition, to the extent that all or any portion of the certificate of deposit is withdrawn by the Lender and applied to the payment of principal, interest and/or charges under the FHB Credit Facility, the Operating Partnership agreed to pay to Shidler LP interest on the withdrawn amount at a rate of   7.0%   per annum from the date of the withdrawal until the date of repayment in full by the Operating Partnership to Shidler LP.  Pursuant to this indemnification agreement, as amended, the Operating Partnership also agreed to pay to Shidler LP an annual fee of   2.0%   of the entire   $25.0 million   principal amount of the certificate of deposit. During each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized   $0.1 million   in interest to Shidler LP for the annual fee. During each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized   $0.4 million   in interest to Shidler LP for the annual fee. As of September 30, 2016, we have accrued approximately   $0.3 million   of interest payments owed to Shidler LP for this annual fee included in  Accrued interest payable to current and former related parties  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  The FHB Credit Facility contains various customary covenants, including covenants relating to disclosure of financial and other information to the Lender, maintenance and performance of our material contracts, our maintenance of adequate insurance, payment of the Lender s fees and expenses, and other customary terms and conditions. 

18 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

8.      Unsecured Notes Payable to Current and Former Related Parties 
    
  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had promissory notes payable by the Operating Partnership to certain current and former affiliates in the aggregate outstanding principal amounts of   $32.4 million   and   $29.4 million  , respectively. 
    
  In 2008, we issued   $21.1 million   of promissory notes as consideration for having funded certain capital improvements prior to the completion of our formation transactions and upon the exercise of an option granted to us by POP Venture, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company controlled by Mr. Shidler ( Venture ), and its affiliates as part of our formation transactions in 2008. The promissory notes accrue interest at a rate of   7%  , per annum, with interest payable quarterly, subject to the Operating Partnership s right to defer the payment of interest for any or all periods until the date of maturity.  The promissory notes were originally scheduled to mature on various dates commencing on March 19, 2013 through August 31, 2013, but the Operating Partnership elected to extend the maturity for   one   additional year. The maturity date of the promissory notes has subsequently been extended to be coterminous with the maturity of the promissory note issued in September 2016 (as described below). 
    
  In February 2014, we issued to certain current and former affiliates additional promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of   $8.3 million   to settle claims under tax protection agreements relating to the sale of our First Insurance Center property in 2012.  See  Tax Protection Arrangements  in Note 9 for additional information.  These promissory notes accrue interest at a rate of   5%   per annum, with interest payable quarterly, subject to the Operating Partnership s right to defer the payment of interest for any or all periods until the date of maturity, and were originally scheduled to mature on December 31, 2015. The maturity date of these promissory notes has subsequently been extended to be coterminous with the maturity of the promissory note issued in September 2016 (as described below). 
    
  In September 2016, we issued a promissory note in the principal amount of   $3.0 million   to Shidler LP in consideration of a loan in that amount made by Shidler LP to the Operating Partnership.  The promissory note accrues interest at a rate of   5%   per annum, with interest payable quarterly, subject to the Operating Partnership s right to defer the payment of interest for any or all periods until the date of maturity. The stated maturity date for the promissory note is the earlier of (i) December 31, 2016 (or, if later, the maturity date of indebtedness under the Operating Partnership s credit facility with First Hawaiian Bank, but in any event not later than December 31, 2017) and (ii) the date on which the Operating Partnership has fully satisfied, or is released from, any liability under the Indemnification Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2009 (as subsequently amended), between the Operating Partnership and Shidler LP.  
    
  The maturity of the Operating Partnership s promissory notes will accelerate upon the occurrence of an underwritten public offering of at least   $75 million   of the Company s common stock, the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or the merger or consolidation of the Company with another entity, and specific to the promissory notes issued in February 2014, under certain circumstances in the event that the Operating Partnership has fully satisfied or is released from liability under its indemnification agreement with Shidler LP relating to the security pledged by Shidler LP in support of the FHB Credit Facility.  The promissory notes are unsecured obligations of the Operating Partnership and (except for the September 2016 note) are subordinated to borrowings under the FHB Credit Facility and our indemnification obligations to Shidler LP in connection with its pledge in support of the FHB Credit Facility.  
    
  For the period from March 20, 2008 through September 30, 2016, interest payments on these unsecured notes payable have been deferred with the exception of   $0.3 million   which was related to the notes exchanged for shares of common stock in 2009. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,   $18.1 million   and   $15.6 million  , respectively, of accrued interest attributable to these promissory notes is included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

9.      Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Minimum Future Ground Rents   
    
  We hold a long-term ground leasehold interest in our Waterfront Plaza property.  The Waterfront Plaza ground lease expires December 31, 2060. The annual rental obligation has fixed increases at   5  -year intervals until it resets on January 1, 2036, 2041, 2046, 2051, and 2056 to an amount equal to the greater of (i)   8.0%   of the fair market value of the land or (ii) the ground rent payable for the prior period. 
  
   19 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Contingencies 
    
  From time to time, we may be subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. These matters are generally covered by insurance, subject to deductibles and other customary limitations on recoveries. We believe that the ultimate settlement of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position and results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  Concentration of Credit Risk 
    
  Our operating wholly-owned properties are located in Honolulu.  Our operating properties owned in joint ventures are located in Honolulu and Phoenix.  The ability of the tenants to honor the terms of their respective leases is dependent upon the economic, regulatory and social factors affecting the markets in which the tenants operate. As of September 30, 2016,   no   single tenant accounts for 10% or more of our total annualized base rents. We perform credit evaluations on new tenants by requesting and reviewing their financial statements and recent tax returns. During the terms of our leases, we monitor the credit quality of our tenants by reviewing the timeliness of their lease payments. In addition, we may review financial statements, operating statements and/or performance of other financial covenants as allowed for under their lease. 
    
  Financial instruments that subject us to credit risk consist primarily of cash, accounts receivable and deferred rents receivable.  We maintain our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash on deposit with what management believes are relatively stable financial institutions. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to the maximum amount; and, to date, we have not experienced any losses on our invested cash. Restricted cash held by our lenders is maintained in escrow accounts at a major financial institution. 
    
  Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations 
    
  We record a liability for a conditional asset retirement obligation, defined as a legal obligation to perform an asset retirement activity in which the timing and/or method of settlement is conditional on a future event that may or may not be within a company s control, when the fair value of the obligation can be reasonably estimated. Depending on the age of the construction, certain properties in our portfolio may contain non-friable asbestos. If these properties undergo major renovations or are demolished, certain environmental regulations are in place, which specify the manner in which the asbestos, if present, must be handled and disposed. Based on our evaluation of the physical condition and attributes of certain of our properties, we recorded conditional asset retirement obligations related to asbestos removal. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the liability in our consolidated balance sheets for conditional asset retirement obligations was   $0.7 million   as of both dates. The accretion expense for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was not significant.   
    
  Waterfront Plaza Ground Lease 
    
  We are subject to a surrender clause under the Waterfront Plaza ground lease that provides the lessor with the right to require us, at our own expense, to raze and remove all improvements from the leased land, contingent on the lessor s decision at the time the ground lease expires on December 31, 2060. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the liability in our consolidated balance sheets for this asset retirement obligation was   $0.5 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively. The accretion expense for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was not significant.  
    
  Environmental Matters 
    
  We follow the policy of monitoring our properties for the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. While there can be no assurance that a material environmental liability does not exist, we are not currently aware of any environmental liability with respect to the properties that would have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, we are not aware of any environmental liability or any unasserted claim or assessment with respect to an environmental liability other than our conditional asset retirement obligations that we believe would require additional disclosure or the recording of a loss contingency. 

20 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Capital Commitments 
    
  We are required by certain leases and other contractual obligations to complete tenant and building improvements. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash reserves of   $7.7 million   to fund capital expenditures and leasing costs, of which we were obligated to spend   $2.1 million   through 2017. We anticipate that our reserves, as well as other sources of liquidity, including existing cash on hand, our cash flows from operations, financing and investing activities will be sufficient to fund our capital expenditure obligations. 
    
  Tax Protection Arrangements 
    
  A sale of any of our wholly-owned properties that would not provide continued tax deferral to Venture is contractually restricted until March 2018, which is   10   years after the closing of the transaction related to such properties. In addition, we have agreed that, during such   10  -year period, we will not prepay or defease any mortgage indebtedness of such properties, other than in connection with a concurrent refinancing with non-recourse mortgage debt of an equal or greater amount and subject to certain other restrictions. Furthermore, if any such sale or defeasance is foreseeable, we are required to notify Venture and to cooperate with it in considering strategies to defer or mitigate the recognition of gain under the Code by any of the equity interest holders of the recipient of the Operating Partnership units.   
    
  In June 2012, we completed the sale of our fee and leasehold interests in our First Insurance Center property, located in Honolulu, Hawaii, to an unaffiliated third party.  As a result of the sale, certain contract parties claimed they were entitled to a make-whole cash payment under tax protection agreements relating to the property.  During the third quarter of 2013, we held settlement discussions with certain claimants regarding these tax protection agreements and accrued   $8.7 million   for such liability as of December 31, 2013.  In February 2014, we issued   $8.3 million   of subordinated promissory notes in settlement of the majority of such claims (see Note 8), and paid cash settlements totaling approximately   $0.4 million   in settlement of the remainder of such claims.  Each party receiving a promissory note or cash payment released us from any other claims under the tax protection agreements arising out of the sale of the First Insurance Center property and the foreclosure of our Sorrento Technology Center property in January 2012, as applicable. 
    
  In January 2015, we completed the sale of our fee and leasehold interests in our Clifford Center property, located in Honolulu, Hawaii, to an unaffiliated third party for aggregate consideration of   $8.9 million  .  No tax indemnity liability arose under the tax protection agreements in connection with this sale because the sale of the Clifford Center property resulted in a tax loss. 
    
  Indemnities 
    
  The mortgage debt outstanding under our new loan agreement is non-recourse to our Operating Partnership, except for customary recourse carve-outs for borrower misconduct and environmental liabilities.  The recourse liability for borrower misconduct and environmental liabilities was guaranteed by Mr. Shidler.  Our Operating Partnership has agreed to indemnify Mr. Shidler to the extent of his guaranty liability. In management s judgment, it would be unlikely for us to incur any material liability under these indemnities that would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

21 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

10.      Equity (Deficit) and Earnings (Loss) per Share 
    
  Total Equity (Deficit) 
    
  The changes in total equity (deficit) for the period from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 (unaudited) are shown below (in thousands): 

Stockholders  Equity (Deficit) 
    
  Our Class A Common Stock (which is quoted in the OTCQB tier of the OTC Marketplace) and our Class B Common Stock are identical in all respects, except that in the event of liquidation the Class B Common Stock will not be entitled to any portion of our net assets, which would, if any, be allocated and distributed to the holders of the Class A Common Stock. Shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote together as a single class and each share is entitled to   one   vote on each matter to be voted upon by our stockholders. Dividends on the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are payable at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 
    
  Our Senior Common Stock ranks senior to our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock with respect to dividends and distribution of amounts upon liquidation. It has a   $10.00   per share (plus accrued and unpaid dividends) liquidation preference. Subject to the preferential rights of any future series of preferred shares, holders of Senior Common Stock are entitled to receive, when and as authorized by the Company s Board of Directors, and declared by us, cumulative cash dividends in an amount per share equal to a minimum of   $0.725   per share per annum, payable monthly. Dividends on the Senior Common Stock are cumulative and accrue to the extent not declared or paid by us. Should the dividend payable on the Class A Common Stock exceed the rate of   $0.20   per share per annum, the Senior Common Stock dividend would increase by   25%   of the amount by which the Class A Common Stock dividend exceeds   $0.20   per share per annum. Holders of Senior Common Stock have the right to vote on all matters presented to stockholders as a single class with holders of the Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock and the Company s outstanding share of Proportionate Voting Preferred Stock (as discussed below). Each share of the Company s Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock and the Senior Common Stock is entitled to   one   vote on each matter to be voted upon by the Company s stockholders. Shares of Senior Common Stock may be exchanged, at the option of the holder, for shares of Class A Common Stock after the fifth anniversary of the issuance of such shares of Senior Common Stock. The exchange ratio is to be calculated using a value for our Class A Common Stock based on the average of the trailing   30  -day closing price of the Class A Common Stock on the date the shares are submitted for exchange, but in no event less than   $1.00   per share, and a value for the Senior Common Stock of   $10.00   per share. Unless full cumulative dividends on the Senior Common Stock have been paid for all past dividend periods, we may not repurchase or redeem any shares of Senior Common Stock (or Class A Common Stock) unless all outstanding shares of Senior Common Stock are simultaneously repurchased or redeemed. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had a total of   2,410,839   shares of Senior Common Stock issued and outstanding. We terminated our continuous public offering of Senior Common Stock in February 2011 and do not expect to issue any additional shares of Senior Common Stock. 
    
  General Partnership Interest 
    
  The Company s general partnership interest in the Operating Partnership is denominated in a number of Common Units equal to the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding. Our general partnership interest includes the right to participate in distributions of the Operating Partnership to holders of Common Units in a percentage equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding by (b) the sum of shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding  
  
   22 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

plus the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock for which the outstanding Common Units of the Operating Partnership may be redeemed. We also hold a number of Senior Common Units corresponding to the number of shares of Senior Common Stock outstanding, which entitle us to receive distributions from the Operating Partnership in an amount per Senior Common Unit equal to the per share dividend payable to holders of our Senior Common Stock. 
    
  Non-controlling Interests 
    
  Non-controlling interests include the interests in the Operating Partnership that are not owned by the Company, which amounted to all of the Preferred Units and   78.16%   of the Common Units outstanding as of September 30, 2016. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no Common Units or Preferred Units were redeemed or issued. As of September 30, 2016,   46,698,532   shares of our Class A Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon redemption of outstanding Common Units and Preferred Units. 
    
  The Common Units issued upon the completion of our formation transactions on March 19, 2008 are designated as Class B Common Units, which are redeemable by the holder on a   one  -for-  one   basis for shares of Class A Common Stock or a new class of Common Units, designated as Class C Common Units, which have no redemption rights, as elected by a majority of our independent directors. All other outstanding Common Units are designated as Class A Common Units, which are redeemable by the holders on a   one  -for-  one   basis for shares of Class A Common Stock or cash, as elected by a majority of our independent directors. Each Preferred Unit is convertible by the holder into   7.1717   Class B Common Units, but not before the date we consummate an underwritten public offering (of at least   $75 million  ) of our common stock. Class B Common Units received upon conversion of Preferred Units will not be redeemable by the holder as described above for a period of   one year   after the date of conversion from Preferred Units to Class B Common Units. 
    
  The Preferred Units have fixed rights to annual distributions at an annual rate of   2%   of their liquidation preference of   $25   per Preferred Unit and priority over Common Units in the event of a liquidation of the Operating Partnership. At September 30, 2016, the cumulative unpaid distributions attributable to Preferred Units were   $13.1 million  . We anticipate continuing to accrue these distributions.  
    
  Common Units of all classes and Preferred Units of the Operating Partnership do not have any right to vote on any matters presented to our stockholders. We have outstanding   one   share of Proportionate Voting Preferred Stock, which is held by Pacific Office Holding, Inc., a corporation owned by Mr. Shidler and certain of our current and former executive officers and other affiliates. The Proportionate Voting Preferred Stock has no dividend rights and minimal rights to distributions in the event of liquidation, but it entitles its holder to vote on all matters for which the holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to vote. The Proportionate Voting Preferred Stock entitles its holder to cast a number of votes equal to the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon redemption for shares of the Class B Common Units and Preferred Units issued in connection with the completion of our formation transactions on March 19, 2008. This number will decrease to the extent that these Class B Common Units are redeemed for shares of Class A Common Stock in the future, but will not increase in the event of future unit issuances by the Operating Partnership. As of September 30, 2016, that share of Proportionate Voting Preferred Stock represented   88%   of our voting power. Pacific Office Holding, Inc. has agreed to cast its Proportionate Voting Preferred Stock votes on any matter in direct proportion to votes that are cast by limited partners of our Operating Partnership holding the Class B Common Units and Preferred Units issued in the formation transactions. 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, Venture owned   46,173,693   shares of our Class A Common Stock assuming that all Operating Partnership units were fully redeemed for shares on such date, notwithstanding the restrictions on redemption noted above. Assuming the immediate redemption of all the Operating Partnership units held by Venture, Venture and its related parties control   91.5%   of the total voting power in the Company. 
    
  Earnings (Loss) per Share 
    
  We present both basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share ( EPS ). Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income or loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding during each period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income or loss attributable to common stockholders for the period by the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock for all potentially dilutive shares  
  
   23 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

of Class A Common Stock outstanding during each period. Net income or loss in the Operating Partnership is allocated in accordance with the Partnership Agreement among our general partner and limited partner Common Unit holders in accordance with their weighted average ownership percentages in the Operating Partnership of   21.84%   and   78.16%  , respectively, as of September 30, 2016, after taking into consideration the priority distributions allocated to the limited partner preferred unit holders in the Operating Partnership.  
    
  The following is the basic and diluted loss per share (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, and unaudited): 

(1) 
    For each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, net loss attributable to common stockholders includes   $0.6 million   of priority allocation to Preferred Unit holders. For each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, net loss attributable to common stockholders includes   $1.7 million   of priority allocation to Preferred Unit holders.  These allocations are included in non-controlling interests in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company continues to accrue the distributions but does not anticipate paying the distributions in the near term. See below for additional detail. 
              (2) 
    For each of the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   14,101,004   shares of Class A Common Stock which may be issued upon redemption of Common Units,   32,597,528   shares of Class A Common Stock which may be issued upon conversion of Preferred Units and subsequent redemption, and   2,410,839   shares of Senior Common Stock were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive due to our net loss position; 
     Refer to  Non-controlling Interests  and  Stockholders  Equity (Deficit)  in this footnote for the redemption and conversion terms and conditions of the Preferred Units and Senior Common Stock. 
    
  Dividends and Distributions 
    
  For each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we paid an aggregate of   $0.2 million  , and for each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we paid an aggregate of    $0.7 million  , in cash dividends to holders of our Senior Common Stock, representing an amount equal to half the dividends accruing for such periods at the stated annualized rate of   7.25%   of the original issue price of   $10.00   per share.  Dividends declared for each month during such periods were paid on or about the 15   th    day of the following month. We believe that paying these dividends at less than the full stated annualized rate is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders as it preserves a greater amount of our cash in order to fund required leasing and capital improvements for our properties with the goal of maximizing the value of our properties. The difference between the stated dividend and the paid dividend on our outstanding shares of Senior Common Stock will accrue until paid in full, and amounted to   $3.1 million   in aggregate as of September 30, 2016.  Our board of directors has authorized daily dividends on the Senior Common Stock at half the stated annualized rate through November 2016. 
    
  Amounts accumulated for distribution to stockholders and Operating Partnership unit holders are invested primarily in interest-bearing accounts which are consistent with our intention to maintain our qualification as a REIT.  At September 30, 2016, the cumulative unpaid distributions attributable to Preferred Units were   $13.1 million  , which we do not anticipate to pay in 2016. 
  
   24 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Dividends declared and accrued on the Senior Common Stock are included in  Cumulative deficit  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Accrued distributions on Preferred Units are included in  Non-controlling interests  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

11.      Disposition Activity 
    
  Disposition of Unconsolidated Joint Venture Investments 
    
  In September 2015, the Valencia Corporate Center property, located in Los Angeles, California, was sold to an unaffiliated third party.  Net proceeds from the sale of the property, which was owned by one of our unconsolidated joint ventures, were used to repay the mortgage note payable and other transaction related expenses, and then distributed to the members of the joint venture, including us.   
    
  Sale of Property 
    
  In June 2016, we completed the sale of our fee interest in a vacant parcel of land, located in Phoenix, Arizona, to an unaffiliated third party. As a result of the sale, we recognized a gain of   $0.1 million   for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, which is included in  Other  revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  Sale of Clifford Center 
    
  In January 2015, we completed the sale of our fee and leasehold interests in our Clifford Center property, located in Honolulu, Hawaii, to an unaffiliated third party for aggregate consideration of   $8.9 million  .  Accordingly, the associated assets and liabilities have been removed from our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 and the results of its operations before the sale, including post-closing activities since the sale, for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015 are included in  Discontinued operations  in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  The following table summarizes the operating results of the Clifford Center property that comprise loss from discontinued operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 (in thousands): 

Pan Am Building Sale 
    
  In August 2016, we entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement to sell our Pan Am Building property, located in Honolulu, Hawaii, to Don Quijote (USA) Co., Ltd. ( Don Quijote ), one of the lenders under the new loan agreement, for cash consideration of   $78.5 million  . The completion of the sale transaction is scheduled to occur no later than August 13, 2018, but is not expected to occur prior to the first quarter of 2018. Because the sale of the Pan Am Building is not expected to be completed within the next 12 months, the property is classified as held for use in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and we will continue to own and operate the property until the completion of the sale. 
    
  Net proceeds from the sale of the property will be used to prepay, in part, the principal amount of the new loan agreement, without subject to a spread maintenance prepayment premium, pursuant to the new loan agreement. In the event the sale of the Pan Am Building property does not close on or prior to August 13, 2018 due to a default by Don Quijote, we have  
  
   25 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

the right to tender a deed to the Pan Am Building property to the lenders under the new loan agreement, subject to the Mortgage and the Assignment of Leases on the Pan Am Building property, in which case the principal amount of the new loan agreement would be reduced by   $78.5 million  . 

12.      Related Party Transactions 
    
  We are externally advised by Shidler Pacific Advisors, an entity that is owned and controlled by Mr. Shidler.  Shidler Pacific Advisors is responsible for the day to day operations and management of the Company, including management of our wholly-owned properties.  For its services, Shidler Pacific Advisors earned a corporate management fee of   $0.2 million   per quarter, which is reflected in  General and administrative  expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and property management fees of   2.5%   to   3.0%   of the rental cash receipts collected by the wholly-owned properties, and related fees; however, such property management and related fees are required to be consistent with prevailing market rates for similar services provided on an arms-length basis in the area in which the subject property is located. 
    
  The fees that were earned by Shidler Pacific Advisors for services relating to property management, corporate management, construction management and other services are summarized in the table below (in thousands and unaudited): 

Shidler Pacific Advisors leases space from us at certain of our wholly-owned properties for building management and corporate offices. The rents from these leases totaled   $0.1 million   for each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and   $0.4 million   for each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. At September 30, 2016, we have   $0.3 million   owed to Shidler Pacific Advisors included in  Accounts payable and other liabilities  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  During each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized   $0.1 million   in interest to Shidler LP for the annual fee related to its security pledge for the FHB Credit Facility. During each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized   $0.4 million   in interest to Shidler LP for this annual fee. As of September 30, 2016, we have accrued approximately   $0.3 million   of interest payments owed to Shidler LP for this annual fee included in  Accrued interest payable to current and former related parties  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. See Note 7 for more discussion on the FHB Credit Facility, including the security pledge made by Shidler LP. 
    
  The mortgage debt outstanding under our new loan agreement is non-recourse to our Operating Partnership, except for customary recourse carve-outs for borrower misconduct and environmental liabilities.  The recourse liability for borrower misconduct and environmental liabilities was guaranteed by Mr. Shidler.  Our Operating Partnership has agreed to indemnify Mr. Shidler to the extent of his guaranty liability. See Note 9 for additional discussion on these indemnities. 
    
  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,   $18.1 million   and   $15.6 million  , respectively, of accrued interest attributable to unsecured notes payable to current and former related parties is included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. See Note 8 for a detailed discussion on these unsecured notes payable. 

13.      Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  We are required to disclose fair value information about all financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the consolidated balance sheet, for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. We measure and disclose the estimated fair value of financial assets and liabilities utilizing a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between data obtained from sources  
  
   26 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

independent of the reporting entity and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions. This hierarchy consists of three broad levels as follows:  
    
  Level 1 - using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
    
  Level 2 - using quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, as well as inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.  
    
  Level 3 - using unobservable inputs that reflect an entity s own assumptions that market participants would use when pricing of the asset or liability, to the extent observable inputs are not available. 
    
  In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. The fair market value of debt is determined using the trading price of public debt or a discounted cash flow technique that incorporates a market interest yield curve with adjustments for duration, optionality and risk profile, including the Company s non-performance risk (Level 3). Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop estimated fair value. The use of different market assumptions or estimation methods may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 
    
  The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, rents and other receivables, accounts payable and other liabilities approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. We calculate the fair value of our mortgage and other loans by using available market information and discounted cash flows analyses based on borrowing rates we believe we could obtain with similar terms and maturities. Because the valuations of our financial instruments are based on these types of estimates, the actual fair value of our financial instruments may differ materially if our estimates do not prove to be accurate. Additionally, the use of different market assumptions or estimation methods may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. The carrying value of the unsecured related party notes approximates its fair value due to the short-term maturity of these liabilities. The carrying value of the revolving line of credit borrowings approximates its fair value since the borrowings bear interest at a variable market rate. 
    
  At September 30, 2016, the carrying value (excluding accrued interest and unamortized deferred loan fees) and estimated fair value of the mortgage and other loans were   $305.5 million   and   $306.3 million  , respectively. At December 31, 2015, the carrying value (excluding accrued interest and unamortized discount and deferred loan fees) and estimated fair value of the mortgage and other loans were   $291.0 million   and   $289.8 million  , respectively. 

27 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
    
  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto that appear in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Historical results set forth in the consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 and this Section should not be taken as indicative of our future operations. 
    
  Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  Our disclosure and analysis in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which include information relating to future events, future financial performance, strategies, expectations, risks and uncertainties. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public as well as oral forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding: projections, predictions, expectations, estimates or forecasts as to our business, financial and operational results and future economic performance; statements regarding strategic transactions such as mergers or acquisitions or a possible dissolution of the Company; and statements of management s goals and objectives and other similar expressions. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Words such as  believe,   assume,   may,   will,   should,   could,   would,   predict,   potential,   continue,   plan,   anticipate,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   objective,   seek,   strive  and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. 
    
  Certain matters discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties inherent in such statements may cause actual future events or results to differ materially and adversely from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
    
  We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. These factors include the risks and uncertainties described in  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the updates to those risk factors described in Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. 
    
  We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 
    
  Overview 
    
  We are an externally advised REIT that owns and operates primarily institutional-quality office properties in Hawaii. As of September 30, 2016, we owned three office properties, comprising 1.2 million rentable square feet, and were partners with third parties in three joint ventures holding two office properties, comprising four buildings and 0.8 million rentable square feet, and a sports club associated with our City Square property in Phoenix, Arizona.  Our ownership interest percentage in each of these joint ventures is 5.0%. As of September 30, 2016, our property portfolio included office buildings in Honolulu and Phoenix. 
    
  Our advisor is Shidler Pacific Advisors, LLC ( Shidler Pacific Advisors ), an entity that is owned and controlled by Jay H. Shidler, our Chairman of the Board. Lawrence J. Taff, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, also serves as President of Shidler Pacific Advisors. Shidler Pacific Advisors is responsible for the day-to-day operation and management of the Company, including management of our wholly-owned properties.   
    
  We maintain a website at   www.pacificofficeproperties.com  . The information on or accessible through our website is not part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports are available without charge on our website or upon  
  
   28 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

request to us. In addition, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available without charge on our website or upon request to us. Amendments to, or waivers from, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that apply to our executive officers will be posted to our website. We also post or otherwise make available on our website from time to time other information that may be of interest to our investors. 
    
  Critical Accounting Policies 
    
  This discussion and analysis of the historical financial condition and results of operations is based upon the accompanying consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP.  The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses in the reporting period. Actual amounts may differ from these estimates and assumptions. These estimates have been evaluated on an ongoing basis, based upon information currently available and on various assumptions that management believes are reasonable as of the date hereof. In addition, other companies in similar businesses may use different estimation policies and methodologies, which may impact the comparability of the results of operations and financial conditions to those of other companies. 
    
  In addition, we identified certain critical accounting policies that affect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. We have not made any material changes to those policies during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
    
  Results of Operations 
    
  Our results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 include the results of our wholly-owned properties (Waterfront Plaza, Davies Pacific Center and Pan Am Building) and our equity in the net income (loss) of our unconsolidated joint ventures. Discontinued operations reflects the net results of operations of the Clifford Center property, which was sold in January 2015. The impact on our results of operations from sales of unconsolidated joint venture properties was not material. 
    
  Overview  
    
  As of September 30, 2016, our wholly-owned properties were 85.7% leased, with approximately 160,300 square feet available, under a total of 326 leases.  As of that date, 4.9% of our leased square footage was scheduled to expire during 2016 and another 13.6% of our leased square footage was scheduled to expire during 2017.  
    
  As of December 31, 2015, our wholly-owned properties were 88.0% leased, with approximately 136,200 square feet available, under a total of 327 leases.  As of that date, 16.0% of our leased square footage was scheduled to expire during 2016 and another 12.6% of our leased square footage was scheduled to expire during 2017. 

29 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

The following table summarizes the changes in vacant space for our wholly-owned properties for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 (in rentable square feet): 

___________________________ 
    
           (1) 
    Includes leases that expired on the last day of the prior period. 
       
           (2) 
    Includes adjustments for remeasured square footage, right-to-use leases and month-to-month storage leases. 
       
  We receive income primarily from rental revenue (including tenant reimbursements) from our office properties and, to a lesser extent, from our parking revenues. Our office properties are typically leased to tenants with good credit for terms ranging from two to 20 years. We perform credit evaluations on new tenants by requesting and reviewing their financial statements and recent tax returns. During the terms of our leases, we monitor the credit quality of our tenants by reviewing the timeliness of their lease payments. In addition, we may review financial statements, operating statements and/or performance of other financial covenants as allowed for under their lease. 

30 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2016 to  
  the three months ended September 30, 2015 (in thousands) 

Revenues 
    
  Rental revenue  . Total rental revenue decreased by $0.2 million, or 3.9%, primarily due to a decrease in rental revenues at Waterfront Plaza as a result of a negotiated lease incentive for a tenant ($0.1 million) in the current year and at Pan Am Building related to a tenant who vacated its leased premises in the prior year ($0.1 million). 
    
  Tenant reimbursements  .   Total tenant reimbursements decreased by an insignificant amount compared to the prior year period. 
    
  Parking revenue  .   Total parking revenue increased by an insignificant amount compared to the prior year period. 
    
  Other revenue  .   Total other revenue decreased by an insignificant amount compared to the prior year period. 
    
  Expenses 
    
  Rental property operating expenses  .   Total rental property operating expenses increased by $0.1 million, or 1.3%, primarily due to an increase in real property taxes resulting from increased property values of our wholly-owned properties. 
    
  General and administrative expense  . Total general and administrative expenses decreased by an insignificant amount compared to the prior year period. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense  .   Total depreciation and amortization expenses decreased by $0.1 million, or 3.9%, primarily due to assets being fully depreciated at Davies Pacific Center. 
    
  Interest expense  .   Total interest expense increased by $0.2 million, or 3.0%, primarily due to increases in loan amortization fees related to the new loan attributable to Davies Pacific Center ($0.1 million), Pan Am Building ($0.1 million) and  
  
   31 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

Waterfront Plaza ($0.1 million) and an increase in accrued interest on the unsecured notes payable to current and former related parties ($0.1 million), partially offset by decreases in interest expense due to the lower interest rate of the new loan attributable to Davies Pacific Center ($0.1 million) and Waterfront Plaza ($0.1 million). 
    
  Equity in net income (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures 
    
  Equity in net income (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures decreased by $0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.  The decrease is primarily attributable to the sale of the Valencia Corporate Center property in September 2015. 
    
  Income from discontinued operations 
    
  For the three months ended September 30, 2015, discontinued operations reflect post-closing activities related to the sale of the Clifford Center property in January 2015.    
    
  Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to  
  the nine months ended September 30, 2015 (in thousands) 

Revenues 
    
  Rental revenue  . Total rental revenue increased by $0.2 million, or 1.5%, primarily due to a significant tenant at Waterfront Plaza who leased additional space since the prior year period ($0.1 million) and new leases at Waterfront Plaza in the current year period ($0.3 million), partially offset by a decrease in rental revenues at Pan Am Building attributable to a tenant who vacated its leased premises in the prior year period ($0.2 million). 
  
   32 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

Tenant reimbursements  .   Total tenant reimbursements increased by $0.2 million, or 2.0%, primarily due to an increase in tenant recoveries for common area maintenance expenses at Waterfront Plaza compared to the prior year period. 
    
  Parking revenue  .   Total parking revenue increased by $0.4 million, or 8.2%, primarily due to an increase in parking rates at Waterfront Plaza. 
    
  Other revenue  .   Total other revenue increased by an insignificant amount compared to the prior year period. 
    
  Expenses 
    
  Rental property operating expenses  .   Total rental property operating expenses decreased by $0.1 million, or 0.4%, primarily due to a decrease in electricity expenses at Waterfront Plaza compared to the prior year period. 
    
  General and administrative expense  . Total general and administrative expenses increased by an insignificant amount compared to the prior year period. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense  .   Total depreciation and amortization expenses decreased by $0.2 million, or 2.7%, primarily due to assets being fully depreciated at Davies Pacific Center. 
    
  Interest expense  .   Total interest expense increased by $0.3 million, or 2.0%, primarily due to increases in loan amortization fees related to the new loan attributable to Davies Pacific Center ($0.1 million), Pan Am Building ($0.1 million) and Waterfront Plaza ($0.1 million) and an increase in accrued interest on the unsecured notes payable to current and former related parties ($0.2 million), partially offset by decreases in interest expense due to the lower interest rate of the new loan attributable to Davies Pacific Center ($0.1 million) and Waterfront Plaza ($0.1 million). 
    
  Equity in net income (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures 
    
  Equity in net income (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures decreased by $0.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The decrease is primarily attributable to the sale of the Valencia Corporate Center property in September 2015. 
    
  Loss from discontinued operations before loss on sale of property 
    
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, discontinued operations reflect the net results of operations of the Clifford Center property prior to its sale in January 2015, as well as post-closing activities since the sale. 
    
  Loss on sale of property 
    
  We recognized a loss related to the sale of our Clifford Center property in January 2015.  
    
  Cash Flows 
    
  Net cash used in operating activities for the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.4 million compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $0.04 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily the result of an increase in funds deposited to our restricted cash reserve accounts for operating activities ($2.2 million), as compared to the prior year period, pursuant to certain provisions of our new mortgage loan agreement entered into in August 2016, partially offset by an increase in accounts payables ($0.9 million) as compared to the prior year period. 
    
  Net cash used in investing activities for the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $10.8 million compared to net cash provided by investing activities of $4.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily the result of net proceeds from the sale of our Clifford Center property in January 2015 ($8.4 million) and an increase in funds deposited to our restricted cash reserve accounts used for capital expenditures ($6.8 million), as  
  
   33 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

compared to the prior year period, pursuant to certain provisions of our new mortgage loan agreement entered into in August 2016. 
    
  Net cash provided by financing activities was $10.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net cash used in financing activities of $6.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to proceeds from the our new mortgage loan ($280.5 million) and borrowings from a related party ($3.0 million) in the current year period, partially offset by an increase in financing costs ($6.1 million) related to our new mortgage loan and repayments of our previous mortgage debt with the proceeds of the new loan ($259.7 million) compared to the prior year period.  
    
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to repay borrowings, fund and maintain our assets and operations, make distributions to our stockholders and other general business needs.  In order to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute to our stockholders, each calendar year, at least 90% of our REIT taxable income. As discussed further below, however, we did not declare dividends on our Class A Common Stock during fiscal 2015 and 2014, and we do not currently expect to declare dividends on our Class A Common Stock during fiscal 2016.  
    
  Our business is capital intensive and our ability to maintain our operations depends on our cash flow from operations and our ability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms. Our primary focus is to preserve and generate cash.   
    
  We expect to meet our short-term liquidity and capital requirements primarily through existing cash on hand, net cash provided by rental activities, distributions from joint ventures and/or asset dispositions. We expect to meet our long-term capital requirements through net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under our revolving credit facility (if available), refinancing of existing debt or through other available investment and financing activities, including the contribution of existing wholly-owned assets to joint ventures (partial sell-down of equity interests in wholly-owned assets), asset dispositions and/or additional secured or unsecured debt financings.  In January 2015, we completed the sale of our Clifford Center property, located in Honolulu, Hawaii, to an unaffiliated third party. The net proceeds from the sale of the Clifford Center property, after repaying the related mortgage loans and transaction-related expenses, were approximately $2.1 million.  
    
  In August 2016, we entered into (1) a new loan agreement, the proceeds of which were used to repay in full the existing mortgage loans that were scheduled to mature on various dates in 2016 and (2) a purchase and sale agreement to sell our Pan Am Building property, located in Honolulu, Hawaii. The completion of the sale transaction is scheduled to occur no later than August 13, 2018, but is not expected to occur prior to the first quarter of 2018. See Note 7 for more discussion on the new loan agreement and Note 11 for more discussion on the contemplated sale of our Pan Am Building.  
    
  In September 2016, we issued a promissory note in the principal amount of $3.0 million to Shidler Equities, L.P., a Hawaii limited partnership controlled by Mr. Shidler ( Shidler LP ), in consideration of a loan in that amount made by Shidler LP to the Operating Partnership. See Note 8 for more discussion on the new promissory note. 
    
  While we may be able to anticipate and plan for certain liquidity needs, there may be unexpected increases in uses of cash that are beyond our control and which would affect our financial condition and results of operations. For example, we may be required to comply with new laws or regulations that cause us to incur unanticipated capital expenditures for our properties, thereby increasing our liquidity needs. Even if there are no material changes to our anticipated liquidity requirements, our sources of liquidity may be fewer than, and the funds available from such sources may be less than, anticipated or needed. While we believe that access to future sources of significant cash will be challenging, we believe that we will have access to some of the liquidity sources identified above, and that those sources will be sufficient to meet our near-term liquidity needs. 

34 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

Actual and Potential Sources of Liquidity 
    
  Listed below are our actual and potential sources of liquidity in the near term: 

Unrestricted and restricted cash on hand; 
                
    Net cash flow generated from operations; 
                
    Distributions from joint ventures; and/or 
                
    Asset dispositions. 
       
  These sources are essential to our short-term liquidity and financial position, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully access them. If we are unable to generate adequate cash from these sources, we will have liquidity-related problems and may be exposed to significant risks. For a further discussion of such risks, see Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the updates to those risk factors described in Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. 
    
  Unrestricted and restricted cash on hand 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, we had $2.4 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents.  In addition, we had restricted cash balances of $13.1 million. A summary of our restricted cash reserves is as follows (in thousands): 

The leasing and capital expenditure, ground lease, tax, insurance and other working capital reserves and collateral accounts are held in restricted accounts by our lenders in accordance with the terms of our mortgage loan. These restricted cash accounts are expected to fund (1) anticipated leasing expenditures (primarily commissions and tenant improvement costs) for existing and prospective tenants, (2) non-recurring discretionary capital expenditures, (3) payments for properties subject to ground leases, (4) property taxes and insurance and (5) other obligations. We maintain our tenant security deposits in a separate account at our financial institution. 
    
  Net cash flow generated from operations 
    
  Our cash flows from operations depend significantly on market rents and the ability of our tenants to make rental payments. While we believe the diversity and high credit quality of our tenants help mitigate the risk of a significant interruption of our cash flows from operations, the challenging Honolulu office market conditions that we are continuing to experience, the potential for an increase in interest rates, or the possibility of a downturn or return to recessionary conditions could adversely impact our operating cash flows. Competition to attract and retain high credit-quality tenants remains intense. At the same time, a significant number of our leases at our properties are scheduled to expire over the next several years, and the capital requirements necessary to maintain our current occupancy levels, including payment of leasing commissions, tenant concessions, and anticipated leasing expenditures, could increase. As such, we will continue to closely monitor our tenant renewals, rental rates, competitive market conditions and our cash flows. 
    
  Distributions from joint ventures 
    
  We are currently partners with third parties in three joint ventures, holding two office properties comprising four buildings, and a sports club associated with one of the office properties. Distributions from our joint ventures depend significantly on our joint ventures  ability to generate positive cash flow from their rental operations or the sale of one or  
  
   35 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

more office properties or buildings held by our joint ventures. Our joint ventures  ability to successfully manage the operations or identify, negotiate and close sale transactions on acceptable terms or at all is uncertain. 
    
  Asset dispositions 
    
  In the near term or longer term, we may seek to raise additional capital by selling some or all of our existing wholly-owned assets, but we have a limited number of assets that could be sold to generate net cash proceeds and our ability to do so on acceptable terms or at all is highly uncertain. Moreover, a sale of any of our wholly-owned properties that would not provide continued tax deferral to POP Venture, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company controlled by Mr. Shidler, which we refer to as Venture, is contractually restricted until March 19, 2018.  These restrictions on the sale of such properties may prevent us from selling the properties or may adversely impact the terms available to us upon a disposition. In addition, we have agreed that, until March 19, 2018, we will not prepay or defease any mortgage indebtedness of such properties, other than in connection with a concurrent refinancing with non-recourse mortgage debt of an equal or greater amount and subject to certain other restrictions. Furthermore, if any such sale or defeasance is foreseeable, we are required to notify Venture and to cooperate with it in considering strategies to defer or mitigate the recognition of gain under the Code. These contractual obligations may limit our future operating flexibility and compel us to take actions or enter into transactions that we otherwise would not undertake. If we fail to comply with any of these requirements, we may be liable for a make-whole cash payment to Venture, the cost of which could be material and could adversely affect our liquidity. 
    
  As a result of the sale of our First Insurance Center property in June 2012, certain contract parties holding ownership interests in the contributor of First Insurance claimed they were entitled to a make-whole cash payment under tax protection agreements relating to the property. In February 2014, we issued subordinated promissory notes in the aggregate amount of $8.3 million in settlement of the majority of such claims, and paid cash settlements totaling approximately $0.4 million in settlement of the remainder of such claims. Each party receiving a promissory note or cash payment released us from any other claims under the tax protection agreements arising out of the sale of the First Insurance Center property and the foreclosure of our Sorrento Technology Center property in January 2012, as applicable.  See  Indebtedness - Subordinated Promissory Notes  below for additional information regarding the terms of these promissory notes. 
    
  In January 2015, we completed the sale of our fee and leasehold interests in our Clifford Center property, located in Honolulu, Hawaii, to an unaffiliated third party for aggregate consideration of $8.9 million.  No tax indemnity liability arose under the tax protection agreements in connection with this sale because the sale of the Clifford Center property resulted in a tax loss. 
    
  In August 2016, we entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement to sell our Pan Am Building property, located in Honolulu, Hawaii, to a third party buyer for cash consideration of $78.5 million. The completion of the sale transaction is scheduled to occur no later than August 13, 2018, but is not expected to occur prior to the first quarter of 2018. See Note 7 for more discussion on the new loan agreement and Note 11 for the contemplated sale of our Pan Am Building. 
    
  Actual and Potential Uses of Liquidity 
    
  The following are the actual and potential uses of our cash in the near term. There may be other uses of our cash that are unexpected (and that are not identified below): 

Property operating and corporate expenses; 
                
    Capital expenditures (including building and tenant improvements and leasing commissions); 
                
    Debt service and financing costs; and/or 
                
    Dividends or other distributions to stockholders and distributions to limited partners of our Operating Partnership. 
       
  Property operating and corporate expenses 
    
  We are focused on ensuring our properties are operating as efficiently as possible.  We have taken steps to identify opportunities to reduce discretionary operating costs wherever possible and at the same time maintaining the quality of our buildings and the integrity of our management services. We have no employees and rely upon our advisor to provide substantially all of our day-to-day management. We believe that Shidler Pacific Advisors can provide adequate personnel  
  
   36 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

resources, at lower cost to us, for our current and prospective business.  Effective January 1, 2015, Shidler Pacific Advisors agreed to reduce the corporate management fee payable by us from $0.21 million per quarter to $0.18 million per quarter. 
    
  Capital expenditures (including building and tenant improvements and leasing commissions) 
    
  Capital expenditures fluctuate in any given period, subject to the nature, extent and timing of improvements required to maintain our properties. Leasing costs also fluctuate in any given period, depending upon such factors as the type of property, the term of the lease, the type of lease and overall market conditions. Our costs for capital expenditures and leasing fall into two categories: (1) amounts that we are contractually obligated to spend and (2) discretionary amounts.  As of September 30, 2016, we had cash reserves of $7.7 million to fund capital expenditures and leasing costs, of which we were obligated to spend $2.1 million through 2017.   
    
  The following table summarizes tenant improvement and leasing commission costs related to new and renewed leases of our wholly-owned properties: 

___________________________ 
           (1) 
    Based on the negotiated tenant improvement cost budget at the time of lease execution, which may be incurred in a subsequent year and different than actual costs incurred. 
       
  Debt service and financing costs 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, our total consolidated debt (which includes our mortgage and other loans with a carrying value of $299.8 million and our unsecured promissory notes with a carrying value of $32.4 million) was $332.2 million, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.85% and a weighted average remaining term of 2.51 years.  See  Indebtedness  below for additional information with respect to our consolidated debt as of September 30, 2016. 
    
  In August 2016, we entered into a new loan agreement, the proceeds of which were used to repay in full the existing mortgage loans that were scheduled to mature on various dates in 2016. See Note 7 for more discussion on the new loan agreement.  
    
  In September 2016, we issued a promissory note in the principal amount of $3.0 million to Shidler LP in consideration of a loan in that amount made by Shidler LP to the Operating Partnership. See Note 8 for more discussion on the new promissory note. 
    
  Our revolving credit facility is scheduled to mature on December 31, 2016. We intend to work with the lender of our credit facility to extend the maturity date, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so. The maturity date of the promissory notes payable to certain current and former affiliates are also scheduled to mature on December 31, 2016 or, if later, the maturity date of our revolving credit facility, but in any event not later than December 31, 2017. 
    
  Dividends or other distributions to stockholders and distributions to limited partners of our Operating Partnership 
    
  Because we conduct substantially all of our operations through our Operating Partnership, our ability to pay dividends or other distributions (including liquidating distributions) to our stockholders depends almost entirely on distributions received on our interests in our Operating Partnership, the payment of which depends in turn on our ability to operate profitably and generate cash flow from our operations. Our ability to pay dividends or other distributions to holders of our Class A Common Stock depends on our Operating Partnership s ability first to satisfy its obligations to its creditors and  
  
   37 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

preferred unitholders (including us with respect to the outstanding Senior Common Units of our Operating Partnership, and then to the holder of the outstanding Preferred Units of our Operating Partnership) and then to make distributions to us with respect to our general partnership interest. Our Operating Partnership may not make distributions to the holders of its outstanding Common Units (including us with respect to our general partnership interest) unless full cumulative distributions have been paid on its outstanding Senior Common Units and Preferred Units, and we may not pay dividends on our Class A Common Stock unless full cumulative dividends have been paid on our outstanding Senior Common Stock. 
    
  We did not declare a dividend on our Class A Common Stock during 2015, and do not currently expect to declare a dividend on our Class A Common Stock in 2016.  Furthermore, our Operating Partnership did not pay a distribution with respect to its outstanding Preferred Units or Common Units during 2015, and does not expect to do so for 2016. As noted above, unless full cumulative distributions have been paid on the outstanding Senior Common Units and Preferred Units, our Operating Partnership may not pay a distribution on its outstanding Common Units (including us with respect to our general partnership interest), which effectively means that we will be unable to pay dividends or other distributions on our Class A Common Stock unless and until all cumulative dividends and distributions have been paid with respect to the Senior Common Stock and the Preferred Units. 
    
  For each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we paid an aggregate of $0.2 million, and for each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we paid an aggregate of  $0.7 million, in cash dividends to holders of our Senior Common Stock, representing an amount equal to half the dividends accruing for such periods at the stated annualized rate of 7.25% of the original issue price of $10.00 per share. Dividends declared for each month during such periods were paid on or about the 15   th    day of the following month. We believe that paying these dividends at less than the full stated annualized rate is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders as it preserves a greater amount of our cash in order to fund required leasing and capital improvements for our properties with the goal of maximizing the value of our properties. The difference between the stated dividend and the paid dividend on our outstanding shares of Senior Common Stock will accrue until paid in full, and amounted to $3.1 million in aggregate as of September 30, 2016. Our board of directors has authorized daily dividends on the Senior Common Stock at half the stated annualized rate through November 2016. 
    
  Amounts accumulated for distribution to stockholders and Operating Partnership unitholders are invested primarily in interest-bearing accounts which are consistent with our intention to maintain our qualification as a REIT.  At September 30, 2016, the cumulative unpaid distributions attributable to Preferred Units were $13.1 million, which we do not anticipate to pay in 2016. 
    
  We cannot provide any assurance as to when, or if, we will pay the accrued dividends on the Senior Common Stock or resume the payment of dividends at the full stated annualized rate, or if we will continue to pay dividends on the Senior Common Stock at half the stated annualized rate or at all. Any dividends or other distributions we pay in the future will depend upon our legal and contractual restrictions, including the provisions of the Senior Common Stock, as well as actual results of operations, economic conditions, debt service requirements and other factors. Our actual results of operations will be affected by a number of factors, including the revenue we receive from our properties, our operating expenses, interest expense, the ability of our tenants to meet their obligations and unanticipated expenditures. For a further discussion of such risks, see Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the updates to those risk factors described in Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. 

38 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

Indebtedness 
    
  Mortgage and Other Loans 
    
  The following table sets forth information relating to our borrowings with respect to our consolidated property loan and our revolving line of credit as of September 30, 2016:  

___________________________ 
           (1) 
    The loan is subject to monthly interest payments bearing interest at a floating rate per annum equal to the One-Month LIBOR Rate plus 4.5% and monthly partial principal payments based on the availability of cash after making required distributions for operating costs and reserves pursuant to a payment waterfall and other terms and conditions under the new loan agreement. The loan may be prepaid in whole prior to its maturity date, subject to a spread maintenance prepayment premium and by providing a 30-day prepayment notice and complying with certain prepayment conditions. As of September 30, 2016, the applicable One-Month LIBOR Rate was 0.519%. 
              (2) 
    Amounts borrowed under the revolving line of credit require monthly interest only payments at a fluctuating annual rate equal to the effective rate of interest paid by the lender on time certificates of deposit, plus 1.00% and a balloon principal payment at maturity. As of September 30, 2016, the effective rate of interest paid by the lender on time certificates of deposit was 0.10%. See  Revolving Line of Credit  below. 
       
  In August 2016, our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into a new loan agreement, the proceeds of which were used to repay in full the existing mortgage loans that were scheduled to mature at various dates commencing August 11, 2016 through November 11, 2016 and to fund leasing and capital expenditure reserves.  The new loan agreement contains customary covenants including, among other things, restrictions on the ability to incur additional indebtedness, transfer or dispose of assets, create liens and make certain investments. Our obligations under the new loan agreement are secured by mortgages on the leasehold and fee (as applicable) interests in all of our wholly-owned properties as well as assignments of all leases, rents, contracts, revenues, permits and service agreements with respect to the properties and ownership interests in all equity interests and accounts of the borrowers. The loan is non-recourse to our Operating Partnership, except for customary recourse carve-outs for borrower misconduct and environmental liabilities.  The recourse liability for borrower misconduct and environmental liabilities was guaranteed by Mr. Shidler. Our Operating Partnership has agreed to indemnify Mr. Shidler to the extent of his guaranty liability. 
    
  In connection with the new loan agreement, in August 2016, we entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement to sell our Pan Am Building property, located in Honolulu, Hawaii, to one of the lenders under the new loan agreement, for cash consideration of $78.5 million. The completion of the sale transaction is scheduled to occur no later than August 13, 2018, but is not expected to occur prior to the first quarter of 2018. In the event the sale of the Pan Am Building property does not close on or prior to August 13, 2018 due to a default by the buyer, we have the right to tender a deed to the Pan Am Building property to the other lenders under the new loan agreement, subject to the mortgage and the assignment of leases on the Pan Am Building property, in which case the principal amount of the new loan agreement would be reduced by $78.5 million. 
    
  Revolving Line of Credit  
    
  We are party to a Credit Agreement, referred to as the FHB Credit Facility, with First Hawaiian Bank, or the Lender, which provides us with a revolving line of credit in the maximum principal amount of $25.0 million and has a maturity date of December 31, 2016. Amounts borrowed under the FHB Credit Facility bear interest at a fluctuating annual rate equal to the effective rate of interest paid by the Lender on time certificates of deposit, plus 1.00%. We are permitted to use the proceeds of the line of credit for working capital and general corporate purposes, consistent with our real estate operations  
  
   39 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

and for such other purposes as the Lender may approve. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had outstanding borrowings of $25.0 million under the FHB Credit Facility.  
    
  As security for the FHB Credit Facility, as amended, Shidler LP has pledged to the Lender a certificate of deposit in the principal amount of $25.0 million.  As a condition to this pledge, the Operating Partnership and Shidler LP entered into an indemnification agreement pursuant to which the Operating Partnership agreed to indemnify Shidler LP from any losses, damages, costs and expenses incurred by Shidler LP in connection with the pledge.  In addition, to the extent that all or any portion of the certificate of deposit is withdrawn by the Lender and applied to the payment of principal, interest and/or charges under the FHB Credit Facility, the Operating Partnership agreed to pay to Shidler LP interest on the withdrawn amount at a rate of 7.00% per annum from the date of the withdrawal until the date of repayment in full by the Operating Partnership to Shidler LP.  Pursuant to this indemnification agreement, as amended, the Operating Partnership also agreed to pay to Shidler LP an annual fee of 2.00% of the entire $25.0 million principal amount of the certificate of deposit. 
    
  The FHB Credit Facility contains various customary covenants, including covenants relating to disclosure of financial and other information to the Lender, maintenance and performance of our material contracts, our maintenance of adequate insurance, payment of the Lender s fees and expenses, and other customary terms and conditions. 
    
  Subordinated Promissory Notes  
    
  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had promissory notes payable by the Operating Partnership to certain current and former affiliates in the aggregate outstanding principal amounts of $32.4 million and $29.4 million, respectively.   
    
  In 2008, we issued $21.1 million of promissory notes as consideration for having funded certain capital improvements prior to the completion of our formation transactions and upon the exercise of an option granted to us by Venture and its affiliates as part of our formation transactions in 2008.  The promissory notes accrue interest at a rate of 7%, per annum, with interest payable quarterly, subject to the Operating Partnership s right to defer the payment of interest for any or all periods until the date of maturity.  The promissory notes were originally scheduled to mature on various dates commencing on March 19, 2013 through August 31, 2013, but the Operating Partnership elected to extend the maturity for one additional year. The maturity date of the promissory notes has subsequently been extended to be coterminous with the maturity of the promissory note issued in September 2016 (as described below). 
    
  In February 2014, we issued to certain current and former affiliates additional promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of $8.3 million to settle claims under tax protection agreements relating to the sale of our First Insurance Center property in 2012.  See  Tax Protection Arrangements  in Note 9 for additional information.  These promissory notes accrue interest at a rate of 5% per annum, with interest payable quarterly, subject to the Operating Partnership s right to defer the payment of interest for any or all periods until the date of maturity, and were originally scheduled to mature on December 31, 2015. The maturity date of the promissory notes has subsequently been extended to be coterminous with the maturity of the promissory note issued in September 2016 (as described below). 
    
  In September 2016, we issued a promissory note in the principal amount of $3.0 million to Shidler LP in consideration of a loan in that amount made by Shidler LP to the Operating Partnership.  The promissory note accrues interest at a rate of 5% per annum, with interest payable quarterly, subject to the Operating Partnership s right to defer the payment of interest for any or all periods until the date of maturity. The stated maturity date for the promissory note is the earlier of (i) December 31, 2016 (or, if later, the maturity date of indebtedness under the Operating Partnership s credit facility with First Hawaiian Bank, but in any event not later than December 31, 2017) and (ii) the date on which the Operating Partnership has fully satisfied, or is released from, any liability under the Indemnification Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2009 (as subsequently amended), between the Operating Partnership and Shidler LP.  
    
  The maturity of the Operating Partnership s promissory notes will accelerate upon the occurrence of an underwritten public offering of at least $75 million of the Company s common stock, the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or the merger or consolidation of the Company with another entity, and specific to the promissory notes issued in February 2014, under certain circumstances in the event that the Operating Partnership has fully satisfied or is released from liability under its indemnification agreement with Shidler LP relating to the security pledged by Shidler LP in support of the FHB Credit Facility.  The promissory notes are unsecured obligations of the Operating Partnership and (except for  
  
   40 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

the September 2016 note) are subordinated to borrowings under the FHB Credit Facility and our indemnification obligations to Shidler LP in connection with its pledge in support of the FHB Credit Facility.  
    
  For the period from March 20, 2008 through September 30, 2016, interest payments on these promissory notes have been deferred with the exception of $0.3 million which was related to notes exchanged for shares of common stock in 2009.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $18.1 million and $15.6 million, respectively, of accrued interest attributable to these promissory notes is included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  The mortgage debt outstanding under our new loan agreement is non-recourse to our Operating Partnership, except for customary recourse carve-outs for borrower misconduct and environmental liabilities.  The recourse liability for borrower misconduct and environmental liabilities was guaranteed by Mr. Shidler.  Our Operating Partnership has agreed to indemnify Mr. Shidler to the extent of his guaranty liability. In management s judgment, it would be unlikely for us to incur any material liability under these indemnities that would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  Inflation  
    
  We are exposed to inflation risk, as income from long-term leases is the primary source of our cash flows from operations. Because the majority of our leases require tenants to pay most operating expenses, including real estate taxes, utilities, insurance, and increases in common area maintenance expenses, we do not believe our exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation is material. Furthermore, the majority of our existing leases contain contractual annual rental rate increases, which will at least partially offset the effect of inflation on our operating results. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
    
  Not required.  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
    
  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures - 
    
  As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, in connection with the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016, the end of the period covered by this report. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting - 
    
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

41 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
    
  We are not currently a party, as plaintiff or defendant, to any legal proceedings which, individually or in the aggregate, are expected by us to have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation if determined adversely to us.  

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
    
  Important factors that could cause our actual results to be materially different from the forward-looking statements include the risks factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in those reports. In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider those risk factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
    
  None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
    
  None.  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
    
  None. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

42 

Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 

43 

SIGNATURE 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

PACIFIC OFFICE PROPERTIES TRUST, INC. 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/  Lawrence J. Taff 

Lawrence J. Taff 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

44 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101loanagreement.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

LOAN AGREEMENT 
  Dated as of August 11 2016 
  By and Among 
  DAVIES PACIFIC, LLC, PAN AM I, LLC, PAN AM II, LLC, PAN AM III, LLC, PAN AM IV, LLC, WATERFRONT A, LLC, WATERFRONT B, LLC, WATERFRONT C, LLC, WATERFRONT D, LLC and WATERFRONT E, LLC  , each a Delaware limited liability company,       collectively, as Borrowers,  
  GOLDMAN SACHS SPECIALTY LENDING GROUP, L.P.  , a Delaware limited partnership,  as Agent, 
  and 
  DON QUIJOTE (USA) CO., LTD.  , a Hawaii corporation,  
  DON QUIJOTE HOLDINGS CO., LTD.  , a Japanese corporation, and 
  SPECIAL SITUATIONS INVESTING GROUP II, LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company, and 
  and any other lending institutions which may from time to time become a party hereto,      collectively, as Lenders 
      PROPERTIES: Davies Pacific Center, Pan Am Building and Waterfront Plaza, Honolulu, Hawaii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

i 

ii 

iii 

iv 

v 

vi 

Schedules and Exhibits 

Schedules: 

Schedule I   

Rent Rolls 
      Schedule II 

Required Repairs 
      Schedule III  

Organizational Chart 
      Schedule IV 

Exceptions to Representations and Warranties 
      Schedule V 

Definition of Special Purpose Bankruptcy Remote Entity 
      Schedule VI 

Intellectual Property/Websites 
      Schedule VII 

Ratable Share 
      Schedule VIII 

Allocated Loan Amounts 
      Schedule IX-A 

Initial Roll Over Deposit Leases 
      Schedule IX-B 

Initial Free Rent Deposit Leases 
      Schedule X 

Description of the Ground Lease 
      Schedule 3.1.30  

Major Contracts 
      Schedule 4.11 

Leasing Guidelines 

Exhibits: 

Exhibit A-1 

Davies Center Property Legal Description 
      Exhibit A-2 

Pan Am Property Legal Description 
      Exhibit A-3 

Waterfront Property Legal Description 
      Exhibit B 

Pan Am PSA 

vii 

LOAN AGREEMENT 
  THIS   LOAN AGREEMENT  , dated as of August 11, 2016 (as amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this    Agreement   ), by and among   SPECIAL SITUATIONS INVESTING GROUP II, LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company (   GS Lender   ), having an address at 200 West Street New York, New York 10282, and   DON QUIJOTE (USA) CO., LTD.  , a Hawaii corporation (   DQ Lender 1   ), having an address at 801 Kaheka Street, Honolulu, Hawaii 96814,   DON QUIJOTE HOLDINGS CO., LTD.  , a Japanese corporation (   DQ Lender 2   ), having an address at 2-19-10 Aobadai, Meguro-ku, Tokyo 153-0042 Japan (together with their respective successors and permitted assigns hereunder, including any Assignee (as defined herein) hereunder and such other co-lenders as may exist from time to time, each a    Lender    and collectively, the    Lenders   ),   GOLDMAN SACHS SPECIALTY LENDING GROUP, L.P.  , a Delaware limited partnership, as administrative agent (including any of its successors and assigns,    Agent   ) for itself and the other Lenders party hereto from time to time,   DAVIES PACIFIC, LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company (   Davies Center Borrower   ),   PAN AM I, LLC, PAN AM II, LLC, PAN AM III, LLC   and   PAN AM IV, LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company (collectively,    Pan Am Borrowers   ), and   WATERFRONT A, LLC, WATERFRONT B, LLC, WATERFRONT C, LLC, WATERFRONT D, LLC   and   WATERFRONT E, LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company (collectively,    Waterfront Borrowers   , and together with the Davies Center Borrower and Pan Am Borrowers, each a    Borrower    and collectively, together with their respective permitted successors and assigns,    Borrowers   ), each having an address at 841 Bishop Street, Suite 1700, Honolulu, Hawaii 96813. 
  All capitalized terms used herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in Article 1 hereof. 
  W I T N E S S E T H : 
  WHEREAS, Borrowers desire to obtain the Loan from Lenders; and 
  WHEREAS, Lenders are willing to make the Loan to Borrowers, subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants set forth in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree, represent and warrant as follows: 
  ARTICLE 1 
    
  DEFINITIONS; PRINCIPLES OF CONSTRUCTION 
    
  Section 1.1        Specific Definitions  . 
  For all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided: 
     A-2 LIBOR Spread    shall mean 1.70%. 
     Acceptable Blanket Policy    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 5.1.1(c)   hereof. 

Accounts    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 6.1   hereof. 
     Acknowledgment    shall mean the Acknowledgment, dated on or about the date hereof made by Counterparty, or as applicable, Approved Counterparty. 
     Adjusted Market Vacancy Rate    shall mean (a) in the case of the Davies Center Property, the market vacancy for the  downtown  submarket of Honolulu as determined by CBRE Econometric Advisors (  https://www.cbre-ea.com  ) and (b) in the case of the Waterfront Property, an amount equal to the vacancy factor determined under the immediately preceding clause (a),   minus   1.8%. 
     Adjusted Operating Income    shall mean (a) total annualized base rent as of the date of the determination based on in-place Leases with tenants who have taken occupancy, and have begun paying full, unabated rent (i.e. excluding tenants with free rent periods or discounted rent periods then in effect), and taking into account any contractual rent increases within the twelve (12) months following the date of such calculation, but excluding (i) any tenant that is in default under its Lease, (ii) tenants in bankruptcy that have not assumed their Leases, (iii) tenants with less than 120 days remaining under their Leases that have not exercised a renewal option within the applicable notice period, (iv) tenants that have given notice that they are vacating within the next 120 days and (v) month-to-month tenants, plus (b) without duplication, ancillary income (e.g. parking, tenant services, signage, etc.) for the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the date of determination; in each case adjusted to reflect Agent s determination of: (1) a vacancy factor for each Property equal to the greatest of (A) the Adjusted Market Vacancy Rate for such Property, (B) the actual vacancy rate at the relevant Property, and (C) five percent (5.0%) of the rentable area of such Property, (2) exclusion of amounts representing non-recurring items; and (3) such other adjustments deemed necessary by Agent based upon Agent s reasonable underwriting criteria.  Agent s calculation of Adjusted Operating Income shall be final absent manifest error.   
  Adjusted Operating Income shall not include (a) any Insurance Proceeds (other than business interruption and/or rental loss insurance proceeds and only to the extent allocable to the applicable reporting period), (b) any proceeds resulting from the Transfer of all or any portion of the Property owned by a Borrower, (c) any item of income paid directly by any Tenant to a Person other than a Borrower as an offset or deduction against Rent payable by such Tenant, provided such item of income is for payment of an item of expense (such as payments for utilities paid directly to a utility company) and such expense is otherwise excluded from the definition of  Operating Expenses  pursuant to   clause (6)   of the definition thereof, (d) security deposits received from Tenants until forfeited or applied, (e) any Lease Termination Payments, and (f) any amount recovered in a litigation proceeding.  
     Adjusted     Operating Expenses    shall mean all Operating Expenses, adjusted to reflect Agent s determination of (i) required deposits to the Rollover Account and the Capital Expense Reserve, and (ii) an adjustment so that property management fees are equal to the greater of three percent (3%) of Rents and the property management fees actually paid under the Management Agreement.  To the extent the period of determination of Adjusted Operating Expenses is less than one year and an Adjusted Operating Expense relates to an entire calendar year (e.g., real estate taxes), then, for purposes of determining the calculation of such Adjusted Operating Expense, the  
  
   2 

same shall be prorated for the relevant period of determination based on the total annual amount paid with respect thereto.  
     Affiliate    shall mean, as to any Person, any other Person that (i) owns directly or indirectly ten percent (10%) or more of all equity interests in such Person or is under common ownership, directly or indirectly, with ten percent (10%) or more of all equity interests of such Person, and/or (ii) is in direct and/or indirect control of, is directly and/or indirectly controlled by or is under common direct and/or indirect ownership or control with such Person, and/or (iii) is a direct or indirect director, officer, manager, trustee or agent of such Person or of an Affiliate of such Person, and/or (iv) is the spouse, issue or parent of such Person or of an Affiliate of such Person. 
     Agreement    shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
     ALTA    shall mean American Land Title Association, or any successor thereto. 
     Allocated Loan Amount    shall mean, with respect to each Property, the amount set forth with respect to such Property on   Schedule VIII  , as the same may be reduced pursuant to         Section 6.10   hereof.    
     Alteration Threshold    shall mean, with respect to each Property, one percent (1%) of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property. 
     Annual Budget    shall mean the operating and capital budget for each Property setting forth, on a month-by-month basis, in reasonable detail, each line item of Borrower s good faith estimate of anticipated Operating Income, Operating Expenses and Capital Expenditures for the applicable Fiscal Year. 
     Applicable Taxes    have the meaning specified in   Section 10.24   hereof. 
     Appraisal    shall mean, as of any date, a then-current  as-is  appraisal of a Property addressed to Agent by an appraiser selected by (or acceptable to) Agent, which appraisal shall be in compliance with the requirements of the Uniform Standard of Professional Appraisal Practice, or any successor thereto, and the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 (as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder) and paid for by Borrowers, and that is (i) dated not more than ninety (90) days prior to the date of anticipated the sale of any Property pursuant to   Section 2.5.1,   (ii) signed by a qualified, independent MAI appraiser selected or approved by Agent, (iii) addressed to Agent and its successors and assigns for the benefit of Lenders, and (iv) otherwise reasonably satisfactory to Agent in its reasonable discretion in all material respects.   
     Appraised Value    shall mean, the fair market value of each Property that will remain subject to the Lien of the Loan Documents (after giving effect to the release of a Property pursuant to   Section 2.5.1  , if applicable) reflected in an Appraisal. 
     Approved Annual Budget    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.9.5   hereof. 
     Approved Capital Expenditures    shall mean Capital Expenditures incurred by a Borrower for each Property owned by such Borrower and either for an amount that does not exceed $50,000  
  
   3 

per occurrence or $150,000 in the aggregate per Property per annum, or for an amount that is expressly (i) included in the Approved Annual Budget, or (ii) approved by Agent in writing. 
     Approved Counterparty    shall mean a bank or other financial institution which has (a) a long-term unsecured debt rating of  A  or higher by S  and (b) a long-term unsecured debt rating of not less than  A2  by Moody s. 
     Approved Extraordinary Operating Expense    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.9.6   hereof. 
     Approved Leasing Expenses    shall mean actual out-of-pocket expenses incurred by a Borrower in leasing space at the Property owned by such  Borrower pursuant to Leases entered into in accordance with the Loan Documents, including brokerage commissions and tenant improvements, which expenses (i) are (A) specifically approved by Agent in connection with approving the applicable Lease, (B) incurred in the ordinary course of business and on market terms and conditions in connection with Leases that do not require Agent s approval under the Loan Documents (provided that the expenses incurred pursuant to this   clause (B)   shall not exceed the amounts set forth in the Leasing Guidelines), or (C) otherwise approved by Agent, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, and (ii) are substantiated by executed Lease documents, brokerage agreements and such other bills and receipts that may be reasonably requested by Agent. 
     Approved Monthly BI Expenses    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 5.4(f  ) hereof. 
     Approved Replacement Guarantor    shall mean a Person (i) that satisfies the conditions set forth in clauses (x) and (y) of the definition of  Qualified Transferee , (ii) is formed in, maintains its principal place of business in, and is subject to service in the United States, (iii) has all or substantially all of its assets in the United States or Canada, (iv) whose identity, experience, financial condition and creditworthiness, including net worth and liquidity, is acceptable to Agent in Agent s reasonable discretion, and (v) who Controls Borrowers and owns a direct or indirect interest in Borrowers in an amount reasonably acceptable to Agent.   
     Assignment of Agreements    shall mean that certain Assignment of Agreements, Licenses, Permits and Contracts, dated as of the date hereof, from Borrowers, as assignor, to Agent (on behalf of Lenders), as assignee. 
     Assignment of Leases    shall mean that certain first priority Assignment of Leases and Rents, dated as of the date hereof, from Borrowers, as assignor, to Agent (on behalf of Lenders), as assignee. 
     Assignment of Management Agreement    shall mean that certain Assignment of Management Agreement and Subordination of Management Fees dated as of the date hereof among Borrowers, Manager and Agent (on behalf of Lenders). 
     Available Cash    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 6.10.1   hereof. 
     Award    shall mean any compensation paid by any Governmental Authority in connection with a Condemnation in respect to all or any part of a Property. 
  
   4 

Bankruptcy Code    shall mean Title 11 of the United States Code entitled  Bankruptcy , as amended from time to time, and any successor statute or statutes and all rules and regulations from time to time promulgated thereunder, and any comparable foreign laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or creditors  rights. 
     Borrower    shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
     Borrower Operating Account    shall mean the separate operating account at First Hawaiian Bank for each of Davies Center Borrower, Pan Am Borrower and Waterfront Borrower for each Property  . 
     Borrower Party    shall mean each of Borrowers, Sole Member and Guarantor. 
     Borrower Related Party    means, collectively and individually, any Borrower Party and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, and any officer, director, manager, agent, employee or immediate family member of the foregoing, and any Person acting at the direction of any of the foregoing; provided, however, that for the purposes of   Section 10.1.5   hereof, no Person that is a Borrower Related Party solely due to its direct or indirect ownership of ten percent (10%) or more of equity interests in any Borrower Party shall be considered a Borrower Related Party. 
     Breakage Costs    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 2.2.5   hereof. 
     Broker    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 10.19   hereof. 
     Business Day    shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which national banks in New York, New York, Honolulu, Hawaii or Tokyo, Japan are not open for business.  For the avoidance of doubt, Monday through Friday in Honolulu, Hawaii shall be Business Days, unless otherwise excluded due to a holiday when national banks are not open for business in New York, New York or Tokyo, Japan.   
     Calculation Date    shall mean the last day of each calendar quarter during the Term. 
     Capital Expenditures    for any period shall mean amounts expended for replacements and alterations to any Property (excluding tenant improvements) and required to be capitalized according to GAAP. 
     Capital Expenditure Account    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 6.7.1   hereof. 
     Capital Expenditure Funds    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 6.7.1   hereof. 
     Cash Collateral Account    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 6.9   hereof. 
     Cash Collateral Funds    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 6.9   hereof. 
     Cash Flow Sweep Period    shall commence upon the occurrence of (i) an Event of Default or (ii) the commencement of a Low Debt Yield Period; and shall end if, (A) with respect to a Cash Flow Sweep Period continuing pursuant to   clause (i)  , the Event of Default commencing the Cash Flow Sweep Period has been cured and such cure has been accepted by Agent (and no other Event  
  
   5 

of Default is then continuing) or (B) with respect to a Cash Flow Sweep Period continuing due to   clause (ii)  , the Low Debt Yield Period has ended pursuant to the terms hereof. 
     Cash Management Accounts    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 6.11   hereof. 
     Cash Management Agreement    shall mean that certain Cash Management Agreement of even date herewith among Agent (on behalf of Lenders), Borrowers, and Deposit Bank. 
     Casualty    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 5.2   hereof. 
     Casualty and Condemnation Account    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 6.8   hereof. 
     Casualty and Condemnation Funds    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 6.8   hereof. 
     Casualty Consultant    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 5.4(b)(iii)   hereof. 
     Casualty Retainage    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 5.4(b)(iv)   hereof. 
     Clearing Account    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 6.1   hereof. 
     Clearing Account Agreement    shall mean that certain Clearing Account Agreement dated the date hereof by and among Borrowers, Agent (on behalf of Lenders) and First Hawaiian Bank. 
     Clearing Bank    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 6.1   hereof. 
     Closing Date    shall mean the date of the date of this Agreement. 
     Co-Lender Agreement    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 11.14   hereof. 
     Code    shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and as it may be further amended from time to time, any successor statutes thereto, and applicable U.S. Department of Treasury regulations issued pursuant thereto in temporary or final form. 
     Collateral    shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Pledge Agreement. 
     Condemnation    shall mean a temporary or permanent taking by any Governmental Authority as the result or in lieu or in anticipation of the exercise of the right of condemnation or eminent domain, of all or any part of any Property, or any interest therein or right accruing thereto, including any right of access thereto or any change of grade affecting any Property or any part thereof. 
     Condemnation Proceeds    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 5.4(b)   hereof. 
     Control    shall mean, with respect to any Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, including, without limitation, having  
  
   6 

approval or consent rights over the actions or conduct of a Person, and the terms Controlled, Controlling and Common Control shall have correlative meanings. 
     Control Transfer    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 4.2(d)(xi)   hereof. 
     Control Transferee    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 4.2(d)(xi)   hereof. 
     Counterparty    shall mean, with respect to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, [______________] and with respect to any Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement, any Approved Counterparty thereunder. 
     Counterparty Opinion    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 2.6.3(g)   hereof. 
     Davies Center Borrower    shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
     Davies Center Property    shall mean the parcel of real property described on   Exhibit A-1   attached hereto and made a part hereof, the Improvements now or hereafter erected or installed thereon and all personal property owned by Davies Center Borrower and encumbered by the Mortgage, together with all rights pertaining to such property and Improvements, all as more particularly described in the granting clauses of the Mortgage.   
     Debt    shall mean the Outstanding Principal Balance together with all interest accrued and unpaid thereon and all other sums (including, if applicable, Spread Maintenance Premium) due to Agent or Lenders from time to time in respect of the Loan under the Notes, this Agreement, the Mortgage, the Environmental Indemnity or any other Loan Document. 
     Debt Service    shall mean, with respect to any particular period, the amount of interest due pursuant to and in accordance with this Agreement with respect to such particular period. 
     Debt Service Coverage Ratio    shall mean, a ratio, as reasonably determined by Agent in which:  
  (a)    the numerator is the Net Operating Income of the Properties; and 
  (b)    the denominator is the annual Debt Service. 
     Debt Yield    shall mean, as of any date, the percentage calculated by Agent     equal to the quotient, stated as a percentage, obtained by dividing (i) the Net Operating Income of the Davies Center Property and the Waterfront Property by (ii) the aggregate of the Allocated Loan Amounts for such Properties, in the case of each of   clauses (i)   and   (ii)  , to the extent that the relevant Property remains subject to the Lien of the Loan Documents.  Each determination by Agent of the Debt Yield shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
     Default    shall mean the occurrence of any event hereunder or under any other Loan Document which, but for the giving of notice or passage of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 
  
   7 

Default Rate    shall mean, with respect to the Loan, a rate per annum equal to the lesser of (i) the Maximum Legal Rate or (ii) five percent (5%) above the Interest Rate. 
     Deposit Account    shall mean an Eligible Account at the Deposit Bank. 
     Deposit Bank    shall mean the bank or banks selected by Agent to maintain the Deposit Account.  Agent may in its sole discretion change the Deposit Bank from time to time. 
     Easements    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 3.1.11   hereof. 
     Eligible Account    shall mean a separate and identifiable account from all other funds held by the holding institution that is either (i) an account or accounts (or subaccounts thereof) maintained with a federal or state-chartered depository institution or trust company which complies with the definition of Eligible Institution or (ii) a segregated trust account or accounts (or subaccounts thereof) maintained with the corporate trust department of a federal depository institution or state chartered depository institution subject to regulations regarding fiduciary funds on deposit similar to Title 12 of the Code of Federal Regulations  9.10(b), having in either case corporate trust powers, acting in its fiduciary capacity, and a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000, subject to supervision or examination by federal and state authorities and having a long-term unsecured debt rating of  BBB-  or higher by S P and  A2  or higher by Moody s and a short-term unsecured debt rating of  A-1  or higher by S P and  P-1  or higher by Moody s.  An Eligible Account will not be evidenced by a certificate of deposit, passbook or other instrument. 
     Eligible Institution    shall mean a depository institution or trust company insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation the short term unsecured debt obligations or commercial paper of which are rated at least  A-1  by S P,  P-1  by Moody s and  F-1  by Fitch (and the long term unsecured debt obligations of such depository institution are rated at least  A  by Fitch) in the case of accounts in which funds are held for thirty (30) days or less or, in the case of accounts in which funds are held for more than thirty (30) days, the long term unsecured debt obligations of which are rated at least (i)  A  by S P, (ii)  A  by Fitch (and the short term deposits or short term unsecured debt obligations or commercial paper of such depository institution are rated no less than  F1  by Fitch), and (iii)  A2  by Moody s, or in the case of Letters of Credit, the long term unsecured debt obligations of which are rated at least (i)  A+  by S P, (ii)  A+  by Fitch (and the short term deposits or short term unsecured debt obligations or commercial paper of such depository institution are rated no less than  F1  by Fitch) and (iii)  A1  by Moody  provided, however, for purposes of the Deposit Bank, the definition of Eligible Institution shall have the meaning set forth in the Cash Management Agreement. 
     Embargoed Person    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.32(c)   hereof. 
     Environmental Indemnity    shall mean that certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement dated as of the date hereof executed by Borrowers and Guarantor in connection with the Loan for the benefit of Agent (on behalf of Lenders). 
     Equipment    shall have the meaning specified in the Mortgage. 
     Equity Collateral Enforcement Action    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 10.1.4(xii)   hereof. 
  
   8 

Equity Collateral Transfer Date    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 10.1.4(xii)   hereof. 
     ERISA    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.31   hereof. 
     ERISA Affiliate    shall mean any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is a member of the same controlled group of corporations or group of trades or businesses under common control with any Borrower or the Guarantor, or is treated as a single employer together with any Borrower or the Guarantor under Section 414 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA. 
     Event of Default    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 8.1   hereof. 
     Existing Loans    shall mean the existing loans secured by mortgages on the Properties that will be repaid on the Closing Date with the proceeds of the Loan. 
     Extension Fee    shall mean a non-refundable fee equal to (i) 0.25% of the Outstanding Principal Balance in connection with Borrowers  exercise of the First Extension Option and payable simultaneously with Borrowers  exercise of the First Extension Option, and (ii) 0.25% of the Outstanding Principal Balance in connection with Borrowers  exercise of the Second Extension Option and payable simultaneously with Borrowers  exercise of the Second Extension Option. 
     Extension Option    shall mean the First Extension Option or the Second Extension Option, as applicable. 
     Extraordinary Operating Expense    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.9.6   hereof. 
     First Extended Maturity Date    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 2.7.1   hereof. 
     First Extension Notice    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 2.7.1   hereof. 
     First Extension Option    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 2.7.1   hereof. 
     Fiscal Year    shall mean each twelve (12) month period commencing on January 1 and ending on December 31 during each year of the Term. 
     Fitch    shall mean Fitch, Inc. 
     GAAP    shall mean generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions of comparable stature and authority within the accounting profession), or in such other statements by such entity as may be in general use by significant segments of the U.S. accounting profession. 
     Government Lists    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.32(b)   hereof. 
  
   9 

Governmental Authority    shall mean any court, board, agency, commission, office or authority of any nature whatsoever of any governmental unit (federal, state, commonwealth, county, district, municipal, city or otherwise) whether now or hereafter in existence. 
     Gross Revenue    shall mean all revenue or other proceeds, derived from the ownership, operation, financing or sale of the Properties that are subject to the Lien of the Loan Documents or any portion thereof from whatever source (including, without limitation, Rents and any revenue or proceeds received by any Borrower Related Party relating to the Properties),  and any amounts received by any Borrower or any Borrower Related Party as a result of any litigation or other legal, administrative or other proceeding (net of reasonable costs and expenses incurred by such Borrower or such Borrower Related Party in accordance herewith in recovering such amounts); provided, however, Gross Revenue shall not include any Awards or Insurance Proceeds or disbursements of any Reserve Funds from the Accounts. 
     Ground Lease    shall mean that certain     ground lease more particularly described on   Schedule X   attached hereto and made a part hereof as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.    
     Ground Lease Borrower    shall mean the Waterfront Borrowers. 
     Ground Rent    shall mean any rent, additional rent or other charge payable by the tenant under the Ground Lease.  
    
     Ground Rent Account    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 6.5.1   hereof. 
     Ground Rent Funds    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 6.5.1   hereof. 
     Guarantor    shall mean Jay H. Shidler, a natural person, together with any other Person that now or hereafter guarantees any of Borrowers  obligations under any Loan Document. 
     Guaranty    shall mean that certain Guaranty of Recourse Obligations of even date herewith from Guarantor for the benefit of Agent (on behalf of Lenders). 
     Improvements    shall have the meaning specified in the Mortgage. 
     Increased Costs    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 2.9.1   hereof. 
     Indebtedness    shall mean, for any Person, at a particular date, means the sum (without duplication) at such date of (a) all indebtedness or liability of such Person (including, without limitation, amounts for borrowed money and indebtedness in the form of mezzanine debt or preferred equity); (b) obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments; (c) obligations for the deferred purchase price of property or services (including trade obligations); (d) reimbursement obligations under letters of credit; (e) all guaranties, endorsements (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business) and other contingent obligations to purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds, to invest in any Person or entity, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss (including any mandatory redemption of shares or interests); (f) all obligations under leases that constitute capital leases for which such Person is liable; (g) all  
  
   10 

obligations of such Person under interest rate swaps, caps, floors, collars and other interest hedge agreements, in each case for which such Person is liable or its assets are liable, whether such Person (or its assets) is liable contingently or otherwise, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, or in respect of which obligations such Person otherwise assures a creditor against loss; (h) any other contractual obligations for the payment of money which are not settled within thirty (30) days, and (i) obligations secured by any Liens, whether or not the obligations have been assumed (other than the Permitted Encumbrances). 
     Indemnified Liabilities    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.30   hereof. 
     Indemnified Party    and  Indemnified Parties  shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.30   hereof. 
     Independent    shall mean, when used with respect to any Person, a Person who:  (i) does not have any direct financial interest or any material indirect financial interest in any Borrower or in any Affiliate of any Borrower, (ii) is not connected with any Borrower or any Affiliate of any Borrower as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner, member, manager, creditor, director, supplier, customer or person performing similar functions and (iii) is not a member of the immediate family of a Person defined in (i) or (ii) above. 
     Independent Accountant    shall mean (i) a firm of nationally recognized, certified public accountants which is Independent and which is selected by Borrowers and reasonably acceptable to Agent or (ii) such other certified public accountant(s) selected by Borrowers, which is Independent and reasonably acceptable to Agent. 
     Initial Interest Period    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 2.3.1   hereof. 
     Initial Free Rent Deposit    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 6.6.1   hereof. 
     Initial Rollover Deposit    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 6.6.1   hereof. 
     Insolvency Opinion    shall mean that certain bankruptcy non-consolidation opinion letter dated the date hereof delivered by Richards, Layton   Finger, P.A., in connection with the Loan. 
     Insurance Account    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 6.4.1   hereof. 
     Insurance Funds    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 6.4.1   hereof. 
     Insurance Premiums    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 5.1.1(b  ) hereof. 
     Insurance Proceeds    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 5.4(b)   hereof. 
     Intellectual Property    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 3.1.33   hereof. 
     Interest Determination Date    shall mean, (A) with respect to the Initial Interest Period, the date that is two (2) Business Days before the Closing Date and (B) with respect to any other Interest Period, the date which is two (2) Business Days prior to each Monthly Payment Date.  When  
  
   11 

used with respect to an Interest Determination Date, Business Day shall mean any day on which banks are open for dealing in foreign currency and exchange in London. 
     Interest Period    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 2.3.2   hereof. 
     Interest Rate    shall mean, with respect to each Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (i) for a LIBOR Loan, the sum of (a) the greater of LIBOR, determined as of the Interest Determination Date immediately preceding the commencement of such Interest Period and the LIBOR Floor, plus (b) the Spread (or, when applicable pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the Default Rate); and (ii) for a Prime Rate Loan, the sum of (a) the greater of the Prime Rate and the Prime Rate Floor, plus (b) the Prime Rate Spread (or, when applicable pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the applicable Default Rate). 
     Interest Rate Cap Agreement    shall mean the Confirmation and Agreement (together with the confirmation and schedules relating thereto), dated on or about the date hereof, between the Counterparty and Borrowers, obtained by Borrowers and collaterally assigned to Agent (on behalf of Lenders) pursuant to this Agreement.  After delivery of a Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement to Agent (on behalf of Lenders), the term Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be deemed to mean such Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement.  The Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York and shall contain each of the following: 
  (a)        the notional amount of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be equal to the maximum principal amount of the Loan; 
  (b)        the remaining term of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall at all times extend (i) through the end of the Interest Period in which the second (2   nd   ) anniversary of the Closing Date occurs, and (ii) thereafter, through the end of the Interest Period in which the Maturity Date occurs as extended from time to time pursuant to this Agreement and the Loan Documents; 
  (c)        the Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be issued by the Counterparty to Borrowers and shall be pledged to Agent (on behalf of Lenders) by Borrowers in accordance with this Agreement; 
  (d)        the Counterparty under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be obligated to make a stream of payments, directly to the Clearing Account (whether or not an Event of Default has occurred) from time to time equal to the product of (i) the notional amount of such Interest Rate Cap Agreement multiplied by (ii) the excess, if any, of LIBOR (including any upward rounding under the definition of LIBOR) over the Strike Price and shall provide that such payment shall be made on a monthly basis in each case not later than (after giving effect to and assuming the passage of any cure period afforded to such Counterparty under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, which cure period shall not in any event be more than three Business Days) each Monthly Payment Date; 
  (e)        the Counterparty under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall execute and deliver the Acknowledgment; and 
  
   12 

(f)        the Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall impose no material obligation on the beneficiary thereof (after payment of the acquisition cost) and shall be in all material respects satisfactory in form and substance to Agent. 
     Lease    shall mean any lease, sublease or sub-sublease, letting, license, concession or other agreement (whether written or oral and whether now or hereafter in effect) pursuant to which any Person is granted a possessory interest in, or right to use or occupy, all or any portion of any space in any Property, and every modification, amendment or other agreement (whether written or oral and whether now or hereafter in effect) relating to such lease, sublease, sub-sublease or other agreement entered into in connection with such lease, sublease, sub-sublease or other agreement, and every guarantee of the performance and observance of the covenants, conditions and agreements to be performed and observed by the other party thereto, whether before or after the filing by or against any Borrower of any petition for relief under the Bankruptcy Code.  
     Lease Alterations    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.12.2   hereof. 
     Lease Termination Payments    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 6.6.1(b)(i)   hereof. 
     Legal Requirements    shall mean all federal, state, county, municipal and other governmental statutes, laws, rules, orders, regulations, ordinances, judgments, decrees and injunctions of Governmental Authorities affecting the Loan, any Secondary Market Transaction with respect to the Loan, any Borrower Party, any Property, the Collateral or any part thereof or the construction, use, alteration or operation thereof, or any part thereof, whether now or hereafter enacted and in force, including, without limitation, the rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, zoning and land use laws, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, and all permits, licenses and authorizations and regulations relating thereto, and all covenants, agreements, restrictions and encumbrances contained in any instruments, either of record or known to any Borrower, at any time in force affecting any Property or any part thereof, including any which may (i) require repairs, modifications or alterations in or to any Property or any part thereof, or (ii) in any way limit the use and enjoyment thereof. 
     Lenders    shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
     Letter of Credit    shall mean an irrevocable, unconditional, transferable (without payment of any transfer fee), clean sight draft letter of credit naming any Borrower as applicant acceptable to Agent (either an evergreen letter of credit or one which does not expire until at least thirty (30) Business Days after the Maturity Date (as extended from time to time in accordance with this Agreement and the Loan Documents)) in favor of Agent (on behalf of Lenders) and entitling Agent to draw thereon in New York, New York, issued by a domestic Eligible Institution or the U.S. agency or branch of a foreign Eligible Institution.  If at any time the bank issuing any such Letter of Credit shall cease to be an Eligible Institution, Agent shall have the right immediately to draw down the same in full and hold the proceeds of such draw in accordance with the applicable provisions hereof. 
     LIBOR    shall mean, with respect to each Interest Period and each Interest Determination Date, the rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/1,000 of 1%) calculated by the Agent as set forth below: 
  
   13 

(a) The rate for deposits in U.S. Dollars for a one-month period that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or its equivalent) as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on such Interest Determination Date.   
  (b) If such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or its equivalent) as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on the applicable Interest Determination Date, the Agent shall request the principal London office of any four major reference banks in the London interbank market selected by the Agent to provide such reference bank s offered quotation to prime banks in the London interbank market for deposits in United States dollars for a one month period as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on such Interest Determination Date in a principal amount of not less than $1,000,000 that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.  If at least two such offered quotations are so provided, LIBOR shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations.  If fewer than two such quotations are so provided, the Agent shall request any three major banks in New York City selected by the Agent to provide such bank s rates for loans in U.S. Dollars to leading European banks for a one-month period as of 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such Interest Determination Date in a principal amount not less than $1,000,000 that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, and if at least two such rates are so provided, LIBOR shall be the arithmetic mean of such rates.   
     LIBOR Floor    shall mean 0.5039%.  
     LIBOR Loan    shall mean the Loan at such time as interest thereon accrues at a rate of interest based upon LIBOR.  
     Licenses    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 3.1.9   hereto. 
     Lien    shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, lien (statutory or otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, easement, restrictive covenant, preference, assignment, security interest or any other encumbrance, charge or transfer of, or any agreement to enter into or create any of the foregoing, on or affecting any Borrower, all or any portion of any Property or any interest therein, all or any portion of the Collateral or any interest therein, or any direct or indirect interest in any Borrower, including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, the filing of any financing statement, and mechanic s, materialmen s and other similar liens and encumbrances. 
     Loan    shall mean the loan in the maximum principal amount of Two Hundred Eighty Million Five Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($280,500,000.00) made by Lenders to Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement. 
     Loan Documents    shall mean, collectively, this Agreement, the Notes, the Mortgage, the Assignment of Leases, the Cash Management Agreement, the Clearing Account Agreement, the Assignment of Agreements, the Environmental Indemnity, the Assignment of Management Agreement the Guaranty, the Pledge Agreement, the Pledge Agreement Guaranty, and any other documents, agreements and instruments now or hereafter evidencing or securing the Loan, as the same may be (and each of the foregoing defined terms shall refer to such documents as they may be) amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
  
   14 

Loan to Value Ratio    shall mean the ratio, as of a particular date, in which (i) the numerator is equal to the sum of the Allocated Loan Amounts for the Davies Center Property and the Waterfront Property, and (ii) the denominator is equal to the then-current value of such Properties (which shall be the Appraised Value within ninety (90) days of the date of any Appraisal), in the case of each of   clauses (i)   and   (ii)  , to the extent that the relevant Property remains subject to the Lien of the Loan Documents, as determined by Agent in its sole discretion. 
     Low Debt Yield Period    shall commence (i) if prior to the Stated Maturity Date, as of any Calculation Date, the Debt Yield is less than 7.25% and shall end if the Properties have achieved a Debt Yield of at least 7.25% for two consecutive Calculation Dates, as determined by Agent, and (ii) if, from and after the Stated Maturity Date, as of any Calculation Date, the Debt Yield is less than 8.00% and shall end if the Properties have achieved a Debt Yield of at least 8.00% for two consecutive Calculation Dates, as determined by Agent.  
     LTV Percentage    shall mean the ratio calculated by Agent (expressed as a percentage) of (i) the sum of the Allocated Loan Amounts for the Davies Center Property and the Waterfront Property of the Loan to (ii) the Appraised Value of such Properties after giving effect to the release of the Property in question, in the case of each of   clauses (i)   and   (ii)  , to the extent that the relevant Property remains subject to the Lien of the Loan Documents. 
     Major Contract    shall mean (i) any management, brokerage or leasing agreement, (ii) any cleaning, maintenance, service or other contract or agreement of any kind (other than Leases) of a material nature (materiality for these purposes to include, without limitation, contracts which extend beyond one year (unless cancelable on thirty (30) days or less notice without requiring the payment of termination fees or payments of any kind)), (iii) any contract or agreement which is, when aggregated with all other contracts and agreements with such Person and their Affiliates, for an aggregate contract price equal to or greater than $250,000.00, (iv) any contract or agreement relating to environmental remediation or other environmental matters, or (vi) any contract or agreement with a Borrower Related Party, in any case, whether written or oral. 
     Major Lease    shall mean any Lease which, either individually, or when taken together with any other Lease with the same tenant or its Affiliates, and assuming the exercise of all expansion rights and all preferential rights to lease additional space contained in such Lease, (i) covers more than 10,000 rentable square feet (ii) contains an option or other preferential right to purchase all or any portion of any Property, (iii) is with an Affiliate of any Borrower as Tenant, or (iv) is entered into during the continuance of a Cash Flow Sweep Period. 
     Management Agreement    shall mean the management agreements entered into by and between Borrowers and the current Manager or any replacement management agreement entered into by and between Borrowers and a Manager in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, in each case, pursuant to which the Manager is to provide management and other services with respect to the Properties. 
     Manager    shall mean Shidler Hawaii Investment Partners, LLC, a Hawaii limited liability company, or any other manager engaged in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents.  
  
   15 

Material Alteration    shall mean (a) any alteration affecting structural elements of the Improvements, utility or HVAC system contained in any Improvements or the exterior of any Property and/or (b) any alteration the cost of which (together with all related alterations) exceeds the Alteration Threshold; provided, however, that in no event shall any of the following constitute Material Alterations: (i) any Required Repairs, (ii) any tenant improvement work performed pursuant to any Lease existing on the date hereof or entered into hereafter in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, or (iii) alterations performed as part of a Restoration in accordance herewith. 
     Maturity Date    shall mean the Stated Maturity Date, provided that (a) in the event of the exercise by Borrowers of the First Extension Option pursuant to   Section 2.7.1  , the Maturity Date shall be the First Extended Maturity Date, and (b) in the event of the exercise by Borrowers of the Second Extension Option pursuant to   Section 2.7.1  , the Maturity Date shall be the Second Extended Maturity Date, or such earlier date on which the final payment of principal of the Notes becomes due and payable as herein or therein provided, whether at the Stated Maturity Date, by declaration of acceleration, or otherwise. 
     Maximum Legal Rate    shall mean the maximum nonusurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received on the indebtedness evidenced by the Notes and as provided for herein or the other Loan Documents, under the laws of such Governmental Authority whose laws are held by any court of competent jurisdiction to govern the interest rate provisions of the Loan. 
     Monthly Debt Service Payment Amount    shall mean on each Monthly Payment Date through and including the Maturity Date, an amount equal to the interest accruing on the Outstanding Principal Balance at the Interest Rate (or at the Default Rate, as applicable) for the immediately preceding Interest Period, which interest shall be calculated in accordance with   Section 2.2   hereof. 
     Monthly Operating Expense Budgeted Amount    shall mean the monthly amount set forth in the Approved Annual Budget for Operating Expenses for the calendar month in which such Monthly Payment Date occurs. 
     Monthly Payment Date    shall mean the tenth (10   th   ) day of every calendar month occurring during the Term.  The first Monthly Payment Date shall be September 10, 2016. 
     Moody s    shall mean Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
     Mortgage    shall mean, collectively, the Pan Am/Davies Center Mortgage and the Waterfront Mortgage. 
     Net Operating Income    shall mean (i) Adjusted Operating Income, less (ii) Adjusted Operating Expenses. 
     Net Proceeds    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 5.4(b)   hereto. 
     Net Proceeds Deficiency    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 5.4(b)(vi)   hereto. 
  
   16 

Net Sales Proceeds    shall mean, with respect to the sale of any Property, the gross proceeds of such sale less all reasonable and customary third-party transaction costs approved by Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that in no event shall Net Sales Proceeds be less than ninety-five percent (95%) of the gross proceeds of any such sale).  
     New Pan Am Borrower    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.2(d)(viii)   hereto. 
     New Pan Am Sole Member    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.2(d)(viii)   hereto. 
     New Pan Am SPE    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.2(d)(viii)   hereto. 
     New Waterfront Borrower    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.2(d)(ix)   hereto. 
     New Waterfront Sole Member    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.2(d)(ix)   hereto. 
     New Waterfront SPE    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.2(d)(ix)   hereto. 
     Note A-1     Interest Rate    shall mean 0.8% per annum. 
     Note A-2     Interest Rate    shall mean, with respect to each Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (i) for a LIBOR Loan, the sum of (a) the greater of LIBOR, determined as of the Interest Determination Date immediately preceding the commencement of such Interest Period and the LIBOR Floor, plus (b) the A-2 LIBOR Spread (or, when applicable pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the Default Rate); and (ii) for a Prime Rate Loan, the sum of (a) the greater of the Prime Rate and the Prime Rate Floor, plus (b) the Prime Rate Spread (or, when applicable pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the applicable Default Rate). 
     Note B     Interest Rate    shall mean the rate that results from applying all Monthly Debt Service Payment Amounts to payment of interest on Note B, after payment of the required interest on Note A-1 and Note A-2 as required hereunder. 
     Notes    shall mean, collectively (or individually if the context shall require), (i) that certain Promissory Note A-1 (   Note A-1   ), dated as of the date hereof, in the principal amount of up to $78,500,000.00 made by Borrowers in favor of DQ Lender 1, (ii) that certain Promissory Note A-2 (   Note A-2   ), dated as of the date hereof, in the principal amount of up to $121,500,000.00 made by Borrowers in favor of DQ Lender 2, and (iii) that certain Promissory Note B (   Note B   ), dated as of the date hereof, in the principal amount of up to $80,500,000.00 made by Borrowers in favor of GS Lender. 
     Notice    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 10.6   hereof. 
     Obligations    shall mean, collectively, Borrowers  obligations for the payment of the Debt and the performance of the Other Obligations. 
     OFAC    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.32(b)   hereof. 
  
   17 

Officer s Certificate    shall mean a certificate delivered to Agent by Borrowers which is signed by an authorized senior officer of Borrowers. 
     Operating Expenses    shall mean, for any period, without duplication, all expenses actually paid or payable by Borrowers during such period in connection with the operation, management, maintenance, repair and use of the Properties, determined on an accrual basis, and, except to the extent otherwise provided in this definition, in accordance with GAAP.  Operating Expenses specifically shall include (i) all expenses incurred in the immediately preceding twelve (12) month period based on quarterly financial statements delivered to Agent in accordance with   Section 4.9.2   hereof, (ii) all payments required to be made pursuant to any Operations Agreements, (iii) property management fees in an amount equal to the management fees owed under the Management Agreement, (iv) administrative, payroll, security and general expenses for the Properties, (v) the cost of utilities and supplies consumed in the operation of the Properties, (vi) without duplication of amounts excluded from Adjusted Operating Income under   clause (i)   of the definition of such term, a reasonable reserve for uncollectible accounts that shall be generally consistent with Borrowers  historical receivables and delinquency trends, (vii) costs and fees of Independent professionals  used in connection with the operation of the Properties (including, without limitation, legal, accounting, consultants and other professional expenses), technical consultants, operational experts (including quality assurance inspectors) or other third parties retained to perform services required or permitted hereunder, (viii) cost of attendance by employees at training and manpower development programs, (ix) association dues, (x) computer processing charges, (xi) operational equipment and other lease payments, (xii) Taxes and Other Charges (other than income taxes or Other Charges in the nature of income taxes) and insurance premiums, (xiii) amounts due by Ground Lease Borrower pursuant to the Ground Lease, and (xiv) all underwritten reserves required by Agent hereunder (without duplication).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Operating Expenses shall not include (1) depreciation or amortization, (2) income taxes or Other Charges in the nature of income taxes, (3) any expenses (including legal, accounting and other professional fees, expenses and disbursements) incurred in connection with the making of the Loan or the sale, exchange, transfer, financing or refinancing of all or any portion of the Properties or in connection with the recovery of Insurance Proceeds or Awards which are applied to prepay the Notes, (4) Capital Expenditures, (5) Debt Service, and (6) any item of expense which would otherwise be considered within Operating Expenses pursuant to the provisions above but is paid directly by any Tenant or reimbursable to Borrower by any Tenant. 
     Operating Income    shall mean, for any period, all income of any Borrower during such period from the use, ownership or operation of the Property owned by such Borrower, including: 
  (a)    all amounts payable to any Borrower by any Person as Rent and other amounts under Leases or other agreements relating to the Property owned by such Borrower; 
  (b)    business interruption insurance proceeds allocable to the applicable reporting period; and 
  (c)    all other amounts which in accordance with GAAP, are included in such Borrower s annual financial statements as operating income attributable to the Property owned by such Borrower.  
  
   18 

Operations Agreements    shall mean any covenants, restrictions, easements, declarations or agreements of record relating to the construction, operation or use of any Property, together with all amendments, modifications or supplements thereto. 
     Other Charges    shall mean all ground rents, maintenance charges, impositions other than Taxes and any other charges, including vault charges and license fees for the use of vaults, chutes and similar areas adjoining any Property, now or hereafter levied or assessed or imposed against any Property or any part thereof. 
     Other Obligations    shall mean (a) the performance of all obligations of Borrowers contained herein; (b) the performance of each obligation of Borrowers contained in any other Loan Document; and (c) the performance of each obligation of Borrowers contained in any renewal, extension, amendment, modification, consolidation, change of, or substitution or replacement for, all or any part of this Agreement, the Notes or any other Loan Document. 
     Other Taxes    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 2.9.3   hereof. 
     Outstanding Principal Balance    shall mean, as of any date, the outstanding principal balance of the Loan. 
     Pan Am Borrowers    shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and    Pam Am Borrower        shall mean each of the foregoing individually. 
     Pan Am/Davies Center     Mortgage    shall mean that certain first priority Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated the date hereof, executed and delivered collectively by Pan Am Borrowers and Davies Center Borrowers as security for the Loan and encumbering collectively the Pan Am Property and Davies Center Property, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
     Pan Am Property    shall mean the parcel of real property described on   Exhibit A-2   attached hereto and made a part hereof, the Improvements now or hereafter erected or installed thereon and all personal property owned by Pan Am Borrower and encumbered by the Mortgage, together with all rights pertaining to such property and Improvements, all as more particularly described in the Granting Clauses of the Mortgage. 
     Pan Am PSA    shall mean that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between Pan Am Borrower and Pan Am Purchaser, as the same maybe amended in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
     Pan Am Purchaser    shall mean Don Quijote (USA) Co., Ltd., a Hawaii corporation. 
     Pan Am     TIC Agreement    shall mean that certain Tenants in Common Agreement, undated but as of 2006, by and among Pan Am Borrowers. 
     Pan Am TIC Restructuring    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.2(d)(viii)   hereof. 
     Participant Register    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 9.2(b)   hereof. 
  
   19 

Patriot Act    shall mean the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA PATRIOT ACT) of 2001, as the same may be amended from time to time, and corresponding provisions of future laws. 
     Patriot Act Offense    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.32(b)   hereof. 
     Permitted Encumbrances    shall mean, collectively, (i) the Liens and security interests created by the Loan Documents, (ii) all encumbrances and other matters disclosed and insured in the Title Insurance Policy, (iii) Liens, if any, for Taxes or Other Charges imposed by any Governmental Authority not yet due or delinquent, and (iv) such other title and survey exceptions as Agent has approved or may approve in writing in Agent s sole discretion or are otherwise permitted under the terms of the Loan Documents.  
     Permitted Indebtedness    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.21   hereof. 
     Permitted Investments    shall mean the following, subject to qualifications hereinafter set forth:  
  (i)    obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal and interest by, the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof, when such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America; 
  (ii)    federal funds, unsecured certificates of deposit, time deposits, banker s acceptances, and repurchase agreements having maturities of not more than 365 days of any bank, the short-term debt obligations of which are rated A-1+ (or the equivalent) by one or more of the Rating Agencies, it being understood that the A-1+ benchmark rating and other benchmark ratings in this Agreement are intended to be the ratings, or the equivalent of ratings, issued by S  
  (iii)    deposits that are fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.; 
  (iv)    debt obligations that are rated AA (or the equivalent) by one or more of the Rating Agencies having maturities of not more than 365 days; 
  (v)    commercial paper rated A 1+ (or the equivalent) by one or more of the Rating Agencies; and 
  (vi)    investment in money market funds rated AAAm or AAAm G (or the equivalent) by one or more of the Rating Agencies or AAA rated money market funds registered under the Investment Act of 1940. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing,    Permitted Investments    (i) shall exclude any security with the S P s  r  symbol (or any other Rating Agency s corresponding symbol) attached to the rating (indicating high volatility or dramatic fluctuations in their expected returns because of market risk), as well as any mortgage-backed securities and any security of the type commonly known as  strips  (ii) shall not have maturities in excess of one year; (iii) shall be limited to those instruments that have a predetermined fixed dollar of principal due at maturity that cannot vary or change; and (iv) shall exclude any investment where the right to receive principal and interest derived from the underlying investment provides a yield to maturity in excess of 120% of the yield  
  
   20 

to maturity at par of such underlying investment.  Interest may either be fixed or variable, and any variable interest must be tied to a single interest rate index plus a single fixed spread (if any), and move proportionately with that index.  No investment shall be made which requires a payment above par for an obligation if the obligation may be prepaid at the option of the issuer thereof prior to its maturity.  All investments shall mature or be redeemable without penalty or discount upon the option of the holder thereof on or prior to the earlier of (x) three months from the date of their purchase or (y) the Business Day preceding the day before the date such amounts are required to be applied hereunder. 
     Permitted Transfers    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.2(d)   hereof. 
     Person    shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, unincorporated association, any other entity, any Governmental Authority and any fiduciary acting in such capacity on behalf of any of the foregoing. 
     Physical Conditions Report    shall mean that certain [___________________], prepared by [_______________] and dated as of [____________]. 
     Pledge Agreement    shall mean those certain Pledge and Security Agreements dated as of the date hereof by the Sole Members in favor of Agent (for the benefit of Lenders). 
     Pledge Agreement Guaranty    shall mean those certain Sole Member Guaranties dated as of the date hereof by the Sole Members in favor of Agent (for the benefit of Lenders). 
     PML    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 5.1.1(a)(i)   hereof. 
     Policies    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 5.1.1(b)   hereof. 
     Prepayment Notice    shall mean a prior irrevocable written notice to Agent specifying the proposed Business Day on which a prepayment of the Debt is to be made pursuant to   Section 2.4   hereof, which date must be a Monthly Payment Date and shall be no earlier than thirty (30) days after the date of such Prepayment Notice and no later than sixty (60) days after the date of such Prepayment Notice. 
     Prime Rate    shall mean the rate of interest published in   The Wall Street Journal   from time to time as the  Prime Rate .  If more than one  Prime Rate  is published in   The Wall Street Journal   for a day, the average of such  Prime Rates  will be used, and such average will be rounded up to the nearest 1/100th of one percent (0.01%).  If   The Wall Street Journal   ceases to publish the  Prime Rate,  Agent will select an equivalent publication that publishes such  Prime Rate,  and if such  Prime Rates  are no longer generally published or are limited, regulated or administered by a governmental or quasi-governmental body, then Agent will select a comparable interest rate index. 
     Prime Rate Floor    shall mean, in connection with any conversion of the Loan from a LIBOR Loan to a Prime Rate Loan, the difference between (a) the sum of the LIBOR Floor plus the Spread, minus (b) the Prime Rate Spread; provided, however, that if such difference is a negative number, then the Prime Rate Floor shall be zero.  
  
   21 

Prime Rate Loan    shall mean the Loan at such time as interest thereon accrues at a rate of interest based upon the Prime Rate. 
     Prime Rate Spread    shall mean, in connection with any conversion of the Loan from a LIBOR Loan to a Prime Rate Loan, the difference (expressed as the number of basis points) between (a) the sum of (i) LIBOR, determined as of the Interest Determination Date for which LIBOR was last available, plus (ii) the Spread, minus (b) the Prime Rate as of such Interest Determination Date; provided, however, that if such difference is a negative number, then the Prime Rate Spread shall be zero. 
     Property    shall mean each of the Davies Center Property, the Pan Am Property, and the Waterfront Property. 
     Qualified Carrier    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 5.1.1(i)   hereof. 
     Qualified Transferee     shall mean a transferee for whom, prior to the Transfer, Agent shall have received: (x) evidence that the proposed transferee (1) has never been indicted or convicted of, or pled guilty or no contest to, a felony, (2) has never been indicted or convicted of, or pled guilty or no contest to, a Patriot Act Offense and is not on any Government List, (3) has never been the subject of a voluntary or involuntary (to the extent the same has not been discharged) bankruptcy proceeding and (4) has no material outstanding judgments against such proposed transferee and (y) if the proposed transferee will obtain Control of or obtain a direct or indirect interest of 10% or more in any Borrower as a result of such proposed transfer, a credit check against such proposed transferee that is reasonably acceptable to Agent. 
     Ratable Share   ,    Ratable    or    ratably    shall mean, with respect to any Lender, its share of the Loan based on the proportion of the Outstanding Principal Balance advanced or held by such Lender to the total outstanding principal amount of the Loan.  The Ratable Share of each Lender on the date of this Agreement after giving effect to the funding of the Loan on the Closing Date is set forth on   Schedule VII   attached hereto and made a part hereof. 
     Rate Cap Collateral    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 2.6.2   hereof. 
     Rating Agencies    shall mean each of S P, Moody s and Fitch, or any other nationally recognized statistical rating agency which has been approved by Agent. 
     Register    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 9.2(a)   hereof. 
     Regulatory Change    shall mean, at any time hereafter, (i) any change in any Legal Requirement (including by repeal, amendment or otherwise) or in the interpretation or application thereof by any central bank or other Governmental Authority or (ii) any new or revised request, guidance or directive issued by any central bank or other Governmental Authority and applicable to the Agent and Lenders. 
     Release Amount    shall mean, with respect to any Property released pursuant to   Section 2.5.1  , the greater of (i) 100% of the Net Sales Proceeds with respect to such Property and (ii) (A) in connection with a release of the Davies Center Property, 130% of the Allocated Loan Amount for the Davies Center Property, (B) in connection with a release of the Waterfront Property, 115%  
  
   22 

of the Allocated Loan Amount for the Waterfront Property, and (C) in connection with a release of the Pan Am Property, 100% of the Allocated Loan Amount for the Pan Am Property.  
     Rents    shall mean all rents, rent equivalents,  additional rent  (i.e. pass-throughs for operating expenses, real estate tax escalations and/or real estate tax pass-throughs, payments by Tenants on account of electrical consumption, porters  wage escalations, condenser water charges and tap-in fees, freight elevator and HVAC overtime charges, charges for excessive rubbish removal and other sundry charges), moneys payable as damages (including Lease Termination Payments, payments by reason of the rejection of a Lease in a bankruptcy proceeding) or in lieu of rent or rent equivalents, royalties (including all oil and gas or other mineral royalties and bonuses), income, fees, receivables, receipts, revenues, accounts, cash, issues, profits, charges for services rendered, and other payment and consideration of whatever form or nature received by or paid to or for the account of or benefit of each Borrower, Manager or any of their respective agents or employees from any and all sources arising from or attributable to any Property and the Improvements, including all receivables, signage income, customer obligations, installment payment obligations and other obligations now existing or hereafter arising or created out of the sale, lease, sublease, license, concession or other grant of the right of the use and occupancy of any Property or rendering of services by a Borrower, Manager or any of their respective agents or employees, and Insurance Proceeds, if any, from business interruption or other loss of income insurance, but only to the extent such Insurance Proceeds are treated as business or rental interruption Insurance Proceeds pursuant to   Section 5.4(f)   hereof. 
     Repayment Date    shall mean the date of a prepayment of the Loan pursuant to the provisions of   Section 2.4   hereof. 
     Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement    shall mean an interest rate cap agreement from an Approved Counterparty with terms that are the same in all material respects as the terms of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement except that the same shall be effective as of (i) in connection with a replacement pursuant to   Section 2.6.3(c)   following a downgrade, withdrawal or qualification of the long-term unsecured debt rating of the Counterparty, the date required in   Section 2.6   or (ii) in connection with a replacement (or extension of the then-existing Interest Rate Cap Agreement) after the second (2   nd   ) anniversary of the Closing Date or in connection with an extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to   Section 2.7  , the date required in   Section 2.7  ; provided that to the extent any such interest rate cap agreement does not meet the foregoing requirements, a Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be such interest rate cap agreement approved in writing by Agent. 
     Required Repairs Account    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 6.2.1   hereof. 
     Required Repairs Funds    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 6.2.1   hereof. 
     Required Repairs    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 6.2.1   hereof. 
     Reserve Funds    shall mean, collectively, all funds deposited by a Borrower with Agent or Deposit Bank pursuant to   Article 6   of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Insurance Funds, the Tax Funds, the Required Repair Funds and the Casualty and Condemnation Funds  . 
  
   23 

Restoration    shall mean the repair, restoration and re-tenanting of any Property after a Casualty or Condemnation as nearly as possible to the condition any Property was in immediately prior to such Casualty or Condemnation, with such alterations as may be reasonably approved by Agent. 
     Restoration DSCR    shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the Net Operating Income of the Properties, based on Rents in place (annualized and including rental loss insurance proceeds) and expenses on a pro forma basis, to (b) an amount equal to the annual Debt Service. 
     S P    shall mean Standard   Poor s Ratings Group, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies. 
     Rollover Account    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 6.6.1   hereof. 
     Rollover Funds    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 6.6.1   hereof. 
     Sale or Pledge    shall mean a voluntary or involuntary sale, conveyance, assignment, transfer, encumbrance or pledge of a legal or beneficial interest, whether direct or indirect. 
     Second Extended Maturity Date    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 2.7.1   hereof. 
     Second Extension Notice    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 2.7.1   hereof. 
     Second Extension Option    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 2.7.1   hereof. 
     Secondary Market Transaction    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 9.1(a)   hereof. 
     Section 10.1 Liabilities    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 10.1.4   hereof. 
     Section 10.1 Obligations    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 10.1.3   hereof. 
     Servicer    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 10.21   hereof. 
     Servicing Agreement    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 10.21   hereof. 
     Servicing Fee    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 10.21   hereof. 
     Sole Members    shall mean collectively, DPC Mezzanine, LLC, Pan Am Mezzanine I, LLC, Pan Am Mezzanine II, LLC, Pan Am Mezzanine III, LLC, Pan Am Mezzanine IV, LLC, WFP Mezzanine A, LLC, WFP Mezzanine B, LLC, WFP Mezzanine C, LLC, WFP Mezzanine D, LLC and WFP Mezzanine E, LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company, and    Sole Member    shall refer to each of the foregoing individually. 
     Special Purpose Bankruptcy Remote Entity    shall mean a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership which, at all times on and after the date hereof, complies with the requirements set out in   Schedule V   hereto, and since the date of its formation has complied with the requirements set forth in subsections (a) through (n) and (v) through (bb) set out in   Schedule V   hereto.  
  
   24 

Special Taxes    shall mean any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, or any liabilities with respect thereto, including those arising after the Closing Date as a result of the adoption of or any change in law, treaty, rule, regulation, guideline or determination of a Governmental Authority or any change in the interpretation or application thereof by a Governmental Authority but excluding, in the case of Agent and Lenders, such taxes (including income taxes, franchise taxes and branch profit taxes) as are imposed on or measured by Agent s and Lenders  net income by the United States of America or any Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction under the laws under which Agent and any Lender is organized or maintains a lending office. 
     Spread    shall mean (i) 450 basis points (4.50%) per annum until the Stated Maturity Date, (ii) 475 basis points (4.75%) per annum from and after the Stated Maturity Date and until the First Extended Maturity Date, and (iii) 500 basis points (5.00%) per annum from and after the First Extended Maturity Date and until the Second Extended Maturity Date. 
     Spread Maintenance Date    shall mean the twenty-fourth (24   th   ) Monthly Payment Date after the closing of the Loan. 
     Spread Maintenance Premium    shall mean an amount equal to the product of the following: (A) the amount of such prepayment (or the amount of principal so accelerated), multiplied by (B) the Spread, multiplied by (C) a fraction (expressed as a percentage) having a numerator equal to the number of days difference between the Spread Maintenance Date and the date such prepayment occurs (or the next succeeding Monthly Payment Date through which interest has been paid by Borrowers) and a denominator equal to three hundred sixty (360).  
     Springing Recourse Event    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 10.1.5   hereof. 
     State    shall mean the State of Hawaii. 
     Stated Maturity Date    shall mean August 11, 2019, as the same may be extended pursuant to   Section 2.7   hereof. 
     Strike Price    shall mean (i) with respect to the initial Interest Rate Cap Agreement, three percent (3.0%), and (ii) with respect to any Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement, four percent (4%).   
     Structuring Fee    shall mean a non-refundable fee equal to the product of (i) the amount of Loan and (ii) ninety-five hundredths of one percent (0.95%), which shall be paid by Borrowers to Agent on the Closing Date in consideration of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.   
     Survey    shall mean, for each Property, a survey of such Property prepared by a surveyor licensed in the State and satisfactory to Agent and the company or companies issuing the Title Insurance Policy, and containing a certification of such surveyor satisfactory to Agent. 
     Tax Account    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 6.3.1   hereof. 
     Tax Funds    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 6.3.1   hereof. 
  
   25 

Taxes    shall mean all real estate and personal property taxes, assessments, water rates or sewer rents, now or hereafter levied or assessed or imposed against any Property or part thereof, together with all interest and penalties thereon. 
     Tenant    shall mean any Person obligated by contract or otherwise as a tenant or otherwise to pay monies (including a percentage of gross income, revenue or profits) under any Lease now or hereafter affecting all or any part of any Property. 
     TIC Agreement    shall mean each of the Pan Am TIC Agreement and the Waterfront TIC Agreement, individually and collectively, as the context may require.   
     Term    shall mean the entire term of this Agreement, which shall expire solely upon repayment in full of the Debt and full performance of each and every obligation to be performed by Borrowers pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
     Title Insurance Policy    shall mean an ALTA mortgagee title insurance policy in the form acceptable to Agent issued with respect to the Properties and insuring the Lien of the Mortgage.  
     Transfer    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 4.2(b)   hereof. 
     TRIPRA    shall mean the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2007 or subsequent statute, reauthorization, extension thereof.  
     UCC    or    Uniform Commercial Code    shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State (with respect to fixtures), the State of New York or the state in which any of the Cash Management Accounts are located, as the case may be. 
     UCC Title Insurance Policy    shall mean a UCC Title Policy with regard to the pledge by the Sole Members of 100% of their membership interests in Borrowers, in a form reasonably acceptable to Agent. 
     Updated Information    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 9.1(b)(i)   hereof. 
     U.S. Obligations    shall mean securities evidencing an obligation to timely pay principal and/or interest in a full and timely manner that are (i) direct obligations of the United States of America for the payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged, and (ii) not subject to prepayment, call or early redemption. 
     Waterfront Borrowers    shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto, and    Waterfront Borrower    shall refer to each of the foregoing individually. 
     Waterfront     Mortgage    shall mean that certain first priority Leasehold Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated the date hereof, executed and delivered by Waterfront Borrower as security for the Loan and encumbering Waterfront Property, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
  
   26 

Waterfront Property    shall mean the parcel of real property described on   Exhibit A-3   attached hereto and made a part hereof demised under the Ground Lease, the Improvements now or hereafter erected or installed thereon and all personal property owned by Davies Center Borrower and encumbered by the Mortgage, together with all rights pertaining to such property and Improvements, all as more particularly described in the Granting Clauses of the Mortgage. 
     Waterfront TIC Agreement    shall mean that certain Tenants in Common Agreement, dated August ___, 2006, by and among Waterfront Borrowers. 
     Waterfront TIC Restructuring    shall have the meaning specified in   Section 4.2(d)(ix)   hereof. 
     Zoning Reports    shall mean (i) with respect to the Davies Center Property, that certain Zoning Report (Site Number 45614), dated as of August 3, 2016 and prepared by Zoning Info, Inc., (ii) with respect to the Pan Am Property, that certain Zoning Report (Site Number 45616), dated as of August 3, 2016 and prepared by Zoning Info, Inc., and (iii) with respect to the Waterfront Property, that certain Zoning Report (Site Number 45615), dated as of August 4, 2016 and prepared by Zoning Info, Inc.. 
  Section 1.2        Principles of Construction  .    All references to sections and schedules are to sections and schedules in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified.  Unless otherwise specified, the words  hereof,   herein  and  hereunder  and words of similar import when used in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall refer to this Agreement or such other Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision hereof or thereof.  When used in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the word  including  shall mean  including without limitation .  Unless otherwise specified, all meanings attributed to defined terms herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms so defined. 
  ARTICLE 2           THE LOAN 
  Section 2.1        The Loan  . 
  2.1.1        Agreement to Lend and Borrow  .  Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein, Lenders shall make the Loan to Borrowers and Borrowers shall accept the Loan from Lenders on the Closing Date. 
  2.1.2        Single Disbursement to Borrower  s  .  Borrowers shall receive only one borrowing hereunder in respect of the Loan and any amount borrowed and repaid hereunder in respect of the Loan may not be reborrowed. 
  2.1.3        The Notes  .  The Loan shall be evidenced by the Notes and shall be repaid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan Documents. 
  2.1.4        Use of Proceeds  .  Borrowers shall use proceeds of the Loan to (i) pay and discharge any existing loans relating to the Properties, (ii) pay all past-due Taxes, Insurance Premiums and Other Charges, if any, in respect of the Properties, (iii) make initial deposits of the Reserve Funds,  
  
   27 

(iv) pay costs and expenses incurred in connection with the closing of the Loan, and (v) to the extent any proceeds remain after satisfying   clauses (i)   through   (iv)   above, to make distributions to Pacific Office Properties, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, for ongoing operations. 
  2.1.5        Structuring Fee  .  Agent will be paid the Structuring Fee by Borrowers in immediately available proceeds out of the Loan on the Closing Date in consideration of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement. 
  Section 2.2        Interest Rate  . 
  2.2.1        Interest Rate  .   
  (a)        So long as no Event of Default is continuing, interest on the Loan shall accrue for each Interest Period at the Interest Rate, and amounts paid by Borrowers as interest on the Loan shall initially be applied in the following order and priority: 
  (i)        first  , to DQ Lender 1 in payment of interest on Note A-1 at the Note A-1 Interest Rate;  
  (ii)        second  , to DQ Lender A-2 in payment of interest on Note A-2 at the Note A-2 Interest Rate; and 
  (iii)        third  , to GS Lender, in payment of interest on Note B at the Note B Interest Rate. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the priorities set forth above may change in accordance with the terms of the Co-Lender Agreement, including upon the occurrence of sale or other capital event relating to a Property, provided, however, that in no event shall the total Interest Rate payable by Borrower be affected by anything contained in the Co-Lender Agreement.  In the event that the priorities set forth above do in fact change in accordance with the terms of the Co-Lender Agreement, so long has no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Agent shall provide notice thereof to Borrowers, after which the priority of interest paid for each of the notes set forth in such notice shall take effect.  Borrowers shall have no consent right over any such change in priorities, but no such change in the order of priorities shall affect the total amounts payable by Borrowers hereunder.    
  (b)        Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Loan shall be a LIBOR Loan.  In the event that Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Borrowers absent manifest error) that by reason of circumstances affecting the interbank Eurodollar market, adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining LIBOR, then Agent shall forthwith give notice by telephone of such determination, confirmed in writing, to Borrowers at least one (1) day prior to the next succeeding Interest Determination Date.  If such notice is given, the Loan shall be converted, as of the first day of the next succeeding Interest Period, to a Prime Rate Loan. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall Borrowers have the right to convert a LIBOR Loan to a Prime Rate Loan. 
  
   28 

(c)        If, pursuant to the terms hereof, the Loan has been converted to a Prime Rate Loan and Agent shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Borrowers absent manifest error) that the event(s) or circumstance(s) which resulted in such conversion shall no longer be applicable, Agent shall give notice by telephone of such determination, confirmed in writing, to Borrowers at least one (1) day prior to the next succeeding Interest Determination Date.  If such notice is given, the Loan shall be converted, as of the first day of the next succeeding Interest Period, to a LIBOR Loan.  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall Borrowers have the right to convert a Prime Rate Loan to a LIBOR Loan. 
  (d)        If the adoption of any requirement of law or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof, shall hereafter make it unlawful for any Lender to maintain a LIBOR Loan as contemplated hereunder, (i) the obligation of such Lender hereunder to make or maintain a LIBOR Loan or to convert a Prime Rate Loan to a LIBOR Loan shall be canceled forthwith and (ii) any outstanding LIBOR Loan shall be converted automatically to a Prime Rate Loan on the first day of the next succeeding Interest Period, or upon such earlier date as may be required by law.  Borrowers hereby agree to promptly pay to such Lender, upon demand, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Lender for any costs incurred by such Lender in making any conversion in accordance with this Agreement, including without limitation, any interest or fees payable by such Lender to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to make or maintain the LIBOR Loan hereunder.  Such Lender s notice of such costs, as certified to Borrowers, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
  2.2.2        Default Rate  .  In the event that, and for so long as, any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Outstanding Principal Balance and, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, all other portions of the Debt, shall accrue interest at the Default Rate, calculated from the date such payment was due or such Default shall have occurred without regard to any grace or cure periods contained herein.  Interest at the Default Rate shall be paid immediately upon demand, which demand may be made as frequently as Agent shall elect, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law. 
  2.2.3        Interest Calculation  .  Interest on the Loan, whether at the Interest Rate or the Default Rate, shall be calculated by multiplying (A) the actual number of days elapsed in the period for which the calculation is being made by (B) a daily rate equal to the Interest Rate or the Default Rate (or, the weighted average of the Interest Rate and the Default Rate, based on the number of days in the respective period of calculation for which each such rate is applicable for any period during which both the Interest Rate and Default Rate are applicable),   divided   by 360, by (C) the average Outstanding Principal Balance during the relevant Interest Period for which interest is being calculated, and shall accrue with regard to the Loan based on the Outstanding Principal Balance applicable to the Loan.  The accrual period for calculating interest due on each Monthly Payment Date shall be the Interest Period immediately prior to such Monthly Payment Date.   
  2.2.4        Usury Savings  .  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents are subject to the express condition that at no time shall Borrowers be required to pay interest on the Outstanding Principal Balance at a rate which could subject Agent or any Lender to either civil or criminal liability as a result of being in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate.  If by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, Borrowers are at any time required or obligated to pay interest on  
  
   29 

the Outstanding Principal Balance at a rate in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate, the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be immediately reduced to the Maximum Legal Rate and all previous payments in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate shall be deemed to have been payments in reduction of principal and not on account of the interest due hereunder.  All sums paid or agreed to be paid to Agent or any Lender for the use, forbearance, or detention of the sums due under the Loan, shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full stated term of the Loan until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on account of the Loan does not exceed the Maximum Legal Rate from time to time in effect and applicable to the Loan for so long as the Loan is outstanding. 
  2.2.5        Breakage Costs  .  Borrowers shall reimburse Agent and each Lender for the amount of any loss or expense which Agent or any Lender may actually sustain or incur in liquidating or redeploying deposits from third parties acquired to effect or maintain the Loan or any part thereof as a consequence of (i) any payment or prepayment of the Loan or any portion thereof made on a date other than a Monthly Payment Date and (ii) any default in payment or prepayment of the Principal or any part thereof or interest accrued thereon, as and when due and payable (at the date thereof or otherwise, and whether by acceleration or otherwise) (collectively,    Breakage Costs   ).  Agent shall deliver to Borrowers a statement for any such sums which it (or any Lender) is entitled to receive pursuant to this   Section 2.2.5  , which statement shall be binding and conclusive absent manifest error.  Borrowers  obligations under this   Section 2.2.5   are in addition to Borrowers  obligations to pay any Spread Maintenance Premium applicable to a payment or prepayment of the Loan. 
  Section 2.3        Loan Payments  . 
  2.3.1        Payments  .   
  (a)        On the date hereof, Borrowers shall pay interest on the unpaid Outstanding Principal Balance from the date hereof through and including September 9, 2016 (the    Initial Interest Period   ).   
  (b)        On October 10, 2016 and each Monthly Payment Date thereafter during the Term, Borrowers shall pay an amount equal to the Monthly Debt Service Payment Amount.  Borrowers shall also pay to Agent all amounts required in respect of Reserve Funds and the Outstanding Principal Balance as set forth in   Article 6   hereof. 
  2.3.2        Payments Generally  .  After the Initial Interest Period, each interest accrual period thereafter (each, an    Interest Period   ) shall commence on the tenth (10   th   ) calendar day of a calendar month and ending on (and including) the ninth (9   th   ) calendar day of the following calendar month.  For purposes of making payments hereunder, but not for purposes of calculating interest accrual periods, if the day on which such payment is due is not a Business Day, then amounts due on such date shall be due on the immediately preceding Business Day.  Agent shall have the right from time to time, in its sole discretion, upon not less than ten (10) days prior written notice to Borrowers, to change the Monthly Payment Date to a different calendar day and, if requested by Agent, Borrowers shall promptly execute an amendment to this Agreement to evidence such change; provided, however, that if Agent shall have elected to change the Monthly Payment Date as aforesaid, Agent shall have the option, but not the obligation, to adjust the Interest Period and the Interest  
  
   30 

Determination Date accordingly.  All amounts due pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be payable without setoff, counterclaim, defense or any other deduction whatsoever. 
  2.3.3        Payment on Maturity Date  .  Borrowers shall pay to Agent for the benefit of Lenders on the Maturity Date or on such earlier date on which the Loan becomes due and payable, either by acceleration or otherwise: 
  (a)        The Outstanding Principal Balance; 
  (b)        Any protective advances funded by Agent or Lenders; 
  (c)        All accrued and unpaid interest and Servicing Fees due under the Notes, the Mortgage and the other Loan Documents, whether at the Default Rate or otherwise; 
  (d)        The Spread Maintenance Premium, if any; and 
  (e)        All other amounts due hereunder and under the Notes, the Mortgage and other Loan Documents. 
  2.3.4        Late Payment Charge  .  If any principal, interest or any other sum due under the Loan Documents (other than the Outstanding Principal Balance due and payable on the Maturity Date) is not paid by Borrowers on the date on which it is due, Borrowers shall pay to Agent for the benefit of Lenders upon demand an amount equal to the lesser of five percent (5%) of such unpaid sum or the Maximum Legal Rate in order to defray the expense incurred by Agent and Lenders in handling and processing such delinquent payment and to compensate Agent and Lenders for the loss of the use of such delinquent payment.  Any such amount shall be secured by the Mortgage and the other Loan Documents to the fullest extent not prohibited by law.  The acceptance of a late payment charge shall not constitute a waiver of any Default or Event of Default then existing pursuant to the Loan Documents.  Agent s failure to collect a late payment charge at any time shall not constitute a waiver of Agent s and Lenders  right thereafter, at any time and from time to time (including upon acceleration of the Notes or upon payment in full of the Loan), to collect such previously uncollected late payment charge or to collect subsequently accruing late payment charges.    
  2.3.5        Method and Place of Payment  . 
  (a)        Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all payments and prepayments under this Agreement and the Notes shall be made to Agent not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date when due and shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds at Agent s office or at such other place as Agent shall from time to time designate, and any funds received by Agent after such time shall, for all purposes hereof, be deemed to have been paid on the next succeeding Business Day. 
  (b)        Whenever any payment to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be stated to be due on a day which is not a Business Day, the due date thereof shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 
  
   31 

(c)        All payments required to be made by Borrowers hereunder or under the Notes or the other Loan Documents shall be made irrespective of, and without deduction for, any setoff, claim or counterclaim and shall be made irrespective of any defense thereto. 
  2.3.6        Forwarding of Payments by Agent  .  Except as otherwise agreed by Agent and Lenders, each payment received by Agent under this Agreement or the Notes for the account of any Lender shall be paid by Agent to such Lender, in immediately available funds, on the next succeeding Business Day as such payment is received by Agent for the Loan or other portion of the Debt in respect of which such payment is made. 
  Section 2.4        Prepayments  . 
  2.4.1        Prepayments  .  Except as otherwise provided herein, Borrowers shall not have the right to prepay the Loan in whole or in part prior to the Stated Maturity Date. 
  2.4.2        Voluntary Prepayments  .  Borrowers shall have the right, only on a Business Day, to prepay the Outstanding Principal Balance in whole, but not in part (except in connection with a repayment pursuant to   Section 2.5.1   hereof or in connection with   Section 6.10.1   hereof),     upon satisfaction of the following conditions: 
  (a)        Borrowers shall deliver to Agent a Prepayment Notice; and 
  (b)        Borrowers shall comply with the provisions of (including making all payments set forth in)   Section 2.4.5  ; provided that if such prepayment is made on a date on or prior to the Spread Maintenance Date, the Spread Maintenance Premium will be due and payable (other than in connection with a release of the Pan Am Property in connection with the transactions contemplated under the Pan Am PSA and in accordance with   Section 2.5.1   hereof or with a prepayment made pursuant to   Section 6.10.1   hereof) in accordance with   Section 2.4.5   and   Section 2.8  .  
  2.4.3        Mandatory Prepayments  .   
  (a)        If Agent is not obligated to make Net Proceeds available to Borrowers for Restoration, on the next occurring Monthly Payment Date following the date on which (a) Agent actually receives any Net Proceeds, and (b) Agent has determined that such Net Proceeds shall be applied against the Debt, Borrowers shall prepay, or authorize Agent to apply Net Proceeds as a prepayment of, the Debt in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of such Net Proceeds together with the payment of the Spread Maintenance Premium (if applicable).  Except during an Event of Default, such Net Proceeds shall be applied by Agent as follows in the following order of priority:   First,   to the Spread Maintenance Premium and any other amounts (other than principal and interest) then due and payable under the Loan Documents, including any costs and expenses of Agent and Lenders in connection with such prepayment;   Second  ; accrued and unpaid interest at the Interest Rate; and   Third,   to principal.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, so long as no Event of Default is continuing at the time of any prepayment pursuant to this   Section 2.4.3  , no Spread Maintenance Premium or any other prepayment premium, penalty or fee shall be due in connection with any prepayment made pursuant to this   Section 2.4.3  .  Any partial principal  
  
   32 

prepayment under this   Section 2.4.3   shall be applied to the last payments of principal due under the Loan. 
  (b)        In addition, in accordance with the priority of distributions from the Deposit Account set forth in   Section 6.10.1   hereof, Borrower shall partially prepay the Loan as required on each Monthly Payment Date. 
  2.4.4        Intentionally Omitted  . 
  2.4.5        Prepayment/Repayment Conditions  . 
  (a)        On the date on which a prepayment or repayment, voluntary or mandatory, is made under the Notes or as required under this Agreement, which date must be a Business Day, Borrowers shall pay to Agent, together with the amount being prepaid: 
  (i)        all accrued and unpaid interest calculated at the Interest Rate on the amount of principal being prepaid through and including the Repayment Date together with an amount equal to the interest that would have accrued at the Interest Rate on the amount of principal being prepaid through the end of the Interest Period in which such prepayment occurs, notwithstanding that such Interest Period extends beyond the date of prepayment;  
  (ii)        Breakage Costs, if any, without duplication of any sums paid pursuant to the preceding   clause (i)  ;  
  (iii)        the Spread Maintenance Premium applicable thereto (if such prepayment occurs on or prior to the Spread Maintenance Date); and 
  (iv)        all other sums, then due under the Notes, this Agreement, the Mortgage, and the other Loan Documents. 
  (b)        Borrowers shall pay all reasonable costs and expenses of Agent and Lenders incurred in connection with the repayment or prepayment (including without limitation, any costs and expenses associated with a release of the Lien of the Mortgage as set forth in   Section 2.5   below and reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses). 
  Section 2.5        Release of Properties  .   
  2.5.1        Sale of a Property  .  Borrower shall have the right to close the sale of the Pan Am Property in accordance with the provisions of the Pan Am PSA, provided that upon the closing of such sale, (i) Borrower makes a prepayment of principal in the Release Amount for the Pan Am Property with no Spread Maintenance Premium being due, (ii) all of Agent s costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees) incurred by Agent or Lenders in connection with the closing of the sale of the Pan Am Property are paid, and (iii) Agent receives an endorsement to the Title Insurance Policy for the remaining Properties insuring the continued priority of the Lien of the Mortgage and evidence of payment of any premium payable for such endorsement.  For the avoidance of doubt, Pan Am Borrowers shall have the right to effectuate any such sale of the Pan Am Property even if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.  Upon the closing of such  
  
   33 

sale, Agent shall cause the release of the Pan Am Property from the Lien of the Mortgage encumbering the Pan Am Property and all of the other Loan Documents and shall terminate any control agreements with respect to the Pan Am Property upon the closing of the sale of the Pan Am Property pursuant to the Pan Am PSA.  In addition to the right to close the sale of the Pan Am Property as provided above, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, on any Business Day, any Borrower may obtain its release from the Loan Documents and the release of either of the other two (2) Properties from the Lien of the Mortgage encumbering such Property (and related Loan Documents) thereon upon a bona fide third-party sale of such Property, provided each of the following conditions are satisfied: 
  (a)        Both immediately before such sale and immediately thereafter, no Event of Default shall be continuing; 
  (b)        The sale of such Property is pursuant to an arm s-length agreement to a third party that is not a Borrower Related Party; 
  (c)        Agent receives an endorsement to the Title Insurance Policy for the remaining Properties insuring the continued priority of the Lien of the Mortgage and evidence of payment of any premium payable for such endorsement; 
  (d)        Borrowers shall: 
  (i)        make a prepayment of principal in an amount equal to the applicable Release Amount; 
  (ii)        pay to Agent any Spread Maintenance Premium on the principal being prepaid (except with respect to a sale of the Pan Am Property pursuant to the Pan Am PSA); and 
  (iii)        pay all accrued and unpaid interest on the principal being prepaid (including, if such prepayment is not made on a Monthly Payment Date, interest that would have accrued on such prepaid principal to, but not including, the next Monthly Payment Date); 
  (e)        after giving effect to such sale and prepayment, the Debt Yield for all of the Properties then remaining subject to the Liens of the Loan Documents shall be no less than the greater of (i) the Debt Yield immediately preceding such sale and (ii) 8.25%, which is the Debt Yield as of the Closing Date; 
  (f)        except with respect to a sale of the Pan Am Property pursuant to the Pan Am PSA, after giving effect to such sale and prepayment, the LTV Percentage for all of the Properties then remaining subject to the Liens of the Loan Documents shall be no more than (A) if prior to the Stated Maturity Date, the lesser of (i) the LTV Percentage immediately preceding such sale, and (ii) 80.5%, which is the LTV Percentage as of the Closing Date, or (B) or if after the Stated Maturity Date, the lesser of (i) the LTV Percentage immediately preceding such sale and (ii) the LTV Percentage required hereunder in order to exercise the most recent Extension Option under   Section 2.7  ; 
  
   34 

(g)        The representations and warranties made by Borrowers, Sole Members and Guarantor in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such sale (and after giving effect to such sale); 
  (h)        Borrowers shall have given Agent at least sixty (60) days  prior written notice of such sale, accompanied by a copy of the applicable contract of sale and all related documents, and drafts of any applicable release documents (which shall be subject to Agent s approval); 
  (i)        Borrowers shall have delivered to Agent a copy of the final closing settlement statement for such sale on or prior to the date of the closing of such sale; 
  (j)        Borrowers shall have paid to Agent all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees) incurred by Agent or Lenders in connection with a sale of a Property; and 
  (k)        Borrowers, Sole Members and Guarantor shall execute and deliver such documents as Agent may reasonably request to confirm the continued validity of the Loan Documents and the Liens thereof. 
  2.5.2        Release on Payment in Full  .  Agent shall, upon the written request and at the expense of Borrowers, upon payment in full of the Debt in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, release the Lien of the Mortgage.  In connection with the release of the Lien, Borrowers shall submit to Agent, not less than thirty (30) days prior to the Repayment Date (or such shorter time as is acceptable to Agent in its sole discretion), a release of Lien (and related Loan Documents) for execution by Agent.  Such release shall be in a form appropriate in the jurisdiction in which the Properties are located and contain standard provisions protecting the rights of the releasing lender.  In addition, Borrowers shall provide all other documentation Agent reasonably requires to be delivered by Borrowers in connection with such release, together with an Officer s Certificate certifying that such documentation (i) is in compliance with all Legal Requirements, and (ii) will effect such release in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Borrowers shall pay all costs, taxes and expenses associated with the release of the Lien of the Mortgage, including Agent s reasonable attorneys  fees. 
  Section 2.6        Interest Rate Cap Agreement  .  
  2.6.1        Interest Rate Cap Agreement  .  Prior to or contemporaneously with the Closing Date, Borrowers shall have obtained, and thereafter maintain in effect, the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, which shall have a term expiring no earlier than the last day of the Interest Period in which the second (2   nd   ) anniversary of the Closing Date occurs and have a notional amount which shall not at any time be less than the Outstanding Principal Balance.  On or prior to the second (2   nd   ) anniversary of the Closing Date, Borrowers shall deliver a Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement with a term expiring no earlier than the last day of the Interest Period in which the Stated Maturity Date occurs and which has a notional amount which shall not at any time be less than the Outstanding Principal Balance.  The Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall have a strike rate equal to the applicable Strike Price; provided, however, that from and after the second (2   nd   ) anniversary of the Closing Date, each Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall cap LIBOR at an amount that results in a Debt Service Coverage Ratio (as of the date such Replacement Interest Rate Cap  
  
   35 

Agreement is purchased) of not less than 1.20:1.00, but in no event shall the strike rate,. of such Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement exceed four percent (4%). 
  2.6.2        Pledge and Collateral Assignment  .  As security for the full and punctual payment and performance of the Obligations when due (whether upon stated maturity, by acceleration, early termination or otherwise), Borrowers, as pledgor, hereby pledge, assign, hypothecate, transfer and deliver to Agent (on behalf of Lenders) as collateral and hereby grants to Agent (on behalf of Lenders) a continuing first priority lien on and security interest in, to and under all of the following whether now owned or hereafter acquired and whether now existing or hereafter arising (the    Rate Cap Collateral   ): all of the right, title and interest of Borrowers in and to (i) the Interest Rate Cap Agreement; (ii) all payments, distributions, disbursements or proceeds due, owing, payable or required to be delivered to Borrowers in respect of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement or arising out of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, whether as contractual obligations, damages or otherwise; and (iii) all of Borrowers  claims, rights, powers, privileges, authority, options, security interests, liens and remedies, if any, under or arising out of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, in each case including all accessions and additions to, substitutions for and replacements, products and proceeds of any or all of the foregoing. 
  2.6.3        Covenants  . 
  (a)        Borrowers shall comply with all of their obligations under the terms and provisions of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement.  All amounts paid by the Counterparty under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement to Borrowers or Agent shall be deposited immediately into the Clearing Account pursuant to   Section 6.1  .  Subject to terms hereof, provided no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrowers shall be entitled to exercise all rights, powers and privileges of Borrowers under, and to control the prosecution of all claims with respect to, the Interest Rate Cap Agreement and the other Rate Cap Collateral.  Borrowers shall take all actions reasonably requested by Agent to enforce Borrowers  rights under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement in the event of a default by the Counterparty thereunder and shall not waive, amend or otherwise modify any of its rights thereunder. 
  (b)        Borrowers shall defend Agent s and Lenders  right, title and interest in and to the Rate Cap Collateral pledged by Borrowers pursuant hereto or in which it has granted a security interest pursuant hereto against the claims and demands of all other Persons. 
  (c)        In the event that the Counterparty is downgraded below  A-  by S P, Borrowers shall replace the Interest Rate Cap Agreement with a Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement not later than ten (10) Business Days following receipt of notice from Agent or any other Person of such downgrade, withdrawal or qualification. 
  (d)        In the event that Borrowers fail to purchase and deliver to Agent the Interest Rate Cap Agreement as and when required hereunder, Agent may purchase the Interest Rate Cap Agreement and the cost incurred by Agent in purchasing the Interest Rate Cap Agreement shall be paid by Borrowers to Agent with interest thereon at the Default Rate from the date such cost was incurred by Agent until such cost is paid by Borrowers to Agent. 
  
   36 

(e)        Borrowers shall not sell, assign, or otherwise dispose of, or mortgage, pledge or grant a security interest in, any of the Rate Cap Collateral or any interest therein, and any sale, assignment, mortgage, pledge or security interest whatsoever made in violation of this covenant shall be a nullity and of no force and effect, and upon demand of Agent, shall forthwith be cancelled or satisfied by an appropriate instrument in writing. 
  (f)        Borrowers shall not (i) without the prior written consent of Agent, modify, amend or supplement the terms of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, (ii) without the prior written consent of Agent, except in accordance with the terms of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, cause the termination of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement prior to its stated maturity date, (iii)  without the prior written consent of Agent, except as aforesaid, waive or release any obligation of the Counterparty (or any successor or substitute party to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement) under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, (iv) without the prior written consent of Agent, consent or agree to any act or omission to act on the part of the Counterparty (or any successor or substitute party to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement) which, without such consent or agreement, would constitute a default under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, (v) fail to exercise promptly and diligently each and every material right which it may have under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, (vi) take or intentionally omit to take any action or intentionally suffer or permit any action to be omitted or taken, the taking or omission of which would result in any right of offset against sums payable under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement or any defense by the Counterparty (or any successor or substitute party to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement) to payment or (vii) fail to give prompt notice to Agent of any notice of default given by or to Borrowers under or with respect to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, together with a complete copy of such notice. 
  (g)        In connection with an Interest Rate Cap Agreement, Borrowers shall obtain and deliver to Agent an opinion of counsel from counsel (which counsel may be in-house counsel for the Counterparty) for the Counterparty upon which Agent, Lenders and their respective successors and assigns may rely (the    Counterparty Opinion   ), under New York law and, if the Counterparty is a non-U.S. entity, the applicable foreign law, which shall provide in relevant part, that: (i) the issuer is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has the organizational power and authority to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, the Interest Rate Cap Agreement; (ii) the execution and delivery of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement by the issuer, and any other agreement which the issuer has executed and delivered pursuant thereto, and the performance of its obligations thereunder have been and remain duly authorized by all necessary action and do not contravene any provision of its certificate of incorporation or by-laws (or equivalent organizational documents) or any law, regulation or contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or its property; (iii) all consents, authorizations and approvals required for the execution and delivery by the issuer of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, and any other agreement which the issuer has executed and delivered pursuant thereto, and the performance of its obligations thereunder have been obtained and remain in full force and effect, all conditions thereof have been duly complied with, and no other action by, and no notice to or filing with any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for such execution, delivery or performance; and (iv) the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, and any other agreement which the issuer has executed and delivered pursuant thereto, has been duly executed and delivered by the issuer and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the issuer, enforceable against the issuer in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy,  
  
   37 

insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). 
  (h)        Borrowers shall at all times comply with all Legal Requirements related to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, including, without limitation, the requirement to maintain a  CFTC Interim Compliant Identifier  number with respect to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, and Borrowers shall, upon request by Agent, provide Agent with evidence reasonably satisfactory to Agent that Borrowers have complied with such requirements. 
  2.6.4        Powers of Borrowers Prior to an Event of Default  . Subject to the provisions of   Section 2.6.3(a)  , provided no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrowers shall be entitled to exercise all rights, powers and privileges of Borrowers under, and to control the prosecution of all claims with respect to, the Interest Rate Cap Agreement and the other Rate Cap Collateral. 
  2.6.5        Representations and Warranties  .  Borrowers hereby covenant with, and represent and warrant to, Agent and Lenders as follows: 
  (a)        The Interest Rate Cap Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrowers, enforceable against Borrowers in accordance with its terms, subject only to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting rights of creditors generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). 
  (b)        The Rate Cap Collateral is free and clear of all claims or security interests of every nature whatsoever, except such as are created pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and Borrowers have the right to pledge and grant a security interest in the same as herein provided without the consent of any other Person other than any such consent that has been obtained and is in full force and effect. 
  (c)        The Rate Cap Collateral has been duly and validly pledged hereunder.  All consents and approvals required to be obtained by Borrowers for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been obtained. 
  (d)        Giving effect to the aforesaid grant and assignment to Agent (on behalf of Lenders), Agent (on behalf of Lenders) has, as of the date of this Agreement, and as to Rate Cap Collateral acquired from time to time after such date, shall have, a valid, and upon proper filing, perfected and continuing first priority lien upon and security interest in the Rate Cap Collateral; provided that no representation or warranty is made with respect to the perfected status of the security interest of Agent (on behalf of Lenders) in the proceeds of Rate Cap Collateral consisting of  cash proceeds  or  non-cash proceeds  as defined in the UCC. 
  (e)        Except for financing statements filed or to be filed in favor of Agent (on behalf of Lenders) as secured party, there are no financing statements under the UCC covering any or all of the Rate Cap Collateral and Borrowers shall not, without the prior written consent of Agent, until payment in full of all of the Obligations, execute and file in any public office, any enforceable  
  
   38 

financing statement or statements covering any or all of the Rate Cap Collateral, except financing statements filed or to be filed in favor of Agent (on behalf of Lenders) as secured party. 
  2.6.6        Payments  .  If Borrowers at any time shall be entitled to receive any payments with respect to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, such amounts shall, immediately upon becoming payable to Borrowers, be deposited by Counterparty into the Clearing Account. 
  2.6.7        Remedies  . Subject to the provisions of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, if an Event of Default shall occur and then be continuing: 
  (a)        Agent, without obligation to resort to any other security, right or remedy granted under any other agreement or instrument, shall have the right to, in addition to all rights, powers and remedies of a secured party pursuant to the UCC, at any time and from time to time, sell, resell, assign and deliver, in its sole discretion, any or all of the Rate Cap Collateral (in one or more transactions and at the same or different times) and all right, title and interest, claim and demand therein and right of redemption thereof, at public or private sale, for cash, upon credit or for future delivery, and in connection therewith Agent may grant options and may impose reasonable conditions such as requiring any purchaser to represent that any  securities  constituting any part of the Rate Cap Collateral are being purchased for investment only, Borrowers hereby waiving and releasing any and all equity or right of redemption to the fullest extent permitted by the UCC or applicable law.  If all or any of the Rate Cap Collateral is sold by Agent upon credit or for future delivery, Agent shall not be liable for the failure of the purchaser to purchase or pay for the same and, in the event of any such failure, Agent may resell such Rate Cap Collateral.  It is expressly agreed that Agent may exercise its rights with respect to less than all of the Rate Cap Collateral, leaving unexercised its rights with respect to the remainder of the Rate Cap Collateral, provided, however, that such partial exercise shall in no way restrict or jeopardize Agent s right to exercise its rights with respect to all or any other portion of the Rate Cap Collateral at a later time or times. 
  (b)        Agent may exercise, either by itself or by its nominee or designee, in the name of Borrowers, all of Agent s rights, powers and remedies in respect of the Rate Cap Collateral, hereunder and under law. 
  (c)        Borrowers hereby irrevocably, in the name of Borrowers or otherwise, authorize and empower Agent and assigns and transfers unto Agent, and constitutes and appoints Agent its true and lawful attorney-in-fact, and as its agent, irrevocably, with full power of substitution for Borrowers and in the name of Borrowers, (i) to exercise and enforce every right, power, remedy, authority, option and privilege of Borrowers under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, including any power to subordinate or modify the Interest Rate Cap Agreement (but not, unless an Event of Default exists and is continuing, the right to terminate or cancel the Interest Rate Cap Agreement), or to give any notices, or to take any action resulting in such subordination, termination, cancellation or modification and (ii) in order to more fully vest in Agent the rights and remedies provided for herein, to exercise all of the rights, remedies and powers granted to Agent in this Agreement, and Borrowers further authorize and empower Agent, as Borrowers  attorney-in-fact, and as its agent, irrevocably, with full power of substitution for Borrowers and in the name of Borrowers, to give any authorization, to furnish any information, to make any demands, to execute any instruments and to take any and all other action on behalf of and in the name of Borrowers which in the opinion of Agent may be necessary or appropriate to be given, furnished, made, exercised or taken under the Interest Rate  
  
   39 

Cap Agreement, in order to comply therewith, to perform the conditions thereof or to prevent or remedy any default by Borrowers thereunder or to enforce any of the rights of Borrowers thereunder.  These powers-of-attorney are irrevocable and coupled with an interest, and any similar or dissimilar powers heretofore given by Borrowers in respect of the Rate Cap Collateral to any other Person are hereby revoked. 
  (d)        Agent may, without notice to, or assent by, Borrowers or any other Person (to the extent permitted by law), but without affecting any of the Obligations, in the name of Borrowers or in the name of Agent, notify the Counterparty, or if applicable, any other counterparty to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, to make payment and performance directly to Agent; extend the time of payment and performance of, compromise or settle for cash, credit or otherwise, and upon any terms and conditions, any obligations owing to Borrowers, or claims of Borrowers, under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement; file any claims, commence, maintain or discontinue any actions, suits or other proceedings deemed by Agent necessary or advisable for the purpose of collecting upon or enforcing the Interest Rate Cap Agreement; and execute any instrument and do all other things deemed necessary and proper by Agent to protect and preserve and realize upon the Rate Cap Collateral and the other rights contemplated hereby. 
  (e)        Pursuant to the powers-of-attorney provided for above, Agent may take any action and exercise and execute any instrument which it may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof; provided, however, that Agent shall not be permitted to take any action pursuant to said power-of-attorney that would conflict with any limitation on Agent s rights with respect to the Rate Cap Collateral.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Agent, if an Event of Default shall occur and then be continuing, shall have the right and power to receive, endorse and collect all checks and other orders for the payment of money made payable to any Borrowers representing:  (i) any payment of obligations owed pursuant to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, (ii) interest accruing on any of the Rate Cap Collateral or (iii) any other payment or distribution payable in respect of the Rate Cap Collateral or any part thereof, and for and in the name, place and stead of such Borrowers, to execute endorsements, assignments or other instruments of conveyance or transfer in respect of any property which is or may become a part of the Rate Cap Collateral hereunder. 
  (f)        Agent may exercise all of the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC. 
  (g)        Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement or any of Borrowers  rights hereunder, and without waiving or releasing Borrowers from any obligation or default hereunder, Agent shall have the right, but not the obligation, to perform any act or take any appropriate action, as it, in its reasonable judgment, may deem necessary to protect the security of this Agreement, to cure such Event of Default or to cause any term, covenant, condition or obligation required under this Agreement or the Interest Rate Cap Agreement to be performed or observed by Borrowers to be promptly performed or observed on behalf of Borrowers.  All amounts advanced by, or on behalf of, Agent in exercising its rights under this   Section 2.6.7(g)   (including, but not limited to, reasonable legal expenses and disbursements incurred in connection therewith), together with interest thereon at the Default Rate from the date of each such advance, shall be payable by Borrowers to Agent upon demand and shall be secured by this Agreement. 
  
   40 

2.6.8        Sales of Rate Cap Collateral  .  No demand, advertisement or notice, all of which are, to the fullest extent permitted by law, hereby expressly waived by Borrowers, shall be required in connection with any sale or other disposition of all or any part of the Rate Cap Collateral, except that Agent shall give Borrowers at least thirty (30) Business Days  prior written notice of the time and place of any public sale or of the time when and the place where any private sale or other disposition is to be made, which notice Borrowers hereby agrees is reasonable, all other demands, advertisements and notices being hereby waived.  To the extent permitted by law, Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of the Rate Cap Collateral if it shall determine not to do so, regardless of the fact that notice of sale may have been given, and Agent may without notice or publication adjourn any public or private sale, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which the same was so adjourned.  Upon each private sale of the Rate Cap Collateral of a type customarily sold in a recognized market and upon each public sale, unless prohibited by any applicable statute which cannot be waived, Agent (or its nominee or designee) may purchase any or all of the Rate Cap Collateral being sold, free and discharged from any trusts, claims, equity or right of redemption of Borrowers, all of which are hereby waived and released to the extent permitted by law, and may make payment therefor by credit against any of the Obligations in lieu of cash or any other obligations.  In the case of all sales of the Rate Cap Collateral, public or private, Borrowers shall pay all reasonable costs and expenses of every kind for sale or delivery, including brokers  and attorneys  fees and disbursements and any tax imposed thereon.  However, the proceeds of sale of Rate Cap Collateral shall be available to cover such costs and expenses, and, after deducting such costs and expenses from the proceeds of sale, Agent shall apply any residue to the payment of the Obligations in the order of priority as set forth in this Agreement. 
  2.6.9        Public Sales Not Possible  . Borrowers acknowledge that the terms of the Interest Rate Cap Agreement may prohibit public sales, that the Rate Cap Collateral may not be of the type appropriately sold at public sales, and that such sales may be prohibited by law.  In light of these considerations, Borrowers agree that private sales of the Rate Cap Collateral shall not be deemed to have been made in a commercially unreasonable manner by mere virtue of having been made privately. 
  2.6.10        Receipt of Sale Proceeds  . Upon any sale of the Rate Cap Collateral by Agent hereunder (whether by virtue of the power of sale herein granted, pursuant to judicial process or otherwise), the receipt by Agent or the officer making the sale or the proceeds of such sale shall be a sufficient discharge to the purchaser or purchasers of the Rate Cap Collateral so sold, and such purchaser or purchasers shall not be obligated to see to the application of any part of the purchase money paid over to Agent or such officer or be answerable in any way for the misapplication or non-application thereof. 
  2.6.11        Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement  . From and after the second (2   nd   ) anniversary of the Closing Date and if, in connection with Borrowers  exercise of any Extension Option pursuant to   Section 2.7   hereof, Borrowers deliver a Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement, all the provisions of this   Section 2.6   applicable to the Interest Rate Cap Agreement delivered on the Closing Date shall be applicable to the applicable Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement. 
  Section 2.7        Extension Options  . 
  
   41 

2.7.1        Extension Options  . Subject to the provisions of this   Section 2.7  , Borrowers shall have the one-time option (the    First Extension Option   ), by irrevocable written notice (the    First Extension Notice   ) delivered to Agent no earlier than ninety (90) days prior to the Stated Maturity Date and no later than thirty (30) days prior to the Stated Maturity Date, to extend the Maturity Date to August 11, 2020 (the    First Extended Maturity Date   ).  In the event Borrowers shall have duly exercised the First Extension Option, Borrowers shall have the one-time option (the    Second Extension Option   ), by irrevocable written notice (the    Second Extension Notice   ) delivered to Agent no earlier than ninety (90) days prior to the Stated Maturity Date and no later than thirty (30) days prior to the First Extended Maturity Date, to extend the First Extended Maturity Date to August 11, 2021 (the    Second Extended Maturity Date   ).  Borrowers  right to so extend the Maturity Date shall be subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent prior to each extension hereunder (and each such condition shall be satisfied in connection with the exercise of each Extension Option unless such condition is otherwise expressly specified to apply solely to the First Extension Option or the Second Extension Option): 
  (a)        (i) no monetary Default, material non-monetary Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date Borrowers deliver the First Extension Notice or the Second Extension Notice, as applicable, and (ii) no monetary Default, material non-monetary Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Stated Maturity Date and the First Extended Maturity Date, as applicable; 
  (b)        Borrowers shall (i) obtain and deliver to Agent not later than one (1) Business Day prior to the first day of the term of the Loan as extended, one or more Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreements from an Approved Counterparty, in a notional amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance, which Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement(s) shall be (A) effective for the period commencing on the day immediately following the then applicable Maturity Date (prior to giving effect to the applicable Extension Option) and ending on the last day of the Interest Period in which the applicable extended Maturity Date occurs and (B) otherwise on same terms set forth in   Section 2.6   and (ii) execute and deliver an Acknowledgement with respect to each such Replacement Interest Rate Cap Agreement; 
  (c)        Agent shall have received a title continuation letter from the Title Company (x) confirming that the Mortgage remains a valid first-priority Lien against each Property, subject only to Permitted Encumbrances, (y) showing title to the applicable Property vested in the applicable Borrower, and (z) showing no exceptions to title other than those previously approved by Agent or permitted under the Loan Documents, in a form reasonably satisfactory to Agent;  
  (d)        All amounts due and payable by Borrowers and any other Person pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents as of the Stated Maturity Date or the First Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, and all costs and expenses of Agent and Lenders, including fees and expenses of Agent s and each Lender s counsel, in connection with the Loan and/or the applicable extension of the Term shall have been paid in full; 
  (e)        On the date of delivery of the First Extension Notice or the Second Extension Notice, as applicable, Borrowers shall pay to Agent the applicable Extension Fee; 
  
   42 

(f)        There shall be no challenge, action, suit, proceeding, or investigation is pending or threatened in writing against any part of any Property or any Borrower by any person, in any court or before any Governmental Authority which is reasonably likely to materially adversely affect the value of any Property, as determined by Agent acting in its reasonable discretion; 
  (g)        In connection with the exercise of the First Extension Option: 
  (i)        the Debt Yield as of the Stated Maturity Date shall be equal to or greater than 10.0%,   provided   that Borrowers shall have the right to repay a portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance as of the Stated Maturity Date in an amount sufficient to satisfy the foregoing Debt Yield requirement, which repayment amount shall be calculated in Agent s sole but good faith discretion,   provided     further  , that in lieu of repaying the Outstanding Principal Balance in such required amount, Borrowers may deliver to Agent a Letter of Credit for the amount that Borrowers would otherwise be required to repay; and 
  (ii)        the Loan to Value Ratio shall be equal to or less than seventy-seven percent (77%),   provided   that Borrowers shall have the right to repay a portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance as of the Stated Maturity Date in an amount sufficient to satisfy the foregoing Loan to Value Ratio requirement, which repayment amount shall be calculated in Agent s sole but good faith discretion,   provided     further  , that in lieu of repaying the Outstanding Principal Balance in such required amount, Borrowers may deliver to Agent a Letter of Credit for the amount that Borrowers would otherwise be required to repay. 
  (h)        In connection with the exercise of the Second Extension Option only: 
  (i)        the Debt Yield as of the First Extended Maturity Date shall be equal to or greater than 10.5%,   provided   that Borrowers shall have the right to repay a portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance as of the First Extended Maturity Date in an amount sufficient to satisfy the foregoing Debt Yield requirement, which repayment amount shall be calculated in Agent s sole but good faith discretion,   provided     further  , that in lieu of repaying the Outstanding Principal Balance in such required amount, Borrowers may deliver to Agent a Letter of Credit for the amount that Borrowers would otherwise be required to repay; and 
  (ii)        the Loan to Value Ratio shall be equal to or less than seventy-five percent (75%),   provided   that Borrowers shall have the right to repay a portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance as of the First Extended Maturity Date in an amount sufficient to satisfy the foregoing Loan to Value Ratio requirement, which repayment amount shall be calculated in Agent s sole but good faith discretion,   provided     further  , that in lieu of repaying the Outstanding Principal Balance in such required amount, Borrowers may deliver to Agent a Letter of Credit for the amount that Borrowers would otherwise be required to repay. 
  (i)        the closing contemplated in the Pan Am PSA shall have been completed and in connection therewith, an amount of the Outstanding Principal Balance equal to the Allocated  
  
   43 

Loan Amount of the Pan Am Property shall have been repaid;   provided   that the condition set forth in this   clause (i)   shall be deemed satisfied even if the closing contemplated in the Pan Am PSA has not been completed if and only if such forward purchase was not completed due solely by a default by the Pan Am Purchaser;  
  (j)        The representations and warranties made by Borrowers in the Loan Documents or otherwise made by Borrowers in connection therewith after the date thereof shall have been true and correct in all material respects on the date on which made and shall also be true and correct as if remade upon the exercise of the applicable Extension Option and on Initial Maturity Date and the First Extended Maturity Date (except (i) to the extent the subject matter of such representation or warranty relates to a particular date specified therein, in which case such representation shall be true and correct as of such specified date, and (ii) to the extent such representation or warranty is no longer true as a result of the passage of time, the ordinary course of conduct of Borrowers, the sale of the Pan Am Property pursuant to the Pam Am PSA, and any actions expressly permitted under the Loan Documents, provided that Borrowers, in each case, have complied with their covenants contained in the Loan Documents); and 
  (k)         Guarantor continues to comply with the covenants contained in the Loan Document to which Guarantor is a party, and Guarantor has provided to Agent, on the Stated Maturity Date and the First Extended Maturity Date, a reaffirmation of pursuant to which Guarantor reaffirms all of its obligations under each Loan Document to which such Guarantor is a party in a form reasonably acceptable to Agent. 
  If Borrowers are unable to satisfy all of the foregoing conditions within the applicable time frames for each, Agent shall have no obligation to extend the applicable Maturity Date hereunder. 
  2.7.2        Extension Documentation  .  As soon as practicable following an extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to this   Section 2.7  , Borrowers shall, if requested by Agent, execute and deliver an amendment of and/or restatement of the Notes and shall, if requested by Agent, enter into such amendments to the related Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate to evidence the extension of the Maturity Date as provided in this   Section 2.7  . 
  Section 2.8        Spread Maintenance Premium  .  Upon any repayment or prepayment of the Loan (including in connection with an acceleration of the Loan) made on or prior to the Spread Maintenance Date, Borrowers shall pay to Agent on the date of such repayment or prepayment (or acceleration of the Loan) the Spread Maintenance Premium applicable thereto, provided that, so long as no Event of Default is continuing, the Spread Maintenance Premium shall not be payable (a) in connection with any prepayment made with Net Proceeds, (b) any prepayment made pursuant to the operation of   Section 6.10.1   hereof, and/or (c) a sale of the Pan Am Property pursuant to the Pan Am PSA.  All Spread Maintenance Premium payments hereunder shall be deemed to be earned by Lenders upon the funding of the Loan.    
  Section 2.9        Regulatory Change; Taxes  .  
  2.9.1        Increased Costs  .  If, as a result of any Regulatory Change or compliance of any Lender therewith, the basis of taxation of payments to Agent or any Lender (or any company Controlling Agent or any Lender) of the principal of or interest on the Loan is changed or Agent or  
  
   44 

any Lender (or the company Controlling Agent or any Lender) shall be subject to (i) any tax, duty, charge or withholding of any kind with respect to this Agreement (excluding federal taxation of the overall net income of Agent, any Lender or the company Controlling Agent or any Lender); or (ii) any reserve, special deposit or similar requirements relating to any extensions of credit or other assets of, or any deposits with or other liabilities, of Agent, any Lender or any company Controlling Agent or any Lender is imposed, modified or deemed applicable; or (iii) any other condition affecting loans to Borrowers subject to LIBOR-based interest rates is imposed on Agent or any Lender or any company Controlling Agent or any Lender and Agent or a Lender determines that, by reason thereof, the cost to Agent or such Lender or any company Controlling Agent or any Lender of making, maintaining or extending the Loan to Borrowers is increased, or any amount receivable by Agent or any Lender or any company Controlling Agent or any Lender hereunder in respect of any portion of the Loan to Borrowers is reduced, in each case by an amount deemed by Agent or any Lender in good faith to be material (such increases in cost and reductions in amounts receivable being herein called    Increased Costs   ), then Agent shall provide notice thereof to Borrowers and Borrowers agree that they will pay to Agent or the affected Lender upon Agent s or the affected Lender s written request such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Agent or such Lender or any company Controlling Agent or such Lender for such Increased Costs to the extent Agent or such Lender reasonably determines that such Increased Costs are allocable to the Loan.  If Agent or any Lender requests compensation under this   Section 2.6.1  , Agent or such Lender shall, if requested by notice by Borrowers to Agent or such Lender, furnish to Borrowers a statement setting forth the basis for requesting such compensation and the method for determining the amount thereof. 
  2.9.2        Special Taxes  .  Borrowers shall make all payments with respect to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or the Loan free and clear of and without deduction for Special Taxes.  If Borrowers shall be required by law to deduct any Special Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under this Agreement, the  other Loan Documents, or the Loan to Agent or any Lender, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as may be necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this   Section 2.9.2  ) Agent and each Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) Borrowers shall make such deductions, and (iii) Borrowers shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 
  2.9.3        Other Taxes  .  In addition, Borrowers agree to pay any present or future stamp, court, documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar taxes or other excise or property taxes, charges, or similar levies which arise from any payment made hereunder, or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or the Loan (hereinafter referred to as    Other Taxes   ). 
  ARTICLE 3           REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
  Section 3.1        Borrower Representations  .    Borrowers represent and warrant that, except to the extent (if any) disclosed on   Schedule IV   hereto with reference to a specific subsection of this   Section 3.1  :  
  
   45 

3.1.1        Organization; Special Purpose  .  Each Borrower and Sole Member is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing with full power and authority to own its assets and conduct its business, and is duly qualified and in good standing in the jurisdiction in which each Property is located and in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, and Borrowers have taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by it, and has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and all the transactions contemplated hereby.  Each Borrower and Sole Member is and has always been a Special Purpose Bankruptcy Remote Entity.  No Borrower owns or uses any assets other than the Property owned by such Borrower and personal property incidental to the business of owning and operating such Property and activities incidental thereto; without limiting the foregoing, each Property is and always has been operated as a single property or project, generating substantially all of the applicable Borrower's gross income, and Borrowers acknowledge and agree that it is Borrowers  understanding and intent that each Property constitutes  single asset real estate  for purposes of Section 362(d)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  3.1.2        Proceedings; Enforceability  .  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Borrowers and constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrowers, enforceable against Borrowers in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally, and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).  The Loan Documents are not subject to any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense by Borrowers, Sole Members or Guarantor including the defense of usury, nor would the operation of any of the terms of the Loan Documents, or the exercise of any right thereunder, render the Loan Documents unenforceable, and none of Borrowers, Sole Members or Guarantor have asserted any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense with respect thereto. 
  3.1.3        No Conflicts  .  The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by Borrowers and the performance of their Obligations hereunder and thereunder will not conflict with any provision of any law or regulation to which Borrowers are subject, or conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any of Borrowers  organizational documents or any agreement or instrument to which any Borrower is a party or by which it is bound, or any order or decree applicable to any Borrower, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of any Borrower s assets or property (other than pursuant to the Loan Documents). 
  3.1.4        Litigation  .  There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the best of Borrowers  knowledge, threatened against any Borrower, Sole Member, Guarantor, the Manager, any Property or the Collateral in any court or by or before any other Governmental Authority which, if adversely determined, might materially and adversely affect the condition (financial or otherwise) or business of any Borrower (including the ability of such Borrower to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement), Sole Member, Guarantor, Manager, the Collateral or the use, condition or ownership of any Property.  No Borrower has received any notice, and no Borrower has knowledge, that it is in default or violation of any order, writ, injunction, decree, regulation or demand of any Governmental Authority. 
  
   46 

3.1.5        Agreements  .  No Borrower is a party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any restriction which might materially and adversely affect any Borrower, any Property, the Collateral, or such Borrower s business, properties or assets, operations or condition, financial or otherwise.  No Borrower is in default with respect to any order or decree of any court or any order, regulation or demand of any Governmental Authority, which default might have consequences that would materially and adversely affect the condition (financial or other) or operations of such Borrower or its properties or might have consequences that would adversely affect its performance hereunder.  No Borrower is in default in any material respect in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any  of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any Permitted Encumbrance or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any Property is bound.   
  3.1.6        Consents  .  No consent, approval, authorization or order of nor filing with any court or Governmental Authority is required for the execution, delivery and performance by Borrowers of, or compliance by Borrowers with, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, other than those which have been obtained by Borrowers. 
  3.1.7        Title  .   
  (a)        Borrowers have good, marketable and insurable fee simple or leasehold, as applicable, title to the real property comprising part of the Properties and good title to the balance of the Properties owned by them, free and clear of all Liens whatsoever except the Permitted Encumbrances.  Sole Members own the Collateral free and clear of all Liens whatsoever other than the Lien of the Loan Documents.  The Mortgage, when properly recorded in the appropriate records, together with any Uniform Commercial Code financing statements required to be filed in connection therewith, will create (i) a valid, first priority, perfected Lien on Borrowers  interest in the Property, subject only to Permitted Encumbrances, and (ii) perfected security interests in and to, and perfected collateral assignments of, all personalty (including the Leases), all in accordance with the terms thereof, in each case subject only to the Permitted Encumbrances.  There are no mechanics , materialman s or other similar Liens or claims which have been filed for work, labor or materials affecting any Property which are or may be Liens prior to, or equal or coordinate with, the Lien of the Mortgage.  None of the Permitted Encumbrances, individually or in the aggregate, (a) materially interfere with the benefits of the security intended to be provided by the Mortgage and this Agreement, (b) materially and adversely affect the value of any Property, (c) impair the use or operations of any Property (as currently used), or (d) impair Borrowers  ability to pay its Obligations in a timely manner.  The Pledge Agreement, together with any Uniform Commercial Code financing statements required to be filed in connection therewith and the delivery of the original Certificates (as defined in the Pledge Agreement) to Agent, will create a valid, first priority, perfected Lien on Sole Members  interests in the Collateral, all in accordance with the terms thereof.  There are no claims for payment for work, labor or materials affecting such Property which are or may become a Lien prior to, or of equal priority with, the Liens created by the Loan Documents. 
  (b)        All transfer taxes, deed stamps, intangible taxes or other amounts in the nature of transfer taxes required to be paid under applicable Legal Requirements in connection with the transfer of the Properties to Borrowers have been paid.  All mortgage, mortgage recording, stamp, intangible or other similar tax required to be paid under applicable Legal Requirements in connection  
  
   47 

with the execution, delivery, recordation, filing, registration, perfection or enforcement of any of the Loan Documents, including the Mortgage, have been paid or are being paid simultaneously herewith.  All taxes and governmental assessments due and owing in respect of the Properties have been paid, or an escrow of funds in an amount sufficient to cover such payments has been established hereunder or are insured against by the Title Insurance Policy.  All taxes and governmental assessments due and owing in respect of the Collateral have been paid, or an escrow of funds in an amount sufficient to cover such payments has been established hereunder or are insured against by the UCC Title Insurance Policy. 
  (c)        Each Property is comprised of one (1) or more parcels which constitute separate tax lots and do not constitute a portion of any other tax lot not a part of such Property. 
  (d)        No Condemnation or other proceeding has been commenced or, to Borrowers  best knowledge, is contemplated with respect to all or any portion of any Property or for the relocation of roadways providing access to such Property. 
  (e)        There are no pending or proposed special or other assessments for public improvements or otherwise affecting any Property, nor, to Borrower s knowledge, are there any contemplated improvements to any Property that may result in such special or other assessments. 
  3.1.8        ERISA; No Plan Assets  .  As of the date hereof and throughout the Term (i) Borrowers, Guarantor and the ERISA Affiliates do not sponsor, are not obligated to contribute to, and are not themselves an  employee benefit plan,  as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, (ii) none of the assets of Borrowers or Guarantor constitutes or will constitute  plan assets  of one or more such plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 as modified in operation by Section 3(42) of ERISA, (iii) Borrowers and Guarantor are not and will not be a  governmental plan  within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA, and (iv) transactions by or with Borrowers or Guarantor are not and will not be subject to state statutes regulating investment of, and fiduciary obligations with respect to, governmental plans.  As of the date hereof, neither Borrowers, nor any ERISA Affiliate maintains, sponsors or contributes to or has any obligations with respect to a  defined benefit plan  (within the meaning of Section 3(35) of ERISA) or a  multiemployer pension plan  (within the meaning of Section 3(37)(A) of ERISA).  Borrowers have not engaged in any transaction in connection with which it could be subject to either a material civil penalty assessed pursuant to the provisions of Section 502 of ERISA or a material tax imposed under the provisions of Section 4975 of the Code. 
  3.1.9        Compliance  .  Borrowers and the Properties (including, but not limited to the Improvements) and the use thereof comply in all material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements, including parking, building and zoning and land use laws, ordinances, regulations and codes.  No Borrower is in default or violation of any order, writ, injunction, decree or demand of any Governmental Authority, the violation of which might materially adversely affect the condition (financial or otherwise) or business of such Borrower.  No Borrower has committed any act which may give any Governmental Authority the right to cause such Borrower to forfeit any Property or any part thereof or any monies paid in performance of Borrowers  Obligations under any of the Loan Documents.  Each Property is used exclusively for office and retail use and other appurtenant and related uses.  As of the date hereof, except as expressly set forth in the Zoning Reports, in the event that all or any part of the Improvements are destroyed or damaged said  
  
   48 

Improvements can be legally reconstructed to their condition prior to such damage or destruction, and thereafter exist for the same use without violating any zoning or other ordinances applicable thereto and without the necessity of obtaining any variances or special permits.  No legal proceedings are pending or, to the knowledge of Borrowers, threatened with respect to the zoning of any Property.  Neither the zoning nor any other right to construct, use or operate any Property is in any way dependent upon or related to any other property.  All material certifications, permits, licenses and approvals, including without limitation, certificates of completion and occupancy permits required of Borrowers for the legal use, occupancy and operation of the Properties for their current use (collectively, the    Licenses   ), have been obtained and are in full force and effect.  The use being made of each Property is in conformity with the certificate of occupancy issued for such Property and all other restrictions, covenants and conditions affecting such Property. 
  3.1.10        Financial Information  .  All reports, documents, instruments, information and financial data, including the statements of cash flow and income and operating expense, that have been delivered to Agent in connection with the Loan (i) are true, complete and correct in all material respects, (ii) accurately represent the financial condition of the Properties as of the date of such reports, (iii) in the case of financial data and reporting, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (the accrual basis or such other accounting basis acceptable to Agent) throughout the periods covered, except as disclosed therein, and (iv) when taken as a whole, are accurate, correct and sufficiently complete in all material respects to give Agent true and accurate knowledge of their subject matter and do not contain any misrepresentation or omission.  No Borrower has any contingent liabilities, liabilities for taxes, unusual forward or long-term commitments or unrealized or anticipated losses from any unfavorable commitments that are known to Borrowers and reasonably likely to have a materially adverse effect on the Collateral, any Property or the operation thereof, except as referred to or reflected in said financial statements.  Since the date of the financial statements, there has been no material adverse change in the financial condition, operations or business of any Borrower, the Collateral or any Property from that set forth in said financial statements. 
  3.1.11        Easements; Utilities and Public Access  .  All easements, cross easements, licenses, air rights and rights-of-way or other similar property interests (collectively,    Easements   ), if any, necessary for the full utilization of the Improvements for their intended purposes have been obtained, are described in the Title Insurance Policy and are in full force and effect without default thereunder.  Each Property has rights of access to public ways and is served by water, sewer, sanitary sewer and storm drain facilities adequate to service such Property for its intended uses.  All public utilities necessary or convenient to the full use and enjoyment of such Property are available for use by, and connected to serve, such Property without passing over other private property absent a valid irrevocable easement.  All roads necessary for the use of each Property for its current purpose have been completed and dedicated to public use and accepted by all Governmental Authorities. 
  3.1.12        Assignment of Leases  .  The Assignment of Leases creates a valid assignment of, or a valid security interest in, certain rights under the Leases, subject only to a license granted to Borrowers to exercise certain rights and to perform certain obligations of the lessor under the Leases, including the right to operate the Properties.  No Person other than Agent and Lenders has any interest in or assignment of the Leases or any portion of the Rents due and payable or to become due and payable thereunder. 
  
   49 

3.1.13        Insurance  .  Borrowers have obtained and have delivered to Agent original or certified copies of all of the Policies, with all premiums prepaid thereunder, reflecting the insurance coverages, amounts and other requirements set forth in this Agreement.  No claims have been made under any of the Policies, and, to Borrowers  knowledge, no Person, including each Borrower, has done, by act or omission, anything which would impair the coverage of any of the Policies. 
  3.1.14        Flood Zone  .  None of the Improvements on any Property are located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard area, or, if so located the flood insurance required pursuant to   Section 5.1.1(a)(i)   hereof is in full force and effect with respect to such Property. 
  3.1.15        Physical Condition  .  Except as may be expressly set forth in the Physical Conditions Report, to Borrowers  knowledge, (i) each Property, including all buildings, improvements, parking facilities, sidewalks, storm drainage systems, roofs, plumbing systems, HVAC systems, fire protection systems, electrical systems, equipment, elevators, exterior sidings and doors, landscaping, irrigation systems and all structural components, are in good condition, order and repair in all material respects; and (ii) there exists no structural or other material defects or damages in any Property, whether latent or otherwise.  No Borrower has received notice from any insurance company or bonding company of any defects or inadequacies in any Property, or any part thereof, which would adversely affect the insurability of the same or cause the imposition of extraordinary premiums or charges thereon or any termination or threatened termination of any policy of insurance or bond. 
  3.1.16      Boundaries  .  Except as disclosed in the Survey, (i) all of the Improvements which were included in determining the appraised value of the Properties lie wholly within the boundaries and building restriction lines of the relevant Property, (ii) no improvements on adjoining properties encroach upon any Property, and (iii) no easements or other encumbrances affecting any Property encroach upon any of the Improvements, so as to affect the value or marketability of any Property, except those which are set forth on a Survey and insured against by the Title Insurance Policy. 
  3.1.17        Leases  .  As of the date hereof, the rent rolls attached hereto as   Schedule I   are true, complete and correct and no Property is subject to any Leases other than the Leases described in   Schedule I  .  Borrowers are the owners and lessors of landlord s interest in the Leases.  No Person has any possessory interest in any Property or right to occupy the same except under and pursuant to the provisions of the Leases or the Ground Lease.  Except as set forth on the rent rolls attached hereto as   Schedule I   or otherwise provided from time to time pursuant hereto: (i) the Leases are in full force and effect and there are no defaults thereunder by either party beyond any applicable notice or cure period, and, to Borrower s knowledge, there are no conditions that, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute defaults thereunder, (ii) the copies of the Leases delivered to Agent are true and complete, and there are no oral agreements with respect thereto, (iii) no Rent (including security deposits) has been paid more than one (1) month in advance of its due date, (iv) all work to be performed by any Borrower under each Lease has been performed as required and has been accepted by the applicable Tenant, (v) any payments, free rent, partial rent, rebate of rent or other payments, credits, allowances or abatements required to be given by any Borrower to any Tenant has already been received by such Tenant, (vi) the Tenants under the Leases have accepted possession of and are in occupancy of all of their respective demised Property and have commenced the payment of full, unabated rent under the Leases, (vii) Borrowers have delivered  
  
   50 

to Agent a true, correct and complete list of all security deposits made by Tenants at each Property which have not been applied (including accrued interest thereon), all of which are held by Borrowers in accordance with the terms of the applicable Lease and applicable Legal Requirements, (viii) each Tenant is free from bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings, (ix) no Tenant under any Lease (or any sublease) is a Borrower Related Party, (x) the Tenants under the Leases are open for business and paying full, unabated rent and no Tenant has requested to discontinue its business at its premises, (xi) there are no brokerage fees or commissions due and payable in connection with the leasing of space at any Property, except as has been previously disclosed to Agent in writing, and no such fees or commissions will become due and payable in the future in connection with the Leases, including by reason of any extension of such Lease or expansion of the space leased thereunder, except as has previously been disclosed to Agent in writing, (xii) except as expressly provided in any Lease, no Tenant under any Lease has any right or option for additional space in the Improvements, and (xiii) to Borrowers  knowledge, no Tenant has assigned its Lease or sublet all or any portion of the premises demised thereby, no such Tenant holds its leased premises under assignment or sublease, nor does anyone except such Tenant and its employees occupy such leased premises.  No Tenant under any Lease has a right or option pursuant to such Lease or otherwise to purchase all or any part of the leased premises or the building of which the leased premises are a part.  There has been no prior sale, transfer or assignment, hypothecation or pledge of any Lease or of the Rents received therein which is still in effect. 
  3.1.18        Tax Filings  .  To the extent required, each Borrower has filed (or has obtained effective extensions for filing) all  non-U.S. and all U.S. federal, state, commonwealth, district and local tax returns required to be filed and has paid or made adequate provision for the payment of all federal, state, commonwealth, district and local taxes, charges and assessments payable by such Borrower.  Each Borrower s tax returns (if any) properly reflect the income and taxes of such Borrower for the periods covered thereby. 
  3.1.19        No Fraudulent Transfer  .  No Borrower has entered into the transaction or any Loan Document with the actual intent to hinder, delay, or defraud any creditor, and each Borrower has received reasonably equivalent value in exchange for its Obligations under the Loan Documents.  Giving effect to the Loan, the fair saleable value of Borrowers  assets exceeds and will, immediately following the making of the Loan, exceed Borrowers  total liabilities, including subordinated, unliquidated, disputed and contingent liabilities.  The fair saleable value of Borrowers  assets is, and immediately following the making of the Loan, will be, greater than Borrowers  probable liabilities, including the maximum amount of its contingent liabilities on its debts as such debts become absolute and matured.  Borrowers  assets do not and, immediately following the making of the Loan will not, constitute unreasonably small capital to carry out its business as conducted or as proposed to be conducted.  Borrowers do not intend to, and do not believe that they will, incur Indebtedness or liabilities (including contingent liabilities and other commitments) beyond their ability to pay such Indebtedness and liabilities as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be received by Borrowers and the amounts to be payable on or in respect of the obligations of Borrowers).  No petition in bankruptcy has been filed against any Borrower or any constituent Person of any Borrower, and no Borrower or any constituent Person of any Borrower has ever made an assignment for the benefit of creditors or taken advantage of any insolvency act for the benefit of debtors.  No Borrower or any of its constituent Persons is contemplating either the filing of a petition by it under any state or federal bankruptcy or insolvency laws or the liquidation  
  
   51 

of all or a major portion of such Borrower s assets or properties, and no Borrower has knowledge of any Person contemplating the filing of any such petition against it or such constituent Persons. 
  3.1.20        Federal Reserve Regulations  .  No part of the proceeds of the Loan will be used for the purpose of purchasing or acquiring any  margin stock  within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or for any other purpose which would be inconsistent with such Regulation U or any other Regulations of such Board of Governors, or for any purposes prohibited by Legal Requirements or by the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 
  3.1.21        Organizational Chart  .  The organizational chart attached as   Schedule III  , relating to Borrowers, Sole Members and certain Affiliates and other parties, is true, complete and correct on and as of the date hereof.   
  3.1.22        Organizational Status  .   
  (a)        Davies Center Borrower s exact legal name is: Davies Pacific, LLC.  Davies Center Borrower is of the following organizational type (e.g., corporation, limited liability company): limited liability company, and the jurisdiction in which Davies Center Borrower is organized is: Delaware.  Davies Center Borrower s Tax I.D. number is 20-5537198. Davies Center Borrower s Delaware Organizational I.D. number is 4216640. 
  (b)        Pan Am Borrowers  exact legal names are: Pan Am I, LLC, Pan Am II, LLC, Pan Am III, LLC and Pan Am IV, LLC.  Each Pan Am Borrower is of the following organizational type (e.g., corporation, limited liability company): limited liability company, and the jurisdiction in which each Pan Am Borrower is organized is: Delaware.  Pan Am Borrowers  Tax I.D. numbers are Pan Am I, LLC, 20-5114346; Pan Am II, LLC, 20-5114383; Pan Am III, LLC, 20-5114422; Pan Am IV, LLC, 20-5114454.  Pan Am Borrowers  Delaware Organizational I.D. numbers are: Pan Am I, LLC, 4172687; Pan Am II, LLC, 4172692; Pan Am III, LLC, 4177592; Pan Am IV, LLC, 4177594. 
  (c)        Waterfront Borrowers  exact legal names are: Waterfront A, LLC, Waterfront B, LLC, Waterfront C, LLC, Waterfront D, LLC and Waterfront E, LLC.  Each Waterfront Borrower is of the following organizational type (e.g., corporation, limited liability company): limited liability company, and the jurisdiction in which each Waterfront Borrower is organized is: Delaware.  Waterfront Borrowers  Tax I.D. numbers are: Waterfront A, LLC, 20-5136580; Waterfront B, LLC, 20-5136636; Waterfront C, LLC, 20-5136668; Waterfront D, LLC, 20-5136705; Waterfront E, LLC, 20-5136759. Waterfront Borrowers  Delaware Organizational I.D. numbers are: Waterfront A, LLC, 4170391; Waterfront B, LLC, 4171554; Waterfront C, LLC, 4170394; Waterfront D, LLC, 4170398; Waterfront E, LLC, 4170400. 
  (d)        Sole Members  exact legal names are: DPC Mezzanine, LLC, Pan Am Mezzanine I, LLC, Pan Am Mezzanine II, LLC, Pan Am Mezzanine III, LLC, Pan Am Mezzanine IV, LLC, WFP Mezzanine A, LLC, WFP Mezzanine B, LLC, WFP Mezzanine C, LLC, WFP Mezzanine D, LLC and WFP Mezzanine E, LLC.  Each Sole Member is of the following organizational type (e.g., corporation, limited liability company): limited liability company, and the jurisdiction in which each Sole Member is organized is: Delaware.  Sole Members  Tax I.D. numbers  
  
   52 

are: DPC Mezzanine, LLC, 20-5537144; Pan Am Mezzanine I, LLC, 20-5114152; Pan Am Mezzanine II,  LLC, 20-5114199; Pan Am Mezzanine III, LLC, 20-5114252; Pan Am Mezzanine IV, LLC, 20-5114297; WFP Mezzanine A, LLC, 20-5112349; WFP Mezzanine B, LLC, 20-5112493; WFP Mezzanine C, LLC, 20-5112918; WFP Mezzanine D, LLC, 20-5113145; WFP Mezzanine E, LLC, 20-5113885.  Sole Members  Delaware Organizational I.D. numbers are: DPC Mezzanine, LLC, 4216641; Pan Am Mezzanine I, LLC, 4172694; Pan Am Mezzanine II,  LLC, 4172695; Pan Am Mezzanine III, LLC, 4177596; Pan Am Mezzanine IV, LLC, 4177600; WFP Mezzanine A, LLC, 4170418; WFP Mezzanine B, LLC, 4170421; WFP Mezzanine C, LLC, 4170424; WFP Mezzanine D, LLC, 4170430; WFP Mezzanine E, LLC, 4170433. 
  3.1.23        Bank Holding Company  .  No Borrower is a  bank holding company  or a direct or indirect subsidiary of a  bank holding company  as defined in the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and Regulation Y thereunder of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
  3.1.24        No Casualty  .  No Improvements at any Property have suffered a material casualty or damage which has not been fully repaired and the cost thereof fully paid. 
  3.1.25        Purchase Options  .  Other than the Pan Am PSA with respect to the Pan Am Property, no Property or any part thereof is subject to any purchase options, rights of first refusal, rights of first offer or other similar rights in favor of third parties. 
  3.1.26        FIRPTA  .  No Borrower is a  foreign person  within the meaning of Sections 1445 or 7701 of the Code. 
  3.1.27        Investment Company Act  .  No Borrower is (i) an  investment company  or a company  controlled  by an  investment company  within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (ii) subject to any other United States federal or state law or regulation which purports to restrict or regulate its ability to borrow money. 
  3.1.28        Fiscal Year  .  Each fiscal year of each Borrower commences on January 1. 
  3.1.29        Other Debt  .  There is no indebtedness with respect to any Property or any excess cash flow or any residual interest therein, whether secured or unsecured, no Borrower or Sole Member has any financial obligation (contingent or otherwise) under any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which any Borrower or Sole Member is a party or by which such Borrower or Sole Member or any Property is otherwise bound, in each case, other than (a) Permitted Indebtedness, and (b) Permitted Encumbrances. 
  3.1.30        Contracts  . 
  (a)        As of the date hereof, no Borrower has entered into, or is bound by, any Major Contract which continues in existence, except as set forth on   Schedule 3.1.30   attached hereto. 
  (b)        Each of the Major Contracts is in full force and effect, there are no monetary or other material defaults by any Borrower thereunder and, to the best knowledge of Borrowers, there are no monetary or other material defaults thereunder by any other party thereto.  No Borrower,  
  
   53 

Manager or any other Person acting on any Borrower s behalf has given or received any notice of default under any of the Major Contracts that remains uncured or in dispute. 
  (c)        Borrowers have delivered true, correct and complete copies of the Major Contracts (including all amendments and supplements thereto) to Agent. 
  (d)        Except for the Management Agreements and the TIC Agreements, no Borrower is a party to any contract or agreement where the counterparty (as opposed to a co-obligor) is an Affiliate of any Borrower.  All fees and other compensation for services previously performed under the Management Agreement have been paid in full. 
  3.1.31        Full and Accurate Disclosure  .  No statement of fact made by any Borrower in this Agreement or in any of the other Loan Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make statements contained herein or therein not misleading.  There is no fact presently known to any Borrower which has not been disclosed to Agent which adversely affects, nor as far as any Borrower can foresee, might adversely affect, any Property or the Collateral or the business, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of any Borrower or Guarantor in each case, in any material respect. 
  3.1.32        Other Obligations and Liabilities  .  No Borrower has any liabilities or other obligations that arose or accrued prior to the date hereof that, either individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on any Borrower, any Property and/or Borrowers  ability to pay the Debt.  No Borrower has any known contingent liabilities. 
  3.1.33        Intellectual Property/Websites  .  As of the date hereof, other than as set forth on   Schedule VI  , no of Borrower or any Affiliate (i) has or holds any tradenames, trademarks, servicemarks, logos, copyrights, patents or other intellectual property (collectively,    Intellectual Property   ) with respect to any Property or the use or operations thereof or is (ii) is the registered holder of any website with respect to any Property (other than Tenant websites). 
  3.1.34        Operations Agreements  .  As of the date hereof, each Operations Agreement is in full force and effect and no Borrower nor, to Borrowers  knowledge, any other party to any Operations Agreement, is in default thereunder, and to the best of Borrowers  knowledge, there are no conditions which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. 
  3.1.35        Illegal Activity  .  No portion of any Property has been or will be purchased with proceeds of any illegal activity. 
  3.1.36        Control  .    Guarantor (i) is actively involved in each Property and the management thereof, (ii) directly or indirectly Controls each Borrower, Sole Member, and the operation of each Property, and (iii) subject to any Permitted Transfer, directly or indirectly owns (and at all times shall own) not less than the same aggregate direct and/or indirect interests in each Borrower and Sole Member and each Property as Guarantor owns on the Closing Date. 
  3.1.37        Ground Lease  .  Borrowers hereby represent and warrant to Agent and Lenders the following with respect to the Ground Lease:  
  
   54 

(a)        Recording; Modification  .  The Ground Lease has been duly recorded.  Upon obtaining the consent of the ground lessor under the Ground Lease to the recording of the Waterfront Mortgage, the Ground Lease may be encumbered by the Waterfront Mortgage.  There have not been amendments or modifications to the terms of the Ground Lease since its recordation, with the exception of written instruments which have been recorded or are no longer in effect.   
  (b)        No Liens  .  Except for the Permitted Encumbrances, Ground Lease Borrower s interest in the Ground Lease is not subject to any Liens or encumbrances superior to, or of equal priority with, the Waterfront Mortgage other than the ground lessor s related fee interest.  The Ground Lease is, and shall remain, prior to any mortgage or Lien upon the ground lessor s related fee interest, and ground lessor has not entered into any agreement to subordinate the Ground Lease to any future mortgages or Liens upon the ground lessor s related fee interest. 
  (c)        Ground Lease Assignable  .  Ground Lease Borrower s interest in the Ground Lease, upon foreclosure or a conveyance in lieu of foreclosure, is assignable to Agent upon notice to, but without the consent of, the ground lessor (or, if any such consent is required, it has been obtained prior to the Closing Date).  The Ground Lease is further assignable by Agent, its successors and assigns without the consent of the ground lessor. 
  (d)        Default  .  As of the date hereof, the Ground Lease is in full force and effect and no default has occurred under the Ground Lease and, to Borrowers  knowledge, there is no existing condition which, but for the passage of time and/or the giving of notice, could result in a default under the terms of the Ground Lease.  All rents, additional rents and other sums due and payable under the Ground Lease have been paid in full.  Neither Ground Lease Borrower nor the ground lessor under the Ground Lease has commenced any action or given or received any notice for the purpose of terminating the Ground Lease    . 
  (e)        No Merger  .  The Ground Lease requires that fee title to the Waterfront Property and the leasehold estate created by the Ground Lease shall not merge and shall always be kept separate and distinct, notwithstanding the union of such estates in Ground Lease Borrower, Agent or any other Person by purchase, operation of law or otherwise, unless Agent has provided its prior written consent. 
  (f)        Notice  .  The Ground Lease requires the ground lessor to give notice of any default by Ground Lease Borrower to Agent.  The Ground Lease, or the consent and estoppel certificate received by Agent from the ground lessor, further provides that notice of intention to terminate the Ground Lease shall be delivered to Agent in the manner described in the Ground Lease. 
  (g)        Cure  .  Agent is permitted the opportunity (including, where necessary, sufficient time to gain possession of the interest of Ground Lease Borrower under the Ground Lease) to cure any default under the Ground Lease which is curable, after the receipt of notice of the default, before the ground lessor thereunder may terminate the Ground Lease. 
  (h)        Term  .  The Ground Lease has a term which extends not less than thirty (30) years beyond the Stated Maturity Date  . 
  
   55 

(i)        New Lease  .  The Ground Lease requires the ground lessor to enter into a new lease with Agent on substantially similar terms upon termination of the Ground Lease for any reason provided therein, including rejection of the Ground Lease in a bankruptcy proceeding.  Such new lease shall be prior to any existing mortgage upon the ground lessor s related fee interest. 
  (j)        Insurance Proceeds  .  Under the terms of the Ground Lease and the applicable Mortgage, taken together, any related insurance and condemnation proceeds will be applied either to the repair or restoration of all or part of the Waterfront Property encumbered by the Ground Lease, with a trustee having the right to hold and disburse the proceeds as the repair or restoration progresses, or to the payment of the Outstanding Principal Balance together with any accrued interest thereon. 
  (k)        Subleasing  .  The Ground Lease does not impose any restrictions on subleasing space in any of the buildings demised by the Ground Lease. 
  3.1.38        Pan Am PSA  .  Borrowers have provided a true, correct and complete copy of the Pan Am PSA, which is attached hereto as   Exhibit B  .  The Pan Am PSA has been duly executed and is enforceable in accordance with its terms.  The Pan Am PSA is in full force and effect and there is no default, breach or violation existing thereunder by any party thereto and, to Pan Am Borrower s knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default, breach or violation by any party thereunder.  Neither the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents nor any Borrower s performance thereunder will adversely affect Pan Am Borrower s rights under the Pan Am PSA.  
  3.1.39        TIC Agreements  .   
  (a)        The TIC Agreements are in full force and effect and neither TIC Agreement has been modified or amended. 
  (b)        There are no defaults under either TIC Agreement on the part of any Borrower, and no event has occurred, which with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default under either TIC Agreement on the part of any Borrower. 
  (c)        Each tenant-in-common under each TIC Agreement agrees that it will not seek or be entitled to seek and obtain a partition of all or any part of the Property without first obtaining the prior written consent of Agent, and each tenant-in-common expressly waives any right it may have to partition the Property or any part thereof. 
  (d)        Each tenant-in-common under each TIC Agreement agrees that the applicable TIC Agreement, and all rights and privileges and remedies of each tenant-in-common thereunder, including without limitation, any rights of first refusal, purchase options or other similar rights under such TIC Agreement, are subject and subordinate to the Mortgage and the other Loan Documents and the Liens created thereby, and to all rights of the Agent and Lenders thereunder. 
  (e)        Each tenant-in-common under each TIC Agreement agrees that it will not exercise any remedy provided for in the applicable TIC Agreement (including any rights of indemnification) against any other party for as long as the Loan (or any portion thereof) is outstanding. 
  
   56 

(f)        Each tenant-in-common under each TIC Agreement waives, for so long as the Loan (or any portion thereof) is outstanding, any lien rights, whether statutory or otherwise, that it may have against the co-tenancy interest of any other tenant-in-common. 
  (g)        Each tenant-in-common under each TIC Agreement agrees that for so long as the Loan (or any portion thereof) is outstanding, Agent (for the benefit of Lenders) shall be a third party beneficiary of the TIC Agreement. 
  (h)        Other than the applicable TIC Agreement, there are no agreements, either oral or in writing, governing the tenant in common relationship of the Pan Am Borrowers or the Waterfront Borrowers, as applicable.  Attached hereto as   Schedule XI-A   is a schedule of the Pan Am Borrowers  tenant in common interests in the Pan Am Property.  Attached hereto as   Schedule XI-B   is a schedule of the Waterfront Borrowers  tenant in common interests in the Ground Lease. 
  Section 3.2        Survival of Representations  .  The representations and warranties set forth in   Section 3.1   and elsewhere in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall (i) survive until the Obligations have been paid and performed in full and (ii) be deemed to have been relied upon by Agent and each Lender notwithstanding any investigation heretofore or hereafter made by Agent or any Lender or on its behalf. 
  ARTICLE 4           BORROWER COVENANTS 
  Until the end of the Term, Borrowers hereby covenant and agree with Agent and each Lender that:  
  Section 4.1        Payment and Performance of Obligations  .  Borrowers shall pay and otherwise perform the Obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
  Section 4.2        Due on Sale and Encumbrance; Transfers of Interests  .   
  (a)        Borrowers acknowledge that Agent and each Lender has examined and relied on the experience of Borrowers, their members and principals of Borrowers in owning and operating properties such as the Properties in agreeing to make the Loan, and will continue to rely on Borrowers  ownership of the Properties as a means of maintaining the value of the Properties as security for repayment of the Debt and the performance of the Other Obligations.  Borrowers acknowledge that Agent and each Lender has a valid interest in maintaining the value of the Properties and the Collateral so as to ensure that, should Borrowers default in the repayment of the Debt or the performance of the Other Obligations, Agent and Lenders can recover the Debt by a sale of the Properties and/or the Collateral.   
  (b)        Without the prior written consent of Agent, and except to the extent otherwise set forth in this   Section 4.2  , Borrowers shall not, and shall not permit any Borrower Party or any other Person having a direct or indirect ownership or beneficial interest in any Borrower or Sole Member, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, to do any of the following (collectively, a    Transfer   ): (i) sell, convey, mortgage, grant, bargain, encumber, pledge, assign, grant options with respect to, lease, license, rent, or otherwise transfer or dispose of (directly or indirectly, voluntarily or  
  
   57 

involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, and whether or not for consideration or of record) any Property or any part thereof or any direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest therein or in any Borrower Party, directly or indirectly, at any tier of ownership, or (ii) permit a Sale or Pledge of any direct or indirect interest in any Borrower Party or any Person having a direct or indirect ownership or beneficial interest in a Borrower Party, in each case, other than Permitted Transfers.  
  (c)        A Transfer shall include, but not be limited to, (i) an installment sales agreement wherein any Borrower agrees to sell the Collateral, any Property or any part thereof for a price to be paid in installments; (ii) an agreement by any Borrower leasing all or a substantial portion of any Property or a sale, assignment or other transfer of, or the grant of a security interest in, any Borrower s right, title and interest in and to any Gross Revenue; (iii) if a Borrower Party or its direct or indirect owners is a corporation, any merger, consolidation or Sale or Pledge of such corporation s stock or the creation or issuance of new stock; (iv) if a Borrower Party or its direct or indirect owners is a limited or general partnership or joint venture, any merger or consolidation or the change, removal, resignation or addition of a general partner or the Sale or Pledge of the partnership interest of any general partner or any profits or proceeds relating to such partnership interest, or the Sale or Pledge of limited partnership interests or any profits or proceeds relating to such limited partnership interest or the creation or issuance of new limited partnership interests; (v) if a Borrower Party or its direct or indirect owners is a limited liability company, any merger or consolidation or the change, removal, resignation or addition of a managing member or non-member manager (or if no managing member, any member) or the Sale or Pledge of the membership interest of a managing member (or if no managing member, any member) or any profits or proceeds relating to such membership interest, or the Sale or Pledge of non-managing membership interests or the creation or issuance of new non managing membership interests; (vi) if a Borrower Party or its direct or indirect owners is a trust or nominee trust, any merger, consolidation or the Sale or Pledge of the legal or beneficial interest in such Borrower Party or its direct or indirect owners or the creation or issuance of new legal or beneficial interests; (vii) any direct and/or indirect change of Control of any Borrower such that Guarantor no longer directly and/or indirectly Controls any Borrower; (viii) entering into any contract to do any of the foregoing (unless closing of such contract is conditioned on obtaining Agent s consent); (ix) any surrender, termination, cancellation, change, amendment, supplementation or other modification of the Ground Lease; or (x) any contractual arrangement intended to provide similar benefits (regardless of whether or not such benefits are limited to economic participation, control and/or otherwise) to the counterparties thereto as would be obtained by consummating a Transfer. 
  Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary (and notwithstanding the foregoing definition of    Transfer   )), for the avoidance of doubt, it is acknowledged and agreed that none of the following shall be treated as  Transfers  for purposes of this Agreement: (A) distributions of Available Cash to Borrower in accordance with   Section 6.10.1(xii)(B)   and any subsequent distribution of the same to any Borrower Party, and (B) dispositions and/or replacements of Equipment and other personal property in accordance with   Section 4.12  , and/or (C) the payment of Operating Expenses, Approved Capital Expenditures and Approved Extraordinary Expenditures  in the ordinary course of operations and maintenance of the Properties, subject to Borrowers  compliance with   Article 6   hereof. 
  (d)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this   Section 4.2  , and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the following Transfers (herein, the  
  
   58 

Permitted Transfers   ) shall be permitted by this Agreement, subject to the applicable requirements set forth herein and in the immediately succeeding   clause (e)  : 
  (i)        a Lease entered into in accordance with the Loan Documents;  
  (ii)        a Permitted Encumbrance; 
  (iii)        entering into the Pan Am PSA, the sale of the Pan Am Property to Pan Am Purchaser pursuant to the Pan Am PSA (and, following any such sale of the Pan Am Property pursuant to the Pan Am PSA, the dissolution of Pan Am Borrower and its Sole Member); 
  (iv)        the sale of any Property other than the Pan Am Property pursuant to   Section 2.5.1   (and, following such sale pursuant to   Section 2.5.1  , the dissolution of the applicable Borrower(s) and Sole Member(s) which theretofore owned such Property);  
  (v)        subject to compliance with   clause (x)   below, the transfer of publicly traded shares in any indirect equity owner of any Borrower;  
  (vi)        any Transfer, directly as a result of the death or legal incapacity of a natural person, of any interests previously held by such person to the Person or Persons lawfully entitled thereto; 
  (vii)        any Transfer required by Agent pursuant to   Section 8.2.5   of this Agreement;  
  (viii)        subject to the prior written consent of Agent and DQ Lender 1, (1) a Transfer of the membership interests in any Pan Am Borrower to an entity that is, on the date hereof and on the date of such Transfer, the Sole Member of another Pan Am Borrower or a newly formed Special Purpose Bankruptcy Remote Entity owned by a Sole Member of a Pan Am Borrower (the    New Pan Am SPE   ), (2) and/or the merger of any Pan Am Borrower with and into any other Pan Am Borrower or the New Pan Am SPE, and/or (3) the merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving any Pan Am Borrower pursuant to which one or more Pan Am Borrowers transfers all of its assets (and liabilities) to one or more other Pan Am Borrowers and dissolves (any such transaction, the    Pan Am TIC Restructuring   ), in each case for the sole purpose of reorganizing the ownership of the Pan Am Property such that the Pan Am Property is no longer owned as a tenancy-in-common (in any such transaction, the resultant owner of the Pan Am Property shall be known as the    New Pan Am Borrower   , and the resultant sole member of the New Pan Am Borrower shall be known as the    New Pan Am Sole Member      provided  ,   however  , that, Agent s and DQ Lender 1 s consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed to the Pan Am TIC Restructuring if, prior to or concurrently with such Transfer, the following conditions have been satisfied:  
  (A)        No Event of Default is then occurring and continuing;  
  
   59 

(B)        such Pan Am TIC Restructuring closes prior to the closing of the transactions contemplated in the Pan Am PSA;  
  (C)        Agent, in Agent s reasonable discretion, has determined that the Pan Am TIC Restructuring will not adversely impact Agent s lien on the Pan Am Property or on the Collateral; 
  (D)        in the event the New Pan Am Borrower is a New Pan Am SPE, New Pan Am SPE assumes Pan Am Borrower s obligations under the Pan Am PSA;  
  (E)        Agent and DQ Lender 1, in their reasonable discretion, have determined that the Pan Am TIC Restructuring will not adversely impact the Pan Am PSA;  
  (F)        New Pan Am Borrower delivers to Agent an assumption all liabilities and obligations of the Pan Am Borrowers, after which, New Pan Am Borrower shall be deemed the  Pan Am Borrower  or  Pan Am Borrowers , as applicable, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;  
  (G)        New Pan Am Sole Member delivers to Agent a new Pledge Agreement and a new Pledge Agreement Guaranty, after which, New Pan Am Sole Member shall be deemed the  Sole Member  or  Sole Members , as applicable, of Pan Am Borrowers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;  
  (H)        Guarantor, Davies Center Borrower and Waterfront Borrowers deliver to Agent a reaffirmation of their respective obligations of the Loan Documents; and 
  (I)        the Borrower Parties execute all other documents and deliver any endorsements, modifications and/or supplements to the Title Insurance policy and the UCC Title Insurance Policy as reasonably required by Agent; and 
  (ix)        subject to the prior written consent of Agent, (1) a Transfer of the membership interests in any Waterfront Borrower to an entity that is, on the date hereof and on the date of such Transfer, the Sole Member of another Waterfront Borrower or a newly formed Special Purpose Bankruptcy Remote Entity owned by a Sole Member of a Waterfront Borrower (the    New Waterfront SPE   ), (2) and/or the merger of any Waterfront Borrower with and into any other Waterfront Borrower or the New Waterfront SPE, and/or (3) the merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving any Waterfront Borrower pursuant to which one or more Waterfront Borrowers transfers all of its assets (and liabilities) to one or more other Waterfront Borrowers and dissolves (any such transaction, the    Waterfront TIC Restructuring   ), in each case for the sole purpose of reorganizing the ownership of the Waterfront Property such that the Waterfront Property is no longer owned as a tenancy-in-common (in any such transaction, the resultant owner of the Waterfront Property shall be known  
  
   60 

as the    New Waterfront Borrower   , and the resultant sole member of the New Waterfront Borrower shall be known as the    New Waterfront Sole Member      provided  ,   however  , that, Agent s consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed to the Waterfront TIC Restructuring if, prior to or concurrently with such Transfer, the following conditions have been satisfied:  
  (A)        No Event of Default is then occurring and continuing;  
  (B)        Agent, in Agent s reasonable discretion, has determined that the Waterfront TIC Restructuring will not adversely impact Agent s lien on the Waterfront Property or on the Collateral  ;  
  (C)        New Waterfront Borrower delivers to Agent an assumption all liabilities and obligations of the Waterfront Borrowers, after which, New Waterfront Borrower shall be deemed the  Waterfront Borrower  or  Waterfront Borrowers , as applicable, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;  
  (D)        New Waterfront Sole Member delivers to Agent a new Pledge Agreement and a new Pledge Agreement Guaranty, after which, New Waterfront Sole Member shall be deemed the  Sole Member  or  Sole Members , as applicable, of Waterfront Borrowers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;  
  (E)        Guarantor, Davies Center Borrower and Pan Am Borrowers deliver to Agent a reaffirmation of their respective obligations of the Loan Documents;  
  (F)        the Borrower Parties execute all other documents and deliver any endorsements, modifications and/or supplements to the Title Insurance policy and the UCC Title Insurance Policy as reasonably required by Agent;  
  (x)        any Transfer of a direct or indirect interest or beneficial interest (including redemption or issuance of such ownership or beneficial interest) in Pacific Office Properties, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership; provided that, after giving effect to any such Transfer, (1) Guarantor (or in the event of a prior death or legal incapacity of Guarantor, the replacement Guarantor under   Section 8.1(xxi)  ) continues to own at least 25% of the direct or indirect interests in Borrowers, and (2) Guarantor (or in the event of a prior death or legal incapacity of Guarantor, the replacement Guarantor under   Section 8.1(xxi)  ) continues to Control Sole Members and Borrowers to substantially the same degree Guarantor Controls Sole Members and Borrowers as of the Closing Date; and 
  (xi)        in connection with a one-time recapitalization of Pacific Office Properties, L.P., the Transfer of an indirect Controlling ownership interest in Sole Members and Borrowers (a    Control Transfer   ) to an unrelated Person (the    Control Transferee   ), provided that the following conditions are satisfied: 
  
   61 

(A)        Borrowers have provided Agent with not less than sixty (60) days prior written notice, which notice shall contain sufficient detail to enable Agent to determine that the Control Transferee complies with the requirements set forth herein; 
  (B)        no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;  
  (C)        Each Borrower shall continue to be a Special Purpose Bankruptcy Remote Entity in accordance with   Section 4.4   and   Schedule V  ; 
  (D)        Control Transferee shall be a Qualified Transferee with a minimum ownership interest in Borrowers acceptable to Agent and Lenders and (y) whose identity, experience, financial condition and creditworthiness, including net worth and liquidity, is acceptable to Agent and Lenders; 
  (E)        the Properties shall be managed by a property manager acceptable to Agent;  
  (F)          Borrowers and Sole Member shall have executed and delivered to Agent an reaffirmation of the Loan Documents in form and substance acceptable to Agent;  
  (G)        each replacement guarantor and indemnitor is an Approved Replacement Guarantor; 
  (H)        each Approved Replacement Guarantor shall deliver to Agent (for the benefit of Lenders) a guaranty of recourse obligations (in the same form as the guaranty of recourse obligations delivered to Agent by Guarantor on the date hereof) and an environmental indemnity agreement (in the same form as the environmental indemnity agreement delivered to Agent by Guarantor on the date hereof), pursuant to which, in each case, the Approved Replacement Guarantor(s) agree(s) to be liable under each such guaranty of recourse obligations and environmental indemnity agreement from and after the date of such Control Transfer (whereupon the previous guarantor shall be released from any further liability under the guaranty of recourse obligations for acts that arise from and after the date of such Control Transfer and such Approved Replacement Guarantor(s) shall be the  Guarantor  for all purposes set forth in this Agreement);  
  (I)        Control Transferee shall submit to Agent true, correct and complete copies of all documents reasonably requested by Agent concerning the organization and existence of Control Transferee and each Approved Replacement Guarantor;  
  (J)        satisfactory Patriot Act, OFAC and similar searches shall have been received by Agent with respect to (A) each Approved Replacement Guarantor, (B) Control Transferee, (C) any Person that Controls Control Transferee or owns an indirect equity interest in Borrowers which equals or exceeds twenty percent (20%)  
  
   62 

and (D) any other Person reasonably required by Agent in order for Agent to fulfill its then-current Patriot Act compliance guidelines;  
  (K)        counsel to Control Transferee and each Approved Replacement Guarantor(s) shall deliver to Agent opinions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent as to such matters as Agent shall require, which may include opinions as to substantially the same matters and were required in connection with the origination of the Loan (including a new substantive non-consolidation opinion); 
  (L)        Borrowers shall cause to be delivered to Agent, an endorsement (relating to the change in the identity of the vestee and execution and delivery of the Control Transfer documents) to the Title Insurance Policy in form and substance acceptable to Agent, in Agent s reasonable discretion;  
  (M)        Control Transferee and/or Borrowers shall deliver to Agent (for the benefit of Lenders), upon such conveyance, a transfer fee equal to 1% of the Outstanding Principal Balance; 
  (N)        Borrowers shall pay all of Agent s and Lender s reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses in connection with the Control Transfer.  Agent may, as a condition to evaluating any requested consent to a transfer, require that Borrowers post a cash deposit with Agent in an amount equal to Agent and Lender s anticipated costs and expenses in evaluating any such request for consent; and 
  (O)        Borrowers shall have otherwise received Agent s prior written consent to such Control Transfer (which consent, (i) prior to the sale of the Pan Am Property pursuant to the Pan Am PSA, may be withheld in Agent s sole and absolute discretion, and (ii) following the sale of the Pan Am Property pursuant to the Pan Am PSA, shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed so long as all of the other conditions set forth in this   Section 4.2(d)(xi)   have been satisfied). 
  (e)        In connection with any proposed Permitted Transfer described in   clauses (v)  ,   (vi)  ,   (viii)  ,   (ix)  ,   (x)   or   (xi)   of   Section 4.2(d)  : 
  (i)        Borrowers shall pay all costs and expenses of Agent and Lenders in connection with such Transfer, whether or not such Transfer is deemed to be a Permitted Transfer, including, without limitation, all fees and expenses of Agent s and Lenders  counsel, whether internal or outside, and the cost of any required counsel. 
  (ii)        Borrowers shall provide Agent with copies of all organizational documents, if applicable, relating to such Permitted Transfer. 
  (iii)        In connection with any such Transfer in which a Person that did not previously own twenty percent (20%) or more of the aggregate direct and/or indirect ownership interests (at any tier of ownership) in any Borrower shall acquire such a twenty percent (20%) direct and/or indirect ownership interest (at any tier of ownership) in any Borrower, Borrowers shall, at least twenty (20) days before such  
  
   63 

Permitted Transfer, notify Agent of the proposed transfer and provide copies of all instruments effectuating such transfer, and any organizational documents that Agent shall require, and such other information as Agent shall reasonably request regarding the proposed transferee so as to conduct such background checks, investigations, Patriot Act, OFAC and other record searches as Agent shall reasonably (and any regulatory requirements and/or internal compliance,  know your customer  and/or committee requirements of Agent, to the extent such internal requirements are applied on a non-discriminatory basis, shall be deemed reasonable) require (at Borrowers  sole cost and expense), and if Agent, within twenty (20) days of receiving such notice from Borrowers, sends a notice to Borrowers that it has in good faith determined that such Transfer will result in a violation of its legal, regulatory or internal organizational requirements, such Transfer shall not constitute a Permitted Transfer.  
  Section 4.3        Liens  .  No Borrower shall create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any direct or indirect interest in such Borrower or Sole Member, or any portion of any Property or any portion of the Collateral, except for the Permitted Encumbrances.  After prior notice to Agent, any Borrower, at its own expense, may contest by appropriate legal proceeding, promptly initiated and conducted in good faith and with due diligence, the amount or validity of any Liens, provided that (i) no Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured; (ii) such proceeding shall be permitted under and be conducted in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements; (iii) none of the Collateral, any Property nor any part thereof or interest therein will be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, canceled or lost; (iv) such Borrower shall promptly upon final determination thereof pay the amount of any such Liens, together with all costs, interest and penalties which may be payable in connection therewith; (v) to insure the payment of such Liens, such Borrower shall deliver to Agent either (A) cash, or other security as may be approved by Agent, in an amount equal to one hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the contested amount or (B) a payment and performance bond in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the contested amount from a surety acceptable to Agent in its reasonable discretion, (vi) failure to pay such Liens will not subject Agent or any Lender to any civil or criminal liability, (vii) such contest shall not affect the ownership, use or occupancy of such Property, (viii) the aggregate amount of all such liens that have not been discharged by bonding and are being contested at any given time does not exceed $300,000; and (ix) such Borrower shall, upon request by Agent, give Agent prompt notice of the status of such proceedings and/or confirmation of the continuing satisfaction of the conditions set forth in   clauses (i) through (viii)   of this   Section 4.3  .  Agent may pay over any such cash or other security held by Agent to the claimant entitled thereto at any time when, in the judgment of Agent, the entitlement of such claimant is established or the Collateral, any Property (or any part thereof or interest therein) shall be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, cancelled or lost or there shall be any danger of the Lien of the Mortgage being primed by any other Lien. 
  Section 4.4        Special Purpose  .  Without in any way limiting the provisions of this   Article 4  , each Borrower and Sole Member shall at all times be a Special Purpose Bankruptcy Remote Entity.  No Borrower or Sole Member shall directly or indirectly make any change, amendment or modification to such Borrower s or Sole Member s organizational documents, or otherwise take any action which could result in such Borrower or Sole Member not being a Special Purpose Bankruptcy Remote Entity.  No Borrower will own or use any assets other than the applicable Property and personal property incidental to the business of owning and operating such Property  
  
   64 

and activities incidental thereto; without limiting the foregoing, each Property shall be operated as a single property or project, generating substantially all of the applicable Borrower's gross income, it being Borrowers  intent that each Property shall at all times and from time to time constitute  single asset real estate  for purposes of Section 362(d)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code.   No Sole Member will own or use any assets other than the Collateral. 
  Section 4.5        Existence; Compliance with Legal Requirements  .  Each Borrower and Sole Member shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its existence and all rights, licenses, permits, franchises and all applicable governmental authorizations necessary for the operation of the Property owned by such Borrower and comply with all Legal Requirements applicable to it and the Property owned by such Borrower and the Collateral.   
  Section 4.6        Taxes and Other Charges  .  Borrowers shall pay all Taxes and Other Charges now or hereafter levied, assessed or imposed as the same become due and payable, and shall furnish to Agent receipts for the payment of the Taxes and the Other Charges prior to the date the same shall become delinquent (provided, however, that Borrowers need not pay Taxes directly nor furnish such receipts for payment of Taxes to the extent that funds to pay for such Taxes have been deposited into the Tax Account pursuant to   Section 6.3  ).  Borrowers shall not permit or suffer, and shall promptly discharge, any Lien or charge against any Property, and shall promptly pay for all utility services provided to each Property.  After prior notice to Agent, Borrowers, at their own expense, may contest by appropriate legal proceeding, conducted in good faith and with due diligence, the amount or validity of any Taxes or Other Charges, provided that (i) no Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured; (ii) such proceeding shall be permitted under and be conducted in accordance with all applicable statutes, laws and ordinances; (iii) none of the Collateral, any Property nor any part thereof or interest therein will be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, canceled or lost; (iv) Borrowers shall promptly upon final determination thereof pay the amount of any such Taxes or Other Charges, together with all costs, interest and penalties which may be payable in connection therewith; (v) such proceeding shall suspend the collection of Taxes or Other Charges from such Property; (vi) Borrowers shall deposit with Agent cash, or other security as may be approved by Agent, in an amount equal to one hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the contested amount, to insure the payment of any such Taxes or Other Charges, together with all interest and penalties thereon, (vii) failure to pay such Taxes or Other Charges will not subject Agent or any Lender to any civil or criminal liability, (viii) such contest shall not affect the ownership, use or occupancy of such Property, and (ix) Borrowers shall, upon request by Agent, give Agent prompt notice of the status of such proceedings and/or confirmation of the continuing satisfaction of the conditions set forth in   clauses (i) through (viii)   of this   Section 4.6  .  Agent may pay over any such cash or other security held by Agent to the claimant entitled thereto at any time when, in the judgment of Agent, the entitlement of such claimant is established or the Collateral, any Property (or any part thereof or interest therein) shall be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated cancelled or lost or there shall be any danger of the Lien of the Mortgage being primed by any related Lien. 
  Section 4.7        Litigation  .  Borrowers shall give prompt notice to Agent of any litigation or governmental proceedings pending or threatened in writing against any Property, the Collateral, any Borrower, Manager, or Guarantor which might materially adversely affect any Property or any Borrower s, Manager s, or Guarantor s condition (financial or otherwise) or business (including any Borrower s ability to perform its Obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents).   
  
   65 

No Borrower shall initiate or settle any litigation that could reasonably result in a judgment against such Borrower or affecting any Property of such Borrower or any portion thereof in excess of $100,000 without Agent s prior written consent and shall keep Agent apprised of the status of any such litigation. 
  Section 4.8        Title to the Properties  .  Borrowers shall warrant and defend (a) its  title to the applicable Property and every part thereof, subject only to Permitted Encumbrances applicable thereto, (b) the validity and priority of the Liens of the Mortgage, the Assignment of Leases and this Agreement on the applicable Property, subject only to Permitted Encumbrances, (c) title to the Collateral and every part thereof, and (d) the validity and priority of the Liens of the Pledge Agreement on the Collateral, subject only to the Liens and security interests created by the Loan Documents, in each case against the claims of all Persons whomsoever.  Borrowers shall reimburse Agent and each Lender for any losses, costs, damages or expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and court costs) incurred by Agent and/or any Lender if an interest in any Property and the Collateral, other than as permitted hereunder, is claimed by another Person. 
  Section 4.9        Financial Reporting  .  Each Borrower will keep and maintain or will cause to be kept and maintained on a Fiscal Year basis, in accordance with GAAP or on an income tax basis throughout the periods covered (or such other accounting basis acceptable to Agent), complete and accurate books, records and accounts reflecting the financial affairs of such Borrower and all items of income and expense in connection with the operation of the applicable Property.  Agent shall have the right from time to time at all times during normal business hours upon reasonable prior notice to examine such books, records and accounts at the office of such Borrower or any other Person maintaining such books, records and accounts and to make such copies or extracts thereof as Agent shall desire.  After the occurrence of an Event of Default that is continuing, Borrowers shall pay any costs and expenses incurred by Agent and any Lender to examine such Borrower s accounting records with respect to the Property of such Borrower, as Agent shall determine to be necessary or appropriate in the protection of Agent s and any Lender s interest.  Upon Agent s request, Borrowers shall furnish such other information necessary and sufficient to fairly represent the financial condition of each Borrower and each Property. 
  4.9.1        Monthly Reports  .  Not later than twenty (20) days following the end of each calendar month, each Borrower shall deliver to Agent a true, correct and complete rent roll for each Property dated as of the end of such month in the form of the rent roll attached as   Schedule I   hereto.  
  4.9.2        Quarterly Reports  .  Not later than forty-five (45) days following the end of each fiscal quarter, each Borrower shall deliver to Agent: 
  (i)        unaudited financial statements, internally prepared on an accrual basis, including a balance sheet and an income statement as of the end of such quarter and year to date, a quarterly capital expense report detailing Capital Expenditures and tenant improvement and leasing commissions incurred at the Property of such Borrower for such quarter and year to date, and a comparison of the year to date results with the Annual Budget for such Property for such period and the Fiscal Year.  Such statements for each quarter shall be accompanied by an Officer s Certificate certifying to the best of the signer s knowledge, (A) that such statements fairly represent the financial condition and results of operations of such Borrower,  
  
   66 

(B) that as of the date of such Officer s Certificate, no Event of Default exists under this Agreement, the Notes or any other Loan Document or, if so, specifying the nature and status of each such Event of Default and the action then being taken by such Borrower or proposed to be taken to remedy such Event of Default, (C) that as of the date of each Officer s Certificate, no litigation, mediation or arbitration exists involving such Borrower or the Property of such Borrower in which the amount involved is $300,000 (in the aggregate) or more or in which all or substantially all of the potential liability is not covered by insurance, or, that otherwise is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on such Property, the Collateral or on any Borrower Party s ability to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents, or if any such litigation, mediation, or arbitration is pending, specifying the nature and status thereof and the actions being taking in relation thereto, and (D) that as of the date of each Officer s Certificate, no default, failure of performance of a term, provision or covenant or terminating event has occurred under any Major Contract that is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on such Property, the Collateral or on any Borrower Party s ability to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents, and such Borrower has not received any notice that any party to any such Major Contract has challenged or denied the validity or enforceability thereof, given any notice of default, termination or intent to terminate thereunder, or if any such notice has been received or given, specifying the nature and status thereof.  Such financial statements shall contain such other information as shall be reasonably requested by Agent for purposes of calculations to be made by Agent pursuant to the terms hereof.  
  (ii)        a true, correct and complete rent roll for the Property of such Borrower, dated as of the last month of such fiscal quarter, showing the percentage of gross leasable area of such Property, if any, leased as of the last day of such fiscal quarter, the current monthly rent for the Property and the expiration date of each Lease, and such rent roll shall be accompanied by an Officer s Certificate certifying that such rent roll is true, correct and complete in all material respects as of its date and stating whether such Borrower, within the past three (3) months, has issued a notice of default with respect to any Lease which has not been cured and the nature of such default. 
  (iii)        a leasing report setting forth all Leases signed during such fiscal quarter, and all tenant improvement, leasing costs and concessions in such Leases, and a report of all Leases anticipated to be signed or under negotiation for the upcoming fiscal quarter. 
  4.9.3        Annual Reports  .  Each Borrower shall deliver to Agent: 
  (i)        Not later than one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of such Borrower s operations, audited financial statements certified by an Independent Accountant in accordance with GAAP, covering the Property owned by such Borrower, including a balance sheet as of the end of such year, an income statement for such year, and stating in comparative form the figures for the Annual Budget for such Property for such Fiscal Year, and occupancy statistics for such Property.  Such annual financial statements shall be accompanied by an Officer s Certificate in the form required pursuant to   Section 4.9.2(i)   above; and  
  
   67 

(ii)        Not later than one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of such Borrower s operations, an annual summary of any and all Capital Expenditures made at the Property owned by such Borrower during the prior twelve (12) month period. 
  4.9.4        Other Reports  .   
  (a)        Each Borrower shall deliver to Agent, within ten (10) Business Days of the receipt thereof by such Borrower, a copy of all reports prepared by Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement, including, without limitation, the Annual Budget and any inspection reports. 
  (b)        Each Borrower shall, within fifteen (15) Business Days after request by Agent furnish or cause to be furnished to Agent, in such manner and in such detail as may be reasonably requested by Agent, such reasonable additional information as may be reasonably requested with respect to the Property owned by such Borrower. 
  4.9.5        Annual Budget  .   
  (a)        Each Borrower shall submit to Agent by November 30 of each year the proposed Annual Budget relating to the Property owned by such Borrower for the succeeding Fiscal Year, together with an ARGUS projection for the succeeding five (5) year period.  Agent shall have the right to approve each Annual Budget.  The applicable Annual Budget approved by Agent at any given time shall hereinafter be referred to as an    Approved Annual Budget   .  Until such time that any Annual Budget has been approved by Agent, the prior Approved Annual Budget shall apply for all purposes hereunder (with such adjustments as reasonably determined by Agent to reflect actual increases in Taxes, Insurance Premiums and utilities expenses).  Neither Borrower nor Manager shall change or modify the Approved Annual Budget without the prior written consent of Agent.  During the continuance of a Cash Flow Sweep Period, Agent may require each Borrower, on a quarterly basis, to furnish to Agent for approval an updated Annual Budget. 
  (b)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this   Section 4.9.5  , provided no Event of Default is continuing, whenever Agent s approval of an Annual Budget is required pursuant to the provisions of this   Section 4.9.5  , Agent s approval shall be deemed given if:  
  (i)        the first correspondence from such Borrower to Agent requesting such approval or consent is sent (1) by email to Agent at   scott.miller@gs.com   and (2) by certified mail or overnight courier in an envelope marked  PRIORITY  and contains a bold-faced, conspicuous (in a font size that is not less than fourteen (14)) legend at the top of the first page thereof stating that    FIRST NOTICE  :  THIS IS A REQUEST FOR CONSENT UNDER THE LOAN BY [__________] TO [__________________].  FAILURE TO RESPOND TO THIS REQUEST WITHIN [TWENTY (20)] BUSINESS DAYS FOLLOWING ____________________, 20__, [INSERT THE DATE BORROWERS  NOTICE CONSIDERED DELIVERED UNDER SECTION 10.6] MAY RESULT IN THE REQUEST BEING DEEMED GRANTED   , and is accompanied by the information  
  
   68 

and documents required above, and any other information reasonably requested by Agent in writing prior to the expiration of such twenty (20) Business Day period in order to adequately review the same has been delivered; and 
  (ii)        if Agent fails to respond or to deny such request for approval in writing within the first ten (10) Business Days of such twenty (20) Business Day period, a second notice requesting approval is delivered to Agent from Borrower (1) by email to Agent at   scott.miller@gs.com   and (2) by certified mail or overnight courier in an envelope marked  PRIORITY  containing a bold-faced, conspicuous (in a font size that is not less than fourteen (14)) legend at the top of the first page thereof stating that    SECOND AND FINAL NOTICE  :      THIS IS A REQUEST FOR CONSENT UNDER THE LOAN BY [__________] TO [__________________].  IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE A SUBSTANTIVE RESPONSE (E.G., APPROVAL, DENIAL OR REQUEST FOR CLARIFICATION OR MORE INFORMATION) TO THIS REQUEST FOR APPROVAL IN WRITING WITHIN TEN (10) BUSINESS DAYS FOLLOWING ____________________, 20__, [INSERT THE DATE BORROWERS  NOTICE CONSIDERED DELIVERED UNDER SECTION 10.6], YOUR APPROVAL SHALL BE DEEMED GIVEN    and Agent fails to provide a substantive response to such request for approval within such second ten (10) Business Day period. 
  4.9.6        Extraordinary Operating Expenses  :  In the event that a Borrower incurs an extraordinary operating expense not set forth in the Approved Annual Budget for the Property owned by such Borrower (each an    Extraordinary Operating Expense   ), then such Borrower shall promptly deliver to Agent a reasonably detailed explanation of such proposed Extraordinary Operating Expense for Agent s approval.  Any Extraordinary Operating Expense approved by Agent is referred to herein as an (   Approved Extraordinary Operating Expense   ).  Any Funds distributed to Borrowers for the payment of Approved Extraordinary Operating Expenses pursuant to   Section 6.10.1   shall be used by Borrowers only to pay for such Approved Extraordinary Operating Expenses or reimburse Borrowers for such Approved Extraordinary Operating Expenses, as applicable.  
  4.9.7        Intentionally Omitted  .   
  Section 4.10        Access to Property  .  Borrowers shall permit agents, representatives, consultants and employees of Agent to inspect the Properties or any part thereof at reasonable hours upon reasonable advance notice (which may be given verbally).  Agent or its agents, representatives, consultants and employees as part of any inspection may take soil, air, water, building material and other samples from the Properties, subject to the rights of Tenants under Leases. 
  Section 4.11        Leases  . 
  4.11.1        Generally  .   
  (a)        Upon request, Borrowers shall furnish Agent with executed copies of all Leases then in effect.  No Borrower may enter into, amend, modify, terminate or grant a waiver of any provision or right of such Borrower under, or enter into or permit or suffer any assignment or sublease of, any Lease for any portion of any Property, without Agent s prior written consent, which  
  
   69 

consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed provided such Lease provides for economic terms, including rental rates, in accordance with the leasing guidelines attached hereto as   Schedule 4.11   (the    Leasing Guidelines   ).  Agent shall not require any fee or other charge in connection with Borrower s requesting and/or obtaining Agent s prior written consent.  In the event any Borrower enters into a Lease that requires Agent s consent without Agent s prior written consent, such Lease shall constitute an impermissible Transfer for purposes of this Agreement).  Within ten (10) days after the execution of a Lease or any renewals, amendments or modification of a Lease, Borrowers shall deliver to Agent a copy thereof, together with Borrowers  certification that such Lease (or such renewal, amendment or modification) was entered into in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  
  (b)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this   Section 4.11.1  , provided no Event of Default is continuing, whenever Agent s approval of a Lease is required pursuant to the provisions of this   Section 4.11.1  , Agent s approval shall be deemed given if:  
  (i)        the first correspondence from such Borrower to Agent requesting such approval or consent is sent (1) by email to Agent at   scott.miller@gs.com   and (2) by certified mail or overnight courier in an envelope marked  PRIORITY  and contains a bold-faced, conspicuous (in a font size that is not less than fourteen (14)) legend at the top of the first page thereof stating that    FIRST NOTICE  :  THIS IS A REQUEST FOR CONSENT UNDER THE LOAN BY [__________] TO [__________________].  FAILURE TO RESPOND TO THIS REQUEST WITHIN TWENTY (20) DAYS FOLLOWING ____________________, 20__, [INSERT THE DATE BORROWERS  NOTICE CONSIDERED DELIVERED UNDER SECTION 10.6] MAY RESULT IN THE REQUEST BEING DEEMED GRANTED   , and is accompanied by the information and documents required above, and any other information reasonably requested by Agent in writing prior to the expiration of such twenty (20) day period in order to adequately review the same has been delivered; and 
  (ii)        if Agent fails to respond or to deny such request for approval in writing within the first ten (10) days of such twenty (20) day period, a second notice requesting approval is delivered to Agent from Borrower (1) by email to Agent at   scott.miller@gs.com   and (2) by certified mail or overnight courier in an envelope marked  PRIORITY  containing a bold-faced, conspicuous (in a font size that is not less than fourteen (14)) legend at the top of the first page thereof stating that    SECOND AND FINAL NOTICE  :      THIS IS A REQUEST FOR CONSENT UNDER THE LOAN BY [__________] TO [__________________].  IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE A SUBSTANTIVE RESPONSE (E.G., APPROVAL, DENIAL OR REQUEST FOR CLARIFICATION OR MORE INFORMATION) TO THIS REQUEST FOR APPROVAL IN WRITING WITHIN TEN (10) DAYS FOLLOWING ____________________, 20__, [INSERT THE DATE BORROWERS  NOTICE CONSIDERED DELIVERED UNDER SECTION 10.6], YOUR APPROVAL SHALL BE DEEMED GIVEN    and Agent fails to provide a substantive response to such request for approval within such second ten (10) day period. 
  
   70 

4.11.2        Approvals  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in   Section 4.11.1   above, provided that no Event of Default is then continuing, Agent s approval shall not be required prior to a Borrower entering into any Lease that is not a Major Lease, provided that such Lease (i) provides for economic terms, including rental rates, in accordance with the Leasing Guidelines, (ii) unless otherwise approved by Agent in writing, has an initial term consistent with the Leasing Guidelines, (iii) provides on a self-operative basis that such Lease is subordinate to the Mortgage and the Assignment of Leases and that the Tenant thereunder will attorn to Agent and any purchaser at a foreclosure sale, (iv) is written substantially in accordance with a standard form of Lease which shall have been approved by Agent (subject to any commercially reasonable changes made in the course of negotiations with the applicable Tenant), (v) is not with a Borrower Related Party, and (vi) does not contain any option to purchase, any right of first offer or refusal to purchase, any right to terminate (except if such termination right is triggered by the destruction or condemnation of substantially all of a Property or by the death or disability of the Tenant) or any other terms which would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect Agent s rights under the Loan Documents.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in   Section 4.11.1   above, provided that no Event of Default is then continuing, Agent s approval shall not be required prior to a Borrower amending, modifying, terminating or granting a waiver of any provision or right of such Borrower under, or entering into or permitting or suffering any assignment or sublease of, any Lease that is not a Major Lease, so long as, in the case of any amendment or modification, such Lease continues to comply with   clauses (i)   through   (vi)   of this   Section 4.11.2  . 
  4.11.3        Covenants  .  Each Borrower (i) shall observe and perform the obligations imposed upon the lessor under the Leases in a commercially reasonable manner; (ii) shall enforce the terms, covenants and conditions contained in the Leases upon the part of the Tenants thereunder to be observed or performed in a commercially reasonable manner, provided, however, no Borrower shall terminate or accept a surrender of a Lease that is a Major Lease without Agent s prior approval; (iii) shall not collect any of the Rents more than one (1) month in advance (other than security deposits); (iv) shall not execute any assignment of lessor s interest in the Leases or the Rents (except as contemplated by the Loan Documents); and (v) upon request, such Borrower shall furnish Agent with executed copies of all Leases.  Each Borrower shall promptly send copies to Agent of all written notices of material default which such Borrower shall send or receive under the Leases. 
  4.11.4        Security Deposits  .  All security deposits of Tenants, whether held in cash or any other form, shall be held in compliance with all Legal Requirements and shall not be commingled with any other funds of Borrowers.  During the continuance of an Event of Default, Borrowers shall, upon Agent s request, if permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, cause all such security deposits (and any interest theretofore earned thereon) to be transferred into the Deposit Account (which shall then be held by Deposit Bank in a separate Account), which shall be held by Deposit Bank subject to the terms of the Leases.  Any bond or other instrument which Borrowers are permitted to hold in lieu of cash security deposits under any applicable Legal Requirements (i) shall be maintained in full force and effect in the full amount of such deposits unless replaced by cash deposits as herein above described, (ii) shall be issued by an institution reasonably satisfactory to Agent, (iii) shall, if permitted pursuant to any Legal Requirements, name Agent for the benefit of Lenders as payee or mortgagee thereunder (or at Agent s option, be fully assignable to Agent), and (iv) shall in all respects comply with any applicable Legal Requirements and otherwise be  
  
   71 

satisfactory to Agent.  Borrowers shall, upon request, provide Agent with evidence satisfactory to Agent of Borrowers  compliance with the foregoing. 
  4.11.5        Leasing Agent  . No Borrower shall appoint or replace any leasing agent for the Property owned by such Borrower, or permit any Person to be subcontracted by Manager as leasing agent for the property without obtaining Agent s prior written consent.  
  Section 4.12        Repairs; Maintenance and Compliance; Alterations  .   
  4.12.1        Repairs; Maintenance and Compliance  .   
  (a)        Borrowers shall at all times maintain, preserve and protect all franchises and trade names, and Borrowers shall cause the Properties to be maintained in a good and safe condition and repair and shall not remove, demolish or alter the Improvements or Equipment (except for alterations performed in accordance with   Section 4.12.2   below and normal replacement of Equipment with Equipment of equivalent value and functionality).  Borrowers shall promptly comply with all Legal Requirements and immediately cure properly any violation of a Legal Requirement.  Borrowers shall notify Agent in writing within three (3) Business Days after any Borrower first receives notice of any such non-compliance.  Borrowers shall promptly repair, replace or rebuild any part of the Property that becomes damaged, worn or dilapidated and shall complete and pay for any Improvements at any time in the process of construction or repair. 
  (b)        In furtherance of the foregoing, Borrowers shall diligently cure all violations included in the Zoning Reports no later than (i) seventy-five (75) days after the date hereof with respect to the violations set forth in the Zoning Report for the Pan Am Property, and (ii) June 30, 2017 with respect to the violations set forth in the Zoning Report for the Waterfront Property.   
  4.12.2        Alterations  .  Without Agent s prior written consent (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), no Borrower shall perform alterations to the Improvements and Equipment unless such alterations are required by Leases that have been approved in writing by Agent or do not require Agent s consent hereunder (   Lease Alterations   ).  In connection with any Material Alteration, Agent may require that Borrowers deliver to Agent security for payment of the cost of such Material Alteration and as additional security for Borrowers  Obligations under the Loan Documents, which security may be any of the following: (i) cash, (ii) a Letter of Credit, (iii) U.S. Obligations, (iv) other securities acceptable to Agent, or (v) a completion and performance bond.  Such security shall be in an amount equal to the excess of the total unpaid amounts incurred and to be incurred with respect to such Lease Alterations to the Improvements (other than such amounts to be paid or reimbursed by Tenants under the Leases), and Agent may apply such security from time to time at the option of Agent to pay for such Lease Alterations.  Upon substantial completion of any Material Alteration, Borrowers shall provide evidence satisfactory to Agent that (i) the Material Alteration was constructed in a good and workmanlike manner and in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements, (ii) all contractors, subcontractors, materialmen and professionals who provided work, materials or services in connection with the Material Alteration have been paid in full and have delivered unconditional releases of liens, and (iii) all material licenses and permits necessary for the use, operation and occupancy of the Material Alteration (other than those which depend on the performance of tenant improvement work) have been issued.  If Borrowers have provided cash security, as provided above, such cash shall be  
  
   72 

released by Agent to fund such Material Alterations, and if Borrowers have provided non-cash security, as provided above, except to the extent applied by Agent to fund such Material Alterations, Agent shall release and return such security upon Borrowers  satisfaction of the requirements of the preceding sentence.  
  Section 4.13        Approval of Major Contracts  .  Borrowers shall be required to obtain Agent s prior written approval of any and all Major Contracts affecting the Properties, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 
  Section 4.14        Property Management  .   
  4.14.1        Management Agreement  .    Borrowers shall (i) cause Manager to manage the Properties and to perform its duties under and in accordance with the Management Agreement, (ii) diligently perform and observe all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Management Agreement on the part of Borrowers to be performed and observed, (iii) promptly notify Agent of any default under the Management Agreement of which it is aware, (iv) promptly deliver to Agent a copy of each financial statement, business plan, capital expenditures plan, report and estimate received by it under the Management Agreement, and (v) promptly enforce the performance and observance of all of the covenants required to be performed and observed by Manager under the Management Agreement.  If any Borrower shall default in the performance or observance of any material term, covenant or condition of the Management Agreement on the part of such Borrower to be performed or observed, then, without limiting Agent s or any Lender s other rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and without waiving or releasing such Borrower from any of its Obligations hereunder or under the Management Agreement, Agent shall have the right, but shall be under no obligation, to pay any sums and to perform any act as may be appropriate to cause all the material terms, covenants and conditions of the Management Agreement on the part of such Borrower to be performed or observed. 
  4.14.2        Prohibition Against Termination or Modification  .    No Borrower shall (i) surrender, terminate, cancel, modify, renew or extend the Management Agreement, (ii) enter into any other agreement relating to the management of the applicable Property with Manager or any other Person, (iii) consent to the assignment by the Manager of its interest under the Management Agreement, or (iv) waive or release any of its rights and remedies under the Management Agreement, in each case without the express consent of Agent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  If at any time Agent consents to the appointment of a new property manager, such new property manager and such Borrower shall, as a condition of Agent s consent, execute (i) a management agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent, and (ii) a subordination of management agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to Agent. 
  4.14.3        Replacement of Manager  .    Agent shall have the right to require Borrowers to replace the Manager with another property manager chosen by Agent in its sole discretion upon the occurrence of any one or more of the following events: (i) at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, (ii) if Manager shall be in default under the Management Agreement beyond any applicable notice and cure period, (iii) if Manager shall become insolvent or a debtor in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or (iv) if at any time the Manager has engaged in gross negligence, fraud, willful misconduct or misappropriation of funds. 
  
   73 

Section 4.15        Performance by Borrowers; Compliance with Agreements  .   
  (a)        Borrowers shall in a timely manner observe, perform and fulfill each and every covenant, term and provision of each Loan Document executed and delivered by, or applicable to, Borrowers, and shall not enter into or otherwise suffer or permit any amendment, waiver, supplement, termination or other modification of any Loan Document executed and delivered by, or applicable to, Borrowers without the prior consent of Agent. 
  (b)        Borrowers shall at all times comply in all material respects with all Operations Agreements.  Borrowers agree that without the prior written consent of Agent, Borrowers will not amend, modify or terminate any of the Operations Agreements. 
  Section 4.16        Licenses; Intellectual Property; Website  .   
  4.16.1        Licenses  .  Borrowers shall keep and maintain all Licenses necessary for the operation of the Properties as office buildings.  Borrowers shall not transfer any Licenses required for the operation of the Properties. 
  4.16.2        Intellectual Property  .  Borrowers shall keep and maintain all Intellectual Property relating to the use or operation of the Properties and all Intellectual Property shall be held by and (if applicable) registered in the name of the applicable Borrower.   Borrowers shall not Transfer or let lapse any Intellectual Property without Agent s prior consent. 
  4.16.3        Website  .  Any website with respect to any Property (other than Tenant websites) shall be maintained by or on behalf of the Borrower that owned such Property and any such website shall be registered in the name of (i) for the Davies Center Property, Davies Center Borrower, (ii) for the Pan Am Property, Pan Am I, LLC, and (iii) for the Waterfront Property, Waterfront A, LLC.  Such Borrower shall not Transfer any such website without Agent s prior consent. 
  Section 4.17        Further Assurances  .  Borrowers shall, at Borrowers  sole cost and expense: 
  (a)        furnish to Agent all instruments, documents, boundary surveys, footing or foundation surveys, certificates, plans and specifications, appraisals, title and other insurance reports and agreements, and each and every other document, certificate, agreement and instrument required to be furnished by Borrowers pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents or which are reasonably requested by Agent or any Lender in connection therewith; 
  (b)        cure any defects in the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to Agent such documents, instruments, certificates, assignments and other writings, and do such other acts necessary or desirable, to correct any omissions in the Loan Documents, to evidence, preserve and/or protect the Properties, the Collateral and any other collateral at any time securing or intended to secure the Obligations, as Agent may reasonably require; and 
  (c)        do and execute all and such further lawful and reasonable acts, conveyances and assurances for the better and more effective carrying out of the intents and purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as Agent may reasonably require from time to time. 
  
   74 

Section 4.18        Estoppel Statement  .  
  (a)        After request by Agent, Borrowers shall within seven (7) Business Days furnish Agent or any Lender with a statement, duly acknowledged and certified, stating (i) the original principal balance of the Notes, (ii) the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Notes, (iii) the Interest Rate and any other amount payable to Agent and/or Lenders under the Loan Documents (including the Spread Maintenance Premium), (iv) the date installments of interest and/or principal were last paid, (v) any offsets or defenses to the payment and performance of the Obligations, if any, (vi) that the Notes, this Agreement, the Mortgage and the other Loan Documents are valid, legal and binding obligations and have not been modified (or if modified, giving particulars of such modification), and (vii) such other items that Agent may reasonably request. 
  (b)        Borrowers shall deliver to Agent or any Lender, upon request, an estoppel certificate from each Tenant under any Lease (provided that Borrowers shall only be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain an estoppel certificate from any Tenant not required to provide an estoppel certificate under its Lease) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent or such Lender; provided, that Borrowers shall not be required to deliver such certificates more frequently than two (2) times in any calendar year. 
  (c)        Borrowers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver to Agent or any Lender, upon request, estoppel certificates from each party under any Operations Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent or such Lender; provided, that Borrowers shall not be required to deliver such certificates more than two (2) times during the Term and not more frequently than once per calendar year (or twice during any calendar year in which a Secondary Market Transaction occurs). 
  (d)        Borrowers shall deliver to Agent or any Lender, upon request, estoppel certificates from Ground Lessor, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent or such Lender. 
  Section 4.19        Notice of Default  .  Each Borrower shall promptly advise Agent of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default of which any Borrower has knowledge. 
  Section 4.20        Cooperate in Legal Proceedings  .  Borrowers shall cooperate fully with Agent and each Lender with respect to any proceedings before any court, board or other Governmental Authority which may in any way affect the rights of Agent or any Lender hereunder or any rights obtained by Agent or any Lender under any of the other Loan Documents and, in connection therewith, permit Agent and each Lender, at its election, to participate in any such proceedings. 
  Section 4.21        Indebtedness  .  No Borrower shall directly or indirectly create, incur or assume any indebtedness other than (i) the Debt and (ii) unsecured trade payables and equipment leases incurred in the ordinary course of business relating to the ownership and operation of the Properties, which in the case of such unsecured trade payables (A) are not evidenced by a note, (B) do not exceed, at any time, a maximum aggregate amount of one percent (1%) of the Allocated Loan Amount of the Property owned by such Borrower and (C) are paid within thirty (30) days of the date incurred (collectively,    Permitted Indebtedness   ). 
  
   75 

Section 4.22        Business and Operations  .  Each Borrower will continue to engage in the businesses presently conducted by it as and to the extent the same are necessary for the ownership, maintenance, management and operation of the Property owned by such Borrower.  Each Sole Member will continue to engage in the businesses presently conducted by it as and to the extent the same are necessary for the ownership, maintenance, management and operation of the Collateral.  Each Borrower will qualify to do business and will remain in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction as and to the extent the same are required for the ownership, maintenance, management and operation of the Property owned by such Borrower.  Each Sole Member will qualify to do business and will remain in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction as and to the extent the same are required for the ownership, maintenance, management and operation of the Collateral. 
  Section 4.23        Dissolution  .  No Borrower shall (nor shall permit its Sole Member to) (i) engage in any dissolution, liquidation or consolidation or merger with or into any other business entity, except to the extent expressly permitted by the Loan Documents, (ii) engage in any business activity not related to the ownership and operation of the Property owned by such Borrower, (iii) transfer, lease or sell, in one transaction or any combination of transactions, all or substantially all of the property or assets of such Borrower except to the extent expressly permitted by the Loan Documents, or (iv) cause, permit or suffer such Borrower to (A) dissolve, wind up or liquidate or take any action, or omit to take any action, as a result of which such Borrower would be dissolved, wound up or liquidated in whole or in part, or (B) amend, modify, waive or terminate the certificate of formation or operating agreement of such Borrower, in each case without obtaining the prior consent of Agent, except that Agent s consent shall not be required if such amendment, modification, waiver or termination is executed in connection with a Permitted Transfer. 
  Section 4.24        Debt Cancellation  .  No Borrower shall cancel or otherwise forgive or release any claim or debt (other than the termination of Leases in accordance herewith) owed to such Borrower by any Person (other than in connection with the settlement of claims with respect to Rents as expressly permitted in the Loan Documents). 
  Section 4.25        Affiliate Transactions  .  Except for transactions involving multiple Borrowers as co-owners of a Property, no Borrower shall enter into, or be a party to, any transaction with an Affiliate of any Borrower unless Agent shall have consented to the same in writing and complies with subsection (c) of   Schedule V   attached hereto. 
  Section 4.26        No Joint Assessment  .  No Borrower shall suffer, permit or initiate the joint assessment of the Property owned by such Borrower (i) with any other real property constituting a tax lot separate from such Property, and (ii) with any portion of such Property which may be deemed to constitute personal property, or any other procedure whereby the Lien of any taxes which may be levied against such personal property shall be assessed or levied or charged to such Property. 
  Section 4.27        Principal Place of Business  .  No Borrower shall (nor shall permit its Sole Member to) change its principal place of business from the address set forth on the first page of this Agreement without first giving Agent thirty (30) days prior written notice. 
  Section 4.28        Change of Name, Identity or Structure  .  No Borrower shall (nor shall permit its Sole Member to) change such Borrower s or Sole Member s name, identity (including its trade name or names) or convert from a limited liability company structure without notifying  
  
   76 

Agent of such change in writing at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of such change and without first obtaining the prior written consent of Agent; provided, however, that each Borrower shall at all times be a Delaware limited liability company.  Each Borrower shall (and shall cause its Sole Member to) execute and deliver to Agent, prior to or contemporaneously with the effective date of any such change, any financing statement, financing statement change or other document reasonably required by Agent to establish or maintain the validity, perfection and priority of the security interest granted in the Collateral and in the Properties pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  At the request of Agent, Borrower shall execute a certificate in form satisfactory to Agent listing the trade names under which such Borrower intends to operate the Property owned by such Borrower, and representing and warranting that Borrower does business under no other trade name with respect to such Property. 
  Section 4.29        Costs and Expenses  .  
  (a)        Borrowers covenants and agrees to pay or, if any Borrower fails to pay, to reimburse Agent and each Lender upon receipt of notice from Agent or any Lender, for all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements) incurred by Agent, any Lender or their respective Affiliates in connection with (i) the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and all the costs of furnishing all opinions by counsel for Borrowers (including without limitation any opinions requested by Agent or any Lender as to any legal matters arising under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with respect to the Properties and/or the Collateral), including without limitation, any and all diligence costs, legal fees, consultant costs, accounting fees, costs of obtaining third party reports and underwriting costs; (ii) Borrowers  ongoing performance of and compliance with Borrowers  agreements and covenants contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on its part to be performed or complied with after the Closing Date, including confirming compliance with environmental and insurance requirements; (iii) Agent s, Lenders  and Servicer s ongoing performance and compliance with all agreements, conditions and covenants contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on its part to be performed or complied; (iv) the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and administration of any consents, amendments, waivers or other modifications to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any other documents or matters requested by any Borrower, Agent or any Lender; (v) securing Borrowers  compliance with any requests made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (vi) the filing and recording fees and expenses, title insurance, and other similar expenses incurred in creating and perfecting the Lien in favor of Agent pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including fees and expenses for title and lien searches, intangibles taxes, personal property taxes, mortgage recording taxes, due diligence expenses, travel expenses, accounting firm fees, costs of appraisals, environmental reports and Casualty Consultant, surveys and engineering reports); (vii) the costs of any appraisal of the Properties obtained by or on behalf of Agent and/or any Lender; (vii) enforcing or preserving any rights in response to third party claims or the prosecuting or defending of any action or proceeding or other litigation, in each case against, under or affecting any Borrower, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Properties, the Collateral or any other security given for the Loan; (viii) fees charged by Servicer (except to the extent expressly set forth in   Section 10.21  ); (ix) the Accounts, and (x) enforcing any Obligations of or collecting any payments due from Borrowers under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or with respect to the Properties and/ 
  
   77 

or the Collateral (including any fees incurred by Servicer in connection with the transfer of the Loan to a special servicer prior to a Default or Event of Default) or in connection with any refinancing or restructuring of the credit arrangements provided under this Agreement in the nature of a  work-out  or of any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings (including fees and expenses for title and lien searches, intangible taxes, personal property taxes, mortgage recording taxes, due diligence expenses, travel expenses, accounting firm fees, costs of appraisals, environmental reports and Casualty Consultant, surveys and engineering reports); provided, however, that Borrowers shall not be liable for the payment of any such costs and expenses to the extent the same arise by reason of the illegal acts, fraud or willful misconduct of Agent or any Lender.   
  (b)        Any costs due and payable to Agent or any Lender may be paid, at Agent s election in its sole discretion, from any amounts in the Deposit Account or any other Account.  Any costs and expenses due and payable by Borrowers hereunder which are not paid by Borrowers within ten (10) days after demand may be paid from any amounts in the Deposit Account, with notice thereof to Borrowers.  The obligations and liabilities of Borrowers under this   Section 4.29   shall (i) become part of the Obligations, (ii) be secured by the Loan Documents and (iii) survive the Term and the exercise by Agent on behalf of the Lenders of any of its rights or remedies under the Loan Documents, including the acquisition of the Properties by foreclosure or a conveyance in lieu of foreclosure.  
  Section 4.30        Indemnity  .  Borrowers shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Agent, each Lender, Casualty Consultant, Servicer, their direct or indirect constituent owners, each of their respective Affiliates, and each of their respective successors, assigns, employees, agents, officers, directors, shareholders and members (each, an    Indemnified Party    and together, the    Indemnified Parties   ) from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, claims, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for Agent and/or any Lender in connection with any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding commenced or threatened, whether or not such Indemnified Party shall be designated a party thereto), that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such Indemnified Party in any manner relating to or arising out of (i) any breach by any Borrower of its Obligations under, or any misrepresentation by any Borrower contained in, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; (ii) the use or intended use of the proceeds of the Loan; (iii) any information provided by or on behalf of any Borrower, or contained in any documentation approved by any Borrower; (iv) ownership of the Mortgage, the Pledge Agreement, the Properties, the Collateral or any interest in any of the foregoing, or receipt of any Rents or other Gross Revenue (including due to any Increased Costs, Special Taxes or Other Taxes); (v) any accident, injury to or death of persons or loss of or damage to property occurring in, on or about any Property or on the adjoining sidewalks, curbs, adjacent property or adjacent parking areas, streets or ways; (vi) any use, nonuse or condition in, on or about any Property or on adjoining sidewalks, curbs, adjacent property or adjacent parking areas, streets or ways; (vii) performance of any labor or services or the furnishing of any materials or other property in respect of any Property; (viii) any failure of any Property to comply with any Legal Requirement; (ix) any claim by brokers, finders or similar persons claiming to be entitled to a commission in connection with any Lease or other transaction involving any Property or any part thereof, or any liability asserted against Agent or any Lender with respect thereto; (x) the claims of any lessee of any portion of any Property or any Person acting through or under any lessee or otherwise arising under or as a consequence of  
  
   78 

any Lease, and (xi) any failure to pay any permit and application fees, violations, fines and/or any other penalty incurred in connection with ownership, use, leasing and/or operation of any Property (collectively, the    Indemnified Liabilities    provided, however, that Borrowers shall not have any obligation to an Indemnified Party hereunder to the extent that such Indemnified Liabilities arise from the illegal acts actual fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct of Agents and/or any Lender, in each case as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.  To the extent that the undertaking to indemnify, defend and hold harmless set forth in the preceding sentence may be unenforceable because it violates any law or public policy, Borrowers shall pay the maximum portion that it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable law to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by each Indemnified Party. 
  Section 4.31        ERISA  .  
  (a)        No Borrower shall engage in any transaction which would cause any obligation, or action taken or to be taken, hereunder (or the exercise by Agent, any Lender or any assignee of any of its rights under the Notes, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents) to be a non-exempt (under a statutory or administrative class exemption) prohibited transaction under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (   ERISA   ) or Section 4975 of the Code.   
  (b)        No Borrower shall maintain, sponsor, contribute to or become obligated to contribute to, or suffer or permit any ERISA Affiliate of Borrower to, maintain, sponsor, contribute to or become obligated to contribute to, any Plan or any Welfare Plan or permit the assets of Borrower to become  plan assets,  within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, as modified in application by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
  (c)        Each Borrower shall deliver to Agent or any Lender such certifications or other evidence from time to time throughout the Term, as reasonably requested by Agent, that (A) such Borrower and Guarantor are not and do not maintain an  employee benefit plan  as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA, which is subject to Title I of ERISA, or a  governmental plan  within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA; (B) such Borrower and Guarantor are not subject to state statutes regulating investments and fiduciary obligations with respect to governmental plans; and (C) the assets of such Borrower and Guarantor do not constitute  plan assets  within the meaning of 29 C.F.R  2510.3-101 as modified in application by Section 3(42) of ERISA of any  benefit plan investor  as defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
  Section 4.32        Patriot Act Compliance  . 
  (a)        Borrowers will use its good faith and commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the Patriot Act and all applicable requirements of Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over Borrowers and/or any Property, including those relating to money laundering and terrorism.  Agent shall have the right to audit Borrowers  compliance with the Patriot Act and all applicable requirements of Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over Borrowers and/or the Properties, including those relating to money laundering and terrorism.  In the event that any Borrower fails to comply with the Patriot Act or any such requirements of Governmental Authorities, then Agent may, at its option, cause such Borrower to comply therewith and any and all costs and  
  
   79 

expenses incurred by Agent and any Lender in connection therewith shall be secured by the Mortgage and the other Loan Documents and shall be immediately due and payable. 
  (b)        No Borrower or any owner of a direct or indirect interest in any Borrower (i) is listed on any Government Lists, (ii) is a person who has been determined by competent authority to be subject to the prohibitions contained in Presidential Executive Order No. 13224 (Sept. 23, 2001) or any other similar prohibitions contained in the rules and regulations of OFAC or in any enabling legislation or other Presidential Executive Orders in respect thereof, (iii) has been previously indicted for or convicted of any felony involving a crime or crimes of moral turpitude or for any Patriot Act Offense, or (iv) is currently under investigation by any Governmental Authority for alleged criminal activity.  For purposes hereof, the term    Patriot Act Offense    means any violation of the criminal laws of the United States of America or of any of the several states, or that would be a criminal violation if committed within the jurisdiction of the United States of America or any of the several states, relating to terrorism or the laundering of monetary instruments, including any offense under (A) the criminal laws against terrorism; (B) the criminal laws against money laundering, (C) the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, (D) the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, as amended, or (E) the Patriot Act.     Patriot Act Offense    also includes the crimes of conspiracy to commit, or aiding and abetting another to commit, a Patriot Act Offense.  For purposes hereof, the term    Government Lists    means (1) the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons Lists maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (   OFAC   ), (2) any other list of terrorists, terrorist organizations or narcotics traffickers maintained pursuant to any of the Rules and Regulations of OFAC that Agent notified Borrowers in writing is now included in    Government Lists   , or (3) any similar lists maintained by the United States Department of State, the United States Department of Commerce or any other Governmental Authority or pursuant to any Executive Order of the President of the United States of America that Agent notified Borrowers in writing is now included in    Government Lists   . 
  (c)        At all times throughout the term of the Loan, including after giving effect to any Transfers permitted pursuant to the Loan Documents, (a) none of the funds or other assets of any Borrower or Guarantor shall constitute property of, or shall be beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any Person subject to trade restrictions under United States law, including, but not limited to, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C.    1701 et seq., The Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq., and any Executive Orders or regulations promulgated thereunder, with the result that the investment in such Borrower or Guarantor, as applicable (whether directly or indirectly), would be prohibited by law (each, an    Embargoed Person   ), or the Loan made by Agent and Lenders would be in violation of law, (b) no Embargoed Person shall have any interest of any nature whatsoever in such Borrower or Guarantor, as applicable, with the result that the investment in such Borrower or Guarantor, as applicable (whether directly or indirectly), would be prohibited by law or the Loan would be in violation of law, and (c) none of the funds of any Borrower or Guarantor, as applicable, shall be derived from any unlawful activity with the result that the investment in such Borrower or Guarantor, as applicable (whether directly or indirectly), would be prohibited by law or the Loan would be in violation of law. 
  Section 4.33        Zoning  .  No Borrower shall initiate or consent to any zoning reclassification of any portion of the Property owned by such Borrower or seek any variance under any existing zoning ordinance or use or permit the use of any portion of such Property in any manner that could  
  
   80 

result in such use becoming a non-conforming use under any zoning ordinance or any other applicable land use law, rule or regulation, without the prior consent of Agent. 
  Section 4.34        Costs of Enforcement  .  In the event (a) that any Mortgage is foreclosed in whole or in part or that the Mortgage is put into the hands of an attorney for collection, suit, action or foreclosure, (b) that the Pledge Agreement encumbering the Collateral is foreclosed in whole or in part or that the Pledge Agreement is put into the hands of an attorney for collection, suit, action or foreclosure, (c) of the foreclosure of any mortgage (or pledge) encumbering the any Property (or any direct or indirect ownership interests in any Borrower) prior to or subsequent to the Mortgage (or Pledge Agreement) in which proceeding Agent or any Lender is made a party, or (d) of the bankruptcy, insolvency, rehabilitation or other similar proceeding in respect of any Borrower,  any Sole Member or Guarantor or an assignment by any Borrower, any Sole Member or Guarantor for the benefit of its creditors, Borrowers shall be chargeable with and agrees to pay all costs of collection and defense, including reasonable attorneys  fees and costs, incurred by Agent or any Lender in connection therewith and in connection with any appellate proceeding or post judgment action involved therein, together with all required service or use taxes. 
  Section 4.35        Interests in Borrowers Certificated  . The limited liability company interests in each Borrower are and shall at all times during the Term be evidenced by a  certificated security  governed by Article 8 of the UCC.  Each Borrower has  opted in  to Article 8 of the UCC, has not opted out and shall not opt out of such Article 8 of the UCC, and shall cause a registry of the holders of limited liability company interests in such Borrower to be maintained at all times. 
  Section 4.36        Ground Lease  .  
  (a)        Ground Lease Borrower shall: 
  (i)        pay all rents, additional rents and other sums required to be paid by Ground Lease Borrower, as tenant under and pursuant to the provisions of the Ground Lease, as and when such rent or other charge is payable, 
  (ii)        diligently perform and observe all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Ground Lease on the part of Ground Lease Borrower, as tenant thereunder, to be performed and observed, at least three (3) days prior to the expiration of any applicable grace period therein provided; and  
  (iii)         promptly notify Agent of the giving of any written notice by the lessor under the Ground Lease to Ground Lease Borrower of any default by Ground Lease Borrower in the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of the Ground Lease on the part of Ground Lease Borrower, as tenant thereunder, to be performed or observed, and deliver to Agent a true copy of each such notice.   
  (b)        Ground Lease Borrower shall not, without the prior consent of Agent, surrender the leasehold estate created by the Ground Lease or terminate or cancel the Ground Lease or modify, change, supplement, alter or amend the Ground Lease or waive any rights under the Ground Lease, either orally or in writing, and Ground Lease Borrower hereby assigns to Agent, as further security for the payment and performance of the Obligations and for the performance and  
  
   81 

observance of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Mortgage, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, all of the rights, privileges and prerogatives of Ground Lease Borrower, as tenant under the Ground Lease, to surrender the leasehold estate created by the Ground Lease or to terminate, cancel, modify, change, supplement, alter, amend or waive any rights under the Ground Lease in any material respect, and any such surrender of the leasehold estate created by the Ground Lease or termination, cancellation, modification, change, supplement, alteration, amendment of or the waiver of rights under the Ground Lease in any material respect without the prior consent of Agent shall be void and of no force and effect.   
  (c)        If Ground Lease Borrower shall default in the performance or observance of any material term, covenant or condition of the Ground Lease on the part of Ground Lease Borrower, as tenant thereunder, to be performed or observed, then, without limiting the generality of the other provisions of the Mortgage, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and without waiving or releasing Ground Lease Borrower from any of its Obligations hereunder, Agent shall have the right, but shall be under no obligation, to pay any sums and to perform any act or take any action as may be appropriate to cause all of the material terms, covenants and conditions of the Ground Lease on the part of Ground Lease Borrower, as tenant thereunder, to be performed or observed or to be promptly performed or observed on behalf of Ground Lease Borrower, to the end that the rights of Ground Lease Borrower in, to and under the Ground Lease shall be kept unimpaired as a result thereof and free from default, even though the existence of such event of default or the nature thereof be questioned or denied by Ground Lease Borrower or by any party on behalf of Ground Lease Borrower.  If Agent shall make any payment or perform any act or take action in accordance with the preceding sentence, Agent will notify Borrowers of the making of any such payment, the performance of any such act or the taking of any such action.  In any such event, subject to the rights of Tenants, subtenants and other occupants under the Leases, Agent and any Person designated as Agent s agent by Agent shall have, and are hereby granted, the right to enter upon the Property encumbered by the Ground Lease at any reasonable time, on reasonable notice (which may be given verbally) and from time to time for the purpose of taking any such action.  Agent may pay and expend such sums of money as Agent reasonably deems necessary for any such purpose and upon so doing shall be subrogated to any and all rights of the landlord under the Ground Lease.  Borrowers hereby agrees to pay to Agent within five (5) days after demand, all such sums so paid and expended by Agent and all of Agent and Lenders  costs associated therewith, together with interest thereon from the day of such payment at the Default Rate.  All sums so paid and expended by Agent and the interest thereon shall be secured by the legal operation and effect of the Mortgage.   
  (d)        If the lessor under the Ground Lease shall deliver to Agent a copy of any notice of default sent by said lessor to Ground Lease Borrower, as tenant under the Ground Lease, such notice shall constitute full protection to Agent for any reasonable action taken or omitted to be taken by Agent, in good faith, in reliance thereon.  Ground Lease Borrower shall exercise each individual option, if any, to extend or renew the term of the Ground Lease upon demand by Agent made at any time within one (1) year prior to the last day upon which any such option may be exercised, and if Ground Lease Borrower shall fail to do so, Ground Lease Borrower hereby expressly authorizes and appoints Agent its attorney-in-fact to exercise any such option in the name of and upon behalf of the Ground Lease Borrower, which power of attorney shall be irrevocable and shall be deemed to be coupled with an interest.  Ground Lease Borrower will not subordinate or consent to the subordination of the Ground Lease to any mortgage, security deed, lease or other  
  
   82 

interest on or in the landlord s interest in all or any part of the Property encumbered by the Ground Lease, unless, in each such case, the written consent of Agent shall have been first had and obtained. 
  Section 4.37        Pan Am PSA  .  
  (a)        Pan Am Borrower shall not (i) surrender, terminate, cancel, modify, renew or extend the Pan Am PSA, (ii) enter into any other agreement relating to the sale of the Pan Am Property, or (iii) waive or release any of its rights and remedies under the Pan Am PSA. 
  (b)        Pan Am Borrower shall (i) promptly perform and/or observe all of the covenants and agreements required to be performed and observed by it under the Pan Am PSA and do all things necessary to preserve and to keep unimpaired its material rights thereunder; (ii) promptly notify Agent of any default under the Pan Am PSA of which it is aware; and (iii) promptly enforce the performance and observance of all of the covenants and agreements required to be performed and/or observed by the Pan Am Purchaser under the Pan Am PSA. 
  (c)        Pan Am Borrower shall close the transactions contemplated in the Pan Am PSA no later than the second (2   nd   ) anniversary of the Closing Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the transactions contemplated in the Pan Am PSA do not close on or prior to the second (2   nd   ) anniversary of the Closing Date as a result of a default by Pan Am Purchaser, Pan Am Borrower shall have the right to tender a deed to the Pan Am Property to Agent, subject to the Mortgage and the Assignment of Leases on the Pan Am Property, in which case the Outstanding Principal Balance shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Allocated Loan Amount for the Pan Am Property.    
  Section 4.38        TIC Agreements  .  
  (a)        Each Pan Am Borrower and each Waterfront Borrower shall (i) diligently perform and observe all of the terms, covenants and conditions set forth in the applicable TIC Agreement on the part of each such Borrower to be performed thereunder, and (ii) promptly deliver to Agent any notice given or received by any Borrower under the applicable TIC Agreement. 
  (b)        No Borrower shall without the prior consent of Agent, terminate or cancel any TIC Agreement or modify, change, supplement, alter or amend any TIC Agreement in any manner whatsoever or assign such Borrower s interest in any TIC Agreement to any Person, and any such termination, cancellation, modification, change, supplement, alteration, amendment or assignment of any TIC Agreement without the prior consent of Agent shall be void and of no force and effect. 
  (c)        Each Pan Am Borrower and each Waterfront Borrower hereby assigns to Agent (for the benefit of Lenders), as further security for the payment of the Debt and for the performance and observance of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Loan Documents all of the rights, privileges and prerogatives of the applicable Borrower under the applicable TIC Agreement, including any rights of first refusal (including any such rights arising under Section 363(i) of Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code), purchase options or other similar rights under such TIC Agreement.  Each Pan Am Borrower and each Waterfront Borrower hereby agrees that any rights of first refusal, purchase options or other similar rights under applicable TIC  
  
   83 

Agreement afforded to any such Borrower are hereby made expressly subordinate to the Mortgage and the other Loan Documents. 
  (d)        Each Pan Am Borrower and each Waterfront Borrower hereby agrees that all rights and remedies of each such Borrower, including rights of indemnification, under the applicable TIC Agreement are hereby expressly made subject and subordinate to the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents and, so long as the Loan is outstanding, no such Borrower shall exercise any such rights and remedies, including any rights of indemnification, against any other tenant-in-common under the applicable TIC Agreement. 
  (e)        Each Pan Am Borrower and each Waterfront Borrower hereby waives any rights it may have (whether by operation of law or pursuant to the terms of the applicable TIC Agreement), so long as any portion of the Debt is outstanding, to create or suffer to exist any Lien on all or any portion of any other tenant-in-common interest held by the other Borrower pursuant to the terms of the applicable TIC Agreement and, so long as the Loan is outstanding, no such Borrower shall place a Lien on all or any portion of any other tenant-in-common interest held by the other Borrower pursuant to the terms of the applicable TIC Agreement. 
  (f)        Each Pan Am Borrower and each Waterfront Borrower hereby waives any right that it may have (whether by operation of law or pursuant to the terms of the applicable TIC Agreement), so long as any portion of the Debt is outstanding, to make any application to or petition any court for a partition of the applicable Property, and, so long any portion of the Debt is outstanding, no such Borrower shall make any application to or petition any court for a partition of the applicable Property. 
  Section 4.39        Payment of Applicable Taxes  . Borrowers shall timely pay, as the same shall become due and payable, all Applicable Taxes levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets, except those that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been established on the books of Borrower (as applicable) in accordance with GAAP. 
  Section 4.40        Environmental Matters  . Without limiting any of Borrowers  or Guarantor s obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (i) following an Event of Default resulting from the occurrence of the Maturity Date without the Loan being repaid in full or (ii) when Agent has accelerated the Loan, upon notice from Agent, Waterfront Borrowers shall cause an engineer or consultant satisfactory to Agent to conduct any environmental assessment or audit of the Waterfront Property (the scope of which shall be determined in the sole discretion of Agent and may include, without limitation, obtaining new Phase I s and, if appropriate, Phase II s) and take any samples of soil, groundwater or other water, air or building materials or any other invasive or non-invasive testing requested by Agent and promptly deliver to Agent the results of any such assessment, audit, sampling or other testing.  In the event that, after reviewing such environmental report or assessment, Agent requests, based on the findings of the report, that Waterfront Borrowers undertake any Remediation (as defined in the Environmental Indemnity), Waterfront Borrowers shall promptly effectuate such Remediation and notify Agent upon completion thereof.  In addition, Agent shall have the right, but not the obligation, to perform, at Waterfront Borrowers  cost, any of Waterfront Borrowers  obligations under this   Section 4.40  . 
  
   84 

ARTICLE 5           INSURANCE, CASUALTY AND CONDEMNATION 
  Section 5.1        Insurance  .   
  5.1.1        Insurance Policies  . 
  (a)        Each Borrower, at its sole cost and expense, shall obtain and maintain during the entire Term, or cause to be maintained, insurance policies for such Borrower and the Property owned by such Borrower providing at least the following coverages: 
  (i)        Property insurance against loss or damage by fire, any type of wind (including named storm), lightning and such other perils as are included in a standard  special form  policy (formerly known as an  all-risk  endorsement policy), and against loss or damage by all other risks and hazards covered by a standard extended coverage insurance policy, with no exclusion for damage or destruction caused by the acts of  Terrorists  (as defined by TRIPRA) (or, subject to   Section 5.1.1(i)   below, standalone coverage with respect thereto) riot and civil commotion, vandalism, malicious mischief, burglary and theft (A) in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the    Full Replacement Cost    of such Property, which for purposes of this Agreement shall mean actual replacement value (exclusive of costs of excavations, foundations, underground utilities and footings) with a waiver of depreciation; (B) to be written on a no coinsurance form or containing an agreed amount endorsement with respect to the Improvements and personal property at such Property waiving all co-insurance provisions; and (C) containing an    Ordinance or Law Coverage    or    Enforcement    endorsement if any of the Improvements or the use of such Property shall at any time constitute legal non-conforming structures or uses, and compensating for loss of value or property resulting from operation of law and the cost of demolition and the increased cost of construction in amounts as required by Agent.  In addition, each Borrower shall obtain: (y) if any portion of the Improvements is currently or at any time in the future located in a federally designated  special flood hazard area , flood hazard insurance in an amount equal to the lesser of (1) the Outstanding Principal Balance or (2) the maximum amount of such insurance available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 or the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994, as each may be amended, or such greater amount as Agent shall require; and (z) earthquake insurance in amounts and in form and substance satisfactory to Agent (  provided   that Agent shall not require earthquake insurance unless such Property is located in an area with a high degree of seismic activity and a Probable Maximum Loss (   PML   ) of greater than 20%), provided that the insurance pursuant to   clauses (y) and (z)   hereof shall be on terms consistent with the comprehensive all risk insurance policy required under this   subsection (i)  ; 
  (ii)        commercial general liability insurance, including a broad form comprehensive general liability endorsement and coverages against claims for personal injury, bodily injury, death or property damage occurring upon, in or about such Property, such insurance (A) to be on the so-called  occurrence  form and  
  
   85 

containing minimum limits per occurrence of One Million and No/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00), with a combined limit per policy year, excluding umbrella coverage, of not less than Two Million and No/100 Dollars ($2,000,000.00); (B) to continue at not less than the aforesaid limit until required to be changed by Agent by reason of changed economic conditions making such protection inadequate as reasonably determined by Agent; and (C) to cover at least the following hazards: (1) Property and operations; (2) products and completed operations on an  if any  basis; (3) independent contractors; and (4) contractual liability for all legal contracts to the extent the same is available; 
  (iii)        rental loss and/or business income interruption insurance (A) with dual party endorsement; (B) covering all risks required to be covered by the insurance provided for in   subsection (i)   above and   Section 5.1.1(h)   below; (C) covering a period of restoration of twenty-four (24) months and containing an extended period of indemnity endorsement which provides that after the physical loss to the Improvements and Personal Property has been repaired, the continued loss of income will be insured until such income either returns to the same level it was at prior to the loss, or the expiration of twelve (12) months from the date that such Property is repaired or replaced and operations are resumed, whichever first occurs, and notwithstanding that the policy may expire prior to the end of such period; and (D) in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the projected Gross Revenue from such Property for a period of twenty-four (24) months from the date that such Property is repaired or replaced and operations are resumed.  The amount of such business income insurance shall be determined prior to the date hereof and at least once each year thereafter based on Borrowers  reasonable estimate of the Gross Revenue from such Property for the succeeding twenty-four (24) month period.  All proceeds payable to Agent pursuant to this subsection shall be held by Agent and shall be applied to the Obligations secured by the Loan Documents from time to time due and payable hereunder and under the Notes; provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed to relieve Borrowers of its Obligations to pay the Debt on the respective dates of payment provided for in the Notes and the other Loan Documents except to the extent such amounts are actually paid out of the proceeds of such business income insurance; 
  (iv)        at all times during which structural construction, repairs or alterations are being made with respect to the Improvements, and only if such property and liability coverage forms do not otherwise apply, (A) commercial general liability and umbrella  liability insurance covering claims related to the construction, repairs or alterations being made which are not covered by or under the terms or provisions of the commercial general liability and umbrella liability insurance policies required herein this Section 5.1.1(a); and (B) the insurance provided for in   subsection (i)   above written in a so-called builder s risk completed value form (1) on a non-reporting basis, (2) against all risks insured against pursuant to   subsection (i)   above, (3) including permission to occupy such Property, and (4) with an agreed amount endorsement waiving co-insurance provisions; 
  
   86 

(v)        workers  compensation, subject to the statutory limits of the state in which such Property is located, and employer s liability insurance with limits which are required from time to time by Agent in respect of any work or operations on or about such Property, or in connection with such Property or its operation, provided that the insurance described in this   subsection (v)   shall not be required if Borrower has no employees; 
  (vi)        comprehensive boiler and machinery insurance, if applicable, in amounts as shall be reasonably required by Agent on terms consistent with the commercial property insurance policy required under   subsection (i)   above; 
  (vii)        umbrella liability insurance in addition to primary coverage in an amount not less than $75,000,000     per occurrence on terms consistent with the commercial general liability insurance policy required under   subsection (ii)   above and   subsection (viii)   below; 
  (viii)        motor vehicle liability coverage for all owned and non-owned vehicles, including rented and leased vehicles containing minimum limits per occurrence, including umbrella coverage, with limits which are required from time to time by Agent (if applicable); 
  (ix)        tsunami coverage (which may be part of Borrowers  flood insurance) with coverage in an amount not less than $17,500,000.00 and in form and substance acceptable to Lender; 
  (x)        insurance against employee dishonesty, with respect to any employees of Manager, in an amount acceptable to Agent; and 
  (xi)        upon sixty (60) days  notice, such other reasonable insurance and in such reasonable amounts as Agent from time to time may reasonably request against such other insurable hazards which at the time are commonly insured against for properties similar to such Property located in or around the region in which such Property is located. 
  (b)        All insurance provided for in   Section 5.1.1(a)   shall be obtained under valid and enforceable policies (collectively, the    Policies    or in the singular, the    Policy   ) and shall be subject to the approval of Agent as to form and substance, including insurance companies, amounts, deductibles, loss payees and insureds.  Not less than ten (10) days prior to the expiration dates of the Policies theretofore furnished to Agent, certificates of insurance evidencing the Policies (and, upon the written request of Agent, copies of such Policies) accompanied by evidence satisfactory to Agent of payment of the premiums then due thereunder (the    Insurance Premiums   ), shall be delivered by each Borrower to Agent. 
  (c)        Any blanket insurance Policy shall otherwise provide the same protection as would a separate Policy insuring only the Properties in compliance with the provisions of   Section 5.1.1(a  ) (any such blanket policy, an    Acceptable Blanket Policy   ).    
  
   87 

(d)        All Policies of insurance provided for or contemplated by   Section 5.1.1(a)  , shall name the applicable Borrower as the insured and , with respect to Policies of liability insurance, except for the Policies referenced in   Section 5.1.1(a)(v) and (viii)  , shall name Agent (on behalf of Lenders) and its successors and/or assigns as additional insured, as its interests may appear, and in the case of Policies of property insurance, including but not limited to special form/all risk, boiler and machinery, terrorism, windstorm, flood, tsunami and earthquake insurance, shall contain a standard non-contributing mortgagee clause in favor of Agent (on behalf of Lenders) providing that the loss thereunder shall be payable to Agent unless below the threshold for such Borrower to handle such claim without Agent intervention as provided in   Section 5.2   below.  Additionally, if any Borrower obtains property insurance coverage in addition to or in excess of that required by   Section 5.1.1(a)(i)  , then such insurance policies shall also contain a standard non-contributing mortgagee clause in favor of Agent (on behalf of Lenders) providing that the loss thereunder shall be payable to Agent. 
  (e)        All Policies of insurance provided for in   Section 5.1.1(a)  , shall: 
  (i)        contain clauses or endorsements to the effect that, with respect to the Policies of property insurance, (1) no act or negligence of any Borrower, or anyone acting for any Borrower, or of any Tenant or other occupant, or failure to comply with the provisions of any Policy, which might otherwise result in a forfeiture of the insurance or any part thereof, or foreclosure or similar action, shall in any way affect the validity or enforceability of the insurance insofar as Agent is concerned, (2) the policies shall not be cancelled without at least 30 days  written notice to Lender, except ten (10) days  notice for non-payment of premium and (3) the issuer(s) of the policies shall give written notice to Lender if the issuers elect not to renew the policies prior to its expiration, provided that if issuers cannot or will not provide notice, such Borrower shall be obligated to provide such notice;  
  (ii)        contain clauses or endorsements to the effect that, if obtainable by Borrower using commercially reasonable efforts, the Policy shall not be canceled without at least thirty (30) days  written notice to Agent and any other party named therein as an additional insured (other than in the case of non-payment in which case only ten days prior notice, or the shortest time allowed by applicable Legal Requirement (whichever is longer), will be required) and shall not be materially changed (other than to increase the coverage provided thereby) without such a thirty (30) day notice. If the issuers cannot or will not provide notice, the Borrower shall be obligated to provide such notice; 
  (iii)        not contain any clause or provision that would make neither Agent nor any Lender shall be liable for any Insurance Premiums thereon or subject to any assessments thereunder; and 
  (iv)        contain clauses or endorsements to the effect that, if obtainable by Borrower using commercially reasonable efforts, the issuers thereof shall give notice to Agent if the issuers elect not to renew such Policies prior to its expiration. If the issuers cannot or will not provide notice, the Borrower shall be obligated to provide such notice; and 
  
   88 

(f)        If at any time Agent is not in receipt of written evidence that all insurance required hereunder is in full force and effect, Agent shall have the right, without notice to the applicable Borrower, to take such action as Agent deems necessary to protect its interest in the applicable Property, including the obtaining of such insurance coverage as Agent in its sole discretion deems appropriate and all premiums incurred by Agent in connection with such action or in obtaining such insurance and keeping it in effect shall be paid by Borrowers to Agent upon demand and until paid shall be secured by the Mortgage and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. 
  (g)        In the event of foreclosure of the Mortgage or other transfer of title to the Properties in extinguishment in whole or in part of the Obligations, all right, title and interest of Borrowers in and to the Policies that are not blanket Policies then in force concerning the Properties and all proceeds payable thereunder shall thereupon vest in the purchaser at such foreclosure or Agent or other transferee in the event of such other transfer of title. 
  (h)        The property insurance, liability insurance and rental loss and/or business interruption insurance required under   Sections 5.1.1(a)(i), (ii)  (iii) and (vii)     above shall cover perils of terrorism and acts of terrorism (or at least not specifically exclude same) and Borrowers shall maintain property insurance, public liability insurance and rental loss and/or business interruption insurance for loss resulting from perils and acts of terrorism on terms (including amounts) consistent with those required under   Sections 5.1.1(a)(i), (ii), (iii) and (vii)     above (or at least not specifically excluding same) at all times during the term of the Loan. For so long TRIPA is in effect and continues to cover both foreign and domestic acts, Lender shall accept terrorism insurance with coverage against acts which are  certified  within the meaning of TRIPRA. 
  (i)        Notwithstanding anything in   subsection (a)(i) or (h)   above to the contrary, each Borrower shall be required to obtain and maintain coverage in its property insurance Policy (or by a separate Policy) against loss or damage by terrorist acts in an amount equal to 100% of the  Full Replacement Cost  of the Property owned by such Borrower plus the rental loss and/or business interruption coverage under   subsection (a)(iii)   above; provided that such coverage is available.  In the event that such coverage with respect to terrorist acts is not included as part of the  all risk  property policy required by   subsection (a)(i)   above, such Borrower shall, nevertheless be required to obtain coverage for terrorism (as standalone coverage) in an amount equal to 100% of the  Full Replacement Cost  of such Property plus the rental loss and/or business interruption coverage under   subsection (a)(iii)   above; provided that such coverage is available.  Borrowers shall obtain the coverage required under this   clause (i)   from a carrier which otherwise satisfies the rating criteria specified in   Section 5.1.2   below (a    Qualified Carrier   ) or in the event that such coverage is not available from a Qualified Carrier, Borrowers shall obtain such coverage from the highest rated insurance company providing such coverage. 
  5.1.2        Insurance Company  .  All Policies required pursuant to   Section 5.1.1 (i)   shall be issued by companies authorized to do business in the state where the Properties are located, with (1) a financial strength and claims paying ability rating of (x)  A  or better by S P, , however for multi-layered policies, (A) if four (4) or less insurance companies issue the Policies, then at least 75% of the insurance coverage represented by the Policies must be provided by insurance companies with a claims paying ability rating of  A  or better by S P, with no carrier below  BBB  or (B) if five (5) or more insurance companies issue the Policies, then at least sixty percent (60%) of the insurance coverage represented by the Policies must be provided by insurance companies with a  
  
   89 

claims paying ability rating of  A  or better by S P, with no carrier below  BBB ,     and (2) a rating of  A:X  or better in the current Best s Insurance Reports; (ii) shall, with respect to all property insurance and rental loss and/or business interruption insurance policies, contain a Standard Mortgagee Clause/ Lender s Loss Payable Endorsement, or their equivalents, naming Agent (on behalf of Lenders) as the person to whom all payments made by such insurance company shall be paid; (ii) shall contain a waiver of subrogation against Agent; (iv) shall contain such provisions as Agent deems reasonably necessary or desirable to protect its interest including endorsements providing (A) that no Borrower, Agent, Lender or any other party shall be a co-insurer under said Policies, , and (B) for a deductible per loss of an amount not more than that which is customarily maintained by prudent owners of properties with a standard of operation and maintenance comparable to and in the general vicinity of such Property, but in no event in excess of an amount reasonably acceptable to Agent; and (v) shall be satisfactory in form and substance to Agent and shall be approved by Agent as to amounts, form, risk coverage, deductibles, loss payees and insureds.  In addition to the insurance coverages described in   Section 5.1.1   above, Borrowers shall obtain such other insurance as may from time to time be reasonably required by Agent in order to protect its interests.  Certificates of insurance evidencing the Policies shall be delivered to Agent at the address below (or to such other address or Person as Agent shall designate from time to time by notice to Borrowers) on the date hereof with respect to the current Policies and within thirty (30) days after the effective date thereof with respect to all renewal Policies: 
  Midland Loan Services   Attn: Bank Servicing Group   10851 Mastin, Suite 700  Overland Park, KS 66210  
    
  Borrowers shall pay the Insurance Premiums annually in advance as the same become due and payable and shall furnish to Agent evidence of the renewal of each of the Policies with receipts for the payment of the Insurance Premiums or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Agent (provided, however, that no Borrower shall be required to pay such Insurance Premiums nor furnish such evidence of payment to Agent in the event that the amounts required to pay such Insurance Premiums have been deposited into the Insurance Account pursuant to   Section 6.4   hereof).  Within thirty (30) days after request by Agent, Borrowers shall obtain such increases in the amounts of coverage required hereunder as may be reasonably requested by Agent, taking into consideration changes in the value of money over time, changes in liability laws, changes in prudent customs and practices. 
  Section 5.2        Casualty  .  If any Property shall be damaged or destroyed, in whole or in part, by fire or other casualty (a    Casualty   ), Borrowers shall give prompt notice thereof to Agent.   Following the occurrence of a Casualty, Borrowers, regardless of whether insurance proceeds are available, shall promptly proceed to restore, repair, replace or rebuild the affected Property, in accordance with Legal Requirements to be of at least equal value and of substantially the same character as prior to such damage or destruction.  Agent may, but shall not be obligated to make proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrowers.  In addition, Agent may participate in any settlement discussions with any insurance companies (and shall approve any final settlement) (i) if an Event of Default is continuing or (ii) with respect to any Casualty in which the Net Proceeds or the costs of completing the Restoration are equal to or greater than, with respect to the affected Property, two  
  
   90 

percent (2%) of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property, and Borrowers shall deliver to Agent all instruments required by Agent to permit such participation.  Except as set forth in the foregoing sentence (and, in the case of the Waterfront Property, subject to the terms of the Ground Lease), any Insurance Proceeds in connection with any Casualty (whether or not Agent elects to settle and adjust the claim or Borrowers settle such claim) shall be due and payable solely to Agent and held by Agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  In the event any Borrower is a payee on any check representing Insurance Proceeds with respect to any Casualty, Borrowers shall immediately endorse, and cause all such third parties to endorse, such check payable to the order of Agent (on behalf of Lenders).  Borrowers hereby irrevocably appoint Agent as its attorney-in-fact, coupled with an interest, to endorse any such check payable to the order of Agent (on behalf of Lenders).   Borrowers hereby release Agent and Lenders from any and all liability with respect to the settlement and adjustment by Agent of any claims in respect of any Casualty.  
  Section 5.3        Condemnation  .      Borrowers shall promptly give Agent notice of the actual or threatened commencement of any proceeding for the Condemnation of all or any portion of any Property and shall deliver to Agent copies of any and all papers served in connection with such proceedings.  Agent may participate in any such proceedings, and Borrowers shall from time to time deliver to Agent all instruments requested by it to permit such participation.  Borrowers shall, at its expense, diligently prosecute any such proceedings, and shall consult with Agent, its attorneys and experts, and cooperate with them in the carrying on or defense of any such proceedings.  Notwithstanding any taking by any public or quasi-public authority through Condemnation or otherwise (including, but not limited to, any transfer made in lieu of or in anticipation of the exercise of such taking), Borrowers shall continue to pay the Debt at the time and in the manner provided for its payment in the Notes and in this Agreement and the Debt shall not be reduced until any Award shall have been actually received and applied by Agent, after the deduction of expenses of collection, to the reduction or discharge of the Debt.  Agent shall not be limited to the interest paid on the Award by the condemning authority but shall be entitled to receive out of the Award interest at the rate or rates provided herein or in the Notes.  If any Property or any portion thereof is taken by a condemning authority, Borrowers shall promptly commence and diligently prosecute the Restoration of such Property and otherwise comply with the provisions of   Section 5.4  , whether or not an Award is available to pay the costs of such Restoration.  If such Property is sold, through foreclosure or otherwise, prior to the receipt by Agent of the Award, Agent shall have the right (but, in the case of the Waterfront Property, subject to the terms of the Ground Lease), whether or not a deficiency judgment on the Notes shall have been sought, recovered or denied, to receive the Award, or a portion thereof sufficient to pay the Debt. 
  Section 5.4        Restoration  .    The following provisions shall apply in connection with the Restoration (but, in the case of the Waterfront Property, subject to the terms of the Ground Lease): 
  (a)        If the Net Proceeds shall be less than, with respect to the affected Property, one percent (1%) of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property, and provided no Event of Default is continuing, the Net Proceeds will be disbursed by Agent to Borrowers upon receipt, provided that all of the conditions set forth in   Section 5.4(b)(i)   are met and Borrowers deliver to Agent a written undertaking to expeditiously commence and to satisfactorily complete with due diligence and in a good and workmanlike manner the Restoration in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
  
   91 

(b)        If the Net Proceeds are equal to or greater than, with respect to the affected Property, one percent (1%) of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property, the Net Proceeds will be held by Agent and Agent shall make the Net Proceeds available for the Restoration in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 5.4  .  The term    Net Proceeds    shall mean:  (i) the net amount of all insurance proceeds received by Agent pursuant to   Section 5.1.1 (a)(i), (iii), (iv), and (vi) and Section 5.1.1(h)   as a result of such damage or destruction, after deduction of its reasonable costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable counsel fees), if any, in collecting same (   Insurance Proceeds   ), or (ii) the net amount of the Award, after deduction of its reasonable costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable counsel fees), if any, in collecting same (   Condemnation Proceeds   ), whichever the case may be. 
  (i)        The Net Proceeds shall be made available to Borrowers for Restoration upon the determination of Agent, in its sole discretion, that the following conditions are met: 
  (A)        no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 
  (B)        (1) in the event the Net Proceeds are Insurance Proceeds, less than twenty-five percent (25%) of the total floor area of the Improvements on the affected Property has been damaged, destroyed or rendered unusable as a result of such Casualty or (2) in the event the Net Proceeds are Condemnation Proceeds, less than ten percent (10%) of the land constituting the affected Property is taken, and such land is located along the perimeter or periphery of such Property, and no portion of the Improvements is located on such land; 
  (C)        Leases demising in the aggregate a percentage amount equal to or greater than seventy-five percent (75%) of the total rentable space in the affected Property which has been demised under executed and delivered Leases in effect as of the date of the occurrence of such Casualty or Condemnation, whichever the case may be, shall remain in full force and effect during and after the completion of the Restoration without abatement of rent beyond the time required for Restoration, notwithstanding the occurrence of any such Casualty or Condemnation, whichever the case may be, and will make all necessary repairs and restorations thereto that are not being made by Borrowers as part of the Restoration at their sole cost and expense; 
  (D)        Borrowers shall commence the Restoration as soon as reasonably practicable (but in no event later than thirty (30) days after Borrowers  receipt of the building permits for the Restoration, Borrowers agreeing to continuously and diligently pursue obtaining such building permits) and shall diligently pursue the same to satisfactory completion; 
  (E)        Agent shall be satisfied that any operating deficits, including all scheduled payments of principal and interest under the Notes, which will be incurred with respect to the affected Property as a result of the occurrence of any such Casualty or Condemnation, whichever the case may be, will be covered out of (1) the Net Proceeds, (2) the insurance coverage referred to in   Section 5.1.1(a)(iii)  , if applicable, or (3) by other funds of Borrowers; 
  
   92 

(F)        Agent shall be satisfied that the Restoration will be completed in a good and workmanlike manner on or before the earliest to occur of (1) the date six (6) months prior to the Stated Maturity Date, (2) the earliest date required for such completion under the terms of any Lease, (3) such time as may be required under applicable Legal Requirements or (4) three (3) months prior to the exhaustion of the proceeds of the insurance coverage referred to in   Section 5.1.1(a)(iii)  ; 
  (G)        the affected Property and the use thereof after the Restoration will be in compliance with and permitted under all applicable Legal Requirements; 
  (H)        the Restoration shall be done and completed by Borrowers in a good and workmanlike manner and in an expeditious and diligent fashion and in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements; 
  (I)        such Casualty or Condemnation, as applicable, does not result in the loss of access to the affected Property or the related Improvements; 
  (J)        the Debt Yield, after giving effect to the Restoration, shall be equal to or greater than 8.25%; 
  (K)        the Loan to Value Ratio after giving effect to the Restoration, shall be equal to or less than the lesser of (x) eighty and one half percent (80.5%), and (y) the Loan to Value Ratio required hereunder in order to exercise the most recent Extension Option under   Section 2.7  ; 
  (L)        Borrowers shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Agent a signed detailed budget approved in writing by Borrowers  architect or engineer stating the entire cost of completing the Restoration, which budget shall be reasonably acceptable to Agent; and 
  (M)        the Net Proceeds together with any cash or cash equivalent deposited by Borrowers with Agent are sufficient in Agent s discretion to cover the cost of the Restoration. 
  (ii)        The Net Proceeds shall be held by Agent in the Casualty and Condemnation Account and, until disbursed in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 5.4(b)  , shall constitute additional security for the Debt and other obligations under the Loan Documents.  The Net Proceeds shall be disbursed by Agent to, or as directed by, Borrowers from time to time during the course of the Restoration, upon receipt of evidence satisfactory to Agent that (A) all materials installed and work and labor performed (except to the extent that they are to be paid for out of the requested disbursement) in connection with the Restoration have been paid for in full, and (B) there exist no notices of pendency, stop orders, mechanic s or materialman s liens or notices of intention to file same, or any other liens or encumbrances of any nature whatsoever on the affected Property which have not either been fully bonded to the satisfaction of Agent and discharged of record or in the alternative fully insured to the satisfaction of Agent by the title company issuing the Title Insurance Policy. 
  
   93 

(iii)        All plans and specifications required in connection with the Restoration shall be subject to the prior approval of Agent and an independent consulting engineer selected by Agent (the    Casualty Consultant   ), which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  Agent shall have the use of the plans and specifications and all permits, licenses and approvals required or obtained in connection with the Restoration.  The identity of the contractors, subcontractors and materialmen engaged in the Restoration, as well as the contracts under which they have been engaged, shall be subject to the approval of Agent and the Casualty Consultant, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  All costs and expenses incurred by Agent and/or any Lender in connection with recovering, holding and advancing the Net Proceeds for the Restoration including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements and the Casualty Consultant s fees and disbursements, shall be paid by Borrowers. 
  (iv)        In no event shall Agent be obligated to make disbursements of the Net Proceeds in excess of an amount equal to the costs actually incurred from time to time for work in place as part of the Restoration, as certified by the Casualty Consultant, less the Casualty Retainage.  The term    Casualty Retainage    shall mean, as to each contractor, subcontractor or materialman engaged in the Restoration, an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the costs actually incurred for work in place as part of the Restoration, as certified by the Casualty Consultant, until the Restoration has been completed.  The Casualty Retainage shall in no event, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above in this   Section 5.4(b)  , be less than the amount actually held back by Borrowers from contractors, subcontractors and materialmen engaged in the Restoration.  The Casualty Retainage shall not be released until the Casualty Consultant certifies to Agent that the Restoration has been completed in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 5.4(b)   and that all approvals necessary for the re-occupancy and use of the affected Property have been obtained from all appropriate Governmental Authorities, and Agent receives evidence satisfactory to Agent that the costs of the Restoration have been paid in full or will be paid in full out of the Casualty Retainage; provided, however, that Agent will release the portion of the Casualty Retainage being held with respect to any contractor, subcontractor or materialman engaged in the Restoration as of the date upon which (i) the Casualty Consultant certifies to Agent that such contractor, subcontractor or materialman has satisfactorily completed all work and has supplied all materials in accordance with the provisions of such contractor s, subcontractor s or materialman s contract, (ii) copies of appropriate lien waivers and evidence of payment in full of all sums due to the contractor, subcontractor or materialman as may be reasonably requested by Agent or by the title company issuing the Title Insurance Policy are delivered to Agent, and (iii) Agent receives an endorsement to the Title Insurance Policy insuring the continued priority of the Lien of the Mortgage and evidence of payment of any premium payable for such endorsement.  If required by Agent, the release of any such portion of the Casualty Retainage shall be approved by the surety company, if any, which has issued a payment or performance bond with respect to the contractor, subcontractor or materialman. 
  
   94 

(v)        Agent shall not be obligated to make disbursements of the Net Proceeds more frequently than once every calendar month. 
  (vi)        If at any time the Net Proceeds or the undisbursed balance thereof shall not, in the opinion of Agent in consultation with the Casualty Consultant, be sufficient to pay in full the balance of the costs which are estimated by the Casualty Consultant to be incurred in connection with the completion of the Restoration, Borrowers shall deposit the deficiency (the    Net Proceeds Deficiency   ) with Agent (for deposit into the Casualty and Condemnation Account) before any further disbursement of the Net Proceeds shall be made.  The Net Proceeds Deficiency deposited with Agent shall be deposited by Agent into the Casualty and Condemnation Account and shall be disbursed for costs actually incurred in connection with the Restoration on the same conditions applicable to the disbursement of the Net Proceeds, and until so disbursed pursuant to this   Section 5.4(b)   shall constitute additional security for the Obligations. 
  (vii)        The excess, if any, of the Net Proceeds and the remaining balance, if any, of the Net Proceeds Deficiency deposited with Agent after the Casualty Consultant certifies to Agent that the Restoration has been completed in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 5.4(b)  , and the receipt by Agent of evidence satisfactory to Agent that all costs incurred in connection with the Restoration have been paid in full, shall be remitted by Agent to Borrowers, provided no Event of Default shall have occurred and shall be continuing. 
  (c)        Intentionally Omitted. 
  (d)        All Net Proceeds not required (i) to be made available for the Restoration or (ii) to be returned to Borrowers as excess Net Proceeds pursuant to   Section 5.4(b)(vii)   may be retained and applied by Agent in accordance with   Section 2.4.3   hereof toward the payment of the Debt whether or not then due and payable in such order, priority and proportions as Agent in its sole discretion shall deem proper, or, at the discretion of Agent, the same may be paid, either in whole or in part, to Borrowers for such purposes as Agent shall approve, in its discretion.  Additionally, throughout the term of the Loan if an Event of Default is continuing, then Borrowers shall pay to Agent, with respect to any payment of the Debt pursuant to this   Section 5.4(d)  , an additional amount equal to the Spread Maintenance Premium; provided, however, that if an Event of Default is not continuing, then no Spread Maintenance Premium shall be payable. 
  (e)        In the event of foreclosure of the Mortgage, or other transfer of title to any Property in extinguishment in whole or in part of the Debt all right, title and interest of Borrowers in and to the Policies that are not blanket Policies then in force concerning such Property and all proceeds payable thereunder shall thereupon vest in the purchaser at such foreclosure or Agent or other transferee, as applicable, in the event of such other transfer of title. 
  (f)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if in connection with a Casualty, any insurance company makes a payment under a property or business or rental interruption insurance Policy that Borrowers propose be treated as business or rental interruption insurance, then, notwithstanding any designation (or lack of designation) by the insurance company  
  
   95 

as to the purpose of such payment, as between Agent and Borrowers, such payment shall not be treated as business or rental interruption Insurance Proceeds unless Borrowers (i) have demonstrated to Agent s satisfaction that the remaining Net Proceeds that have been received from the property insurance companies are sufficient to pay 100% of the cost of the Restoration or, if such Net Proceeds are to be applied to repay the Obligations in accordance with the terms hereof, that such remaining Net Proceeds will be sufficient to satisfy the Obligations in full or (ii) to the extent Borrowers are not able to satisfy Agent as to the sufficiency of the remaining funds to pay 100% of the Restoration or to satisfy the Obligations in full prior to distribution of Net Proceeds, Borrowers have agreed to fund any shortfall from funds other than from Gross Revenue or borrowed funds and has provided such security as Agent may require to insure payment of such shortfalls.  To the extent any payment under a property or business or rental interruption insurance Policy is treated as business or rental interruption insurance in accordance with this paragraph (f), such funds shall be deposited into the Casualty and Condemnation Account.  Provided that no Event of Default then exists, Insurance Proceeds treated as business or rental interruption insurance in accordance with this paragraph (f) (to the extent of available funds) shall be (A) first applied by Agent, on each Monthly Payment Date, to pay for Debt Service, deposits of Reserve Funds and payments of Monthly Operating Expense Budgeted Amount and Approved Extraordinary Operating Expenses actually incurred (collectively, the    Approved Monthly BI Expenses   ) for such month pursuant to, and in the priorities set forth in,   Section 6.8  , and (B) second, to the extent that Agent determines that the amount of business or rental interruption Insurance Proceeds then remaining in the Casualty and Condemnation Account is sufficient to pay for all future Approved Monthly BI Expenses through the completion of the subject Restoration, disbursed by Agent to Borrowers in an aggregate amount under this   clause (B)   not to exceed the Approved Monthly BI Expenses actually incurred by Borrowers from the date of the applicable Casualty to the date of the first installment of business or rental interruption Insurance Proceeds advanced by the applicable insurance company (as evidenced by supporting documentation provided by Borrowers that is acceptable to Agent).  Provided no Default then exists, all remaining business or rental interruption insurance proceeds shall be disbursed to Borrowers upon the completion of the subject Restoration and the recommencement of full unabated rent being paid by the Tenants under the Leases required to remain in place pursuant to   Section 5.4(b)(i)(C)  . 
  ARTICLE 6           CASH MANAGEMENT AND RESERVE FUNDS 
  Section 6.1        Cash Management Arrangements  .    Each Borrower shall cause all Rents and other Gross Revenue to be (i) transmitted directly into a separate trust account (each, a    Clearing Account   ) established for each of the Davies Center Property, the Pan Am Property and the Waterfront Property and maintained by Borrowers at an Eligible Institution selected by Borrowers and reasonably approved by Agent (the    Clearing Bank   ) as more fully described in the Clearing Account Agreement.  Without in any way limiting the foregoing, if any Borrower, Manager or any of their respective Affiliates receives any Rents or other Gross Revenue from the Davies Center Property, the Pan Am Property or the Waterfront Property, then (i) such amounts shall be deemed to be collateral for the Obligations and shall be held in trust for the benefit of, and as the property of, Agent (for the benefit of Lenders), (ii) such amounts shall not be commingled with any other funds or property of any Borrower, Manager or any of their respective Affiliates, and (iii) each Borrower, Manager or such Affiliate shall deposit such amounts in the Clearing Account for such Property within one (1) Business Day of receipt thereof.  Subject to maintaining the Minimum  
  
   96 

Balance (as defined in the Clearing Account Agreement), all available funds deposited into any Clearing Account shall be swept by the Clearing Bank on a daily basis into the Deposit Account and applied and disbursed in accordance with this Agreement.  Funds in the Deposit Account may be invested in Permitted Investments as Agent shall determine in Agent s discretion. All funds in the Deposit Account or any Account that are invested in a Permitted Investment are deemed to be held in such Deposit Account or any Account for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  The maturities of the Permitted Investments on deposit in the Deposit Account or any Account shall, to the extent such dates are ascertainable, be selected and coordinated to become due not later than the day before any disbursements from the Accounts must be made.  All Permitted Investments shall be held in the name and be under the sole dominion and control of Agent. Neither Agent nor the Deposit Bank shall have any liability for any loss in investments of funds in the Deposit Account or any Account that are invested in Permitted Investments.  Borrower shall include all such earnings and losses on the Deposit Account or any Account as income or losses, as the case may be, of Borrower for federal and applicable state tax purposes.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent or its designee shall only be permitted to instruct the Deposit Bank to invest amounts held in the Deposit Account in Permitted Investments if: (i) such Permitted Investments are regularly offered by Agent or Servicer for accounts similar in size, scope and type as the Deposit Account and (ii) such Permitted Investments are not prohibited by any Legal Requirements.  Agent shall also establish subaccounts of the Deposit Account which shall at all times be Eligible Accounts (and may be ledger or book entry accounts and not actual accounts) (such subaccounts, including the Required Repairs Account, the Tax Account, the Insurance Account, the Ground Rent Account, the Rollover Account, the Capital Expenditure Account, the Casualty and Condemnation Account and the Cash Collateral Account, and any and all bank accounts of Borrowers are referred to herein as    Accounts   ).  The Deposit Account and all other Accounts (other than any account of Borrowers for the deposit of amounts available to Borrowers pursuant to   Sections 6.10.1(xi)(A)(y)   and   4.11.4   when no Cash Flow Sweep Period is continuing) will be under the sole control and dominion of Agent, and no Borrower shall have the right of withdrawal from such Accounts under the sole control and dominion of Agent.  Borrowers shall pay for all expenses of opening and maintaining all of the above accounts. 
  Section 6.2        Required Repairs Funds  .   
  6.2.1        Deposit of Required Repairs Funds  .  Borrowers shall perform the repairs and other work at the Properties as set forth on   Schedule II   (such repairs and other work hereinafter referred to as    Required Repairs   ) and shall complete each of the Required Repairs on or before the respective deadline for each repair as set forth on   Schedule II  ; provided, however, that if any Required Repair has not been completed on or prior to the date set forth on   Schedule II   for such Required Repair, and provided Borrowers are diligently and continuously pursuing completion of the same, Borrowers shall have such additional time reasonably necessary to complete such Required Repair, such additional period not to exceed sixty (60) days.  On the Closing Date, Borrowers shall deposit with Agent the amount set forth on such   Schedule II   as the estimated cost to complete the Required Repairs multiplied by 115% (the    Required Repairs Funds   ), which Required Repairs Funds shall be transferred by Deposit Bank into an Account (the    Required Repairs Account   ). 
  6.2.2        Release of Required Repairs Funds  .  Provided no monetary Default, material non-monetary Default of which Agent has notified Borrowers or Event of Default shall exist and remain uncured, Agent shall disburse Required Repairs Funds to Borrowers out of the Required Repairs  
  
   97 

Account, within twenty (20) days after the delivery by Borrowers to Agent of a request therefor (but not more often than once per month), in increments of at least $10,000 (or a lesser amount if the total amount in the Required Repairs Account is less than $10,000, in which case only one disbursement of the amount remaining in the account shall be made), accompanied by the following items (which items shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Agent):  (i) an Officer s Certificate (A) stating that the Required Repairs (or relevant portion thereof) to be funded by the requested disbursement have been completed in a good and workmanlike manner and in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, (B) identifying each Person that supplied materials or labor in connection with the Required Repairs to be funded by the requested disbursement, (C) stating that each such Person has been paid in full or will be paid in full upon such disbursement, or if such payment is a progress payment, that such payment represents full payment to such Person, less any applicable retention amount, for work completed through the date of the relevant invoice from such Person, (D) stating that the Required Repairs (or relevant portion thereof) to be funded have not been the subject of a previous disbursement, (E) stating that all previous disbursements of Required Repair Funds have been used to pay the previously identified Required Repairs, and (F) stating that all outstanding costs of Required Repairs (other than those to be paid from the requested disbursement or those constituting Permitted Indebtedness) have been paid in full other than any applicable retention amount, (ii) as to any completed Required Repair a copy of any license, permit or other approval by any Governmental Authority required, if any, in connection with the Required Repairs and not previously delivered to Agent, (iii) copies of appropriate lien waivers (or conditional lien waivers) or other evidence of payment satisfactory to Agent, (iv) at Agent s option, a title search for the applicable Property indicating that such Property is free from all Liens, claims and other encumbrances not previously approved by Agent, and (v) such other evidence as Agent shall reasonably request to demonstrate that the Required Repairs to be funded by the requested disbursement have been completed (or completed to the extent of the requested payment) and are paid for or will be paid upon such disbursement to Borrowers.  Upon Borrowers  completion of all Required Repairs in accordance with this   Section 6.2  , Agent shall release any remaining Required Repairs Funds, if any, in the Required Repairs Account to Borrowers.  In addition to the foregoing, with respect to Required Repairs marked  Yes  in column H of   Schedule II  , if, within 45 days after the date hereof, Borrowers provide backup to Agent that, in Agent s reasonable discretion, evidences that the applicable Required Repair will be completed in accordance with the terms of this   Section 6.2   for less than the cost estimate for such Required Repair set forth on   Schedule II  , so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Agent shall release to Borrowers the difference between the original cost estimate to complete the applicable Required Repair and the amount Agent reasonably determines is required to complete the Required Repair. 
  Section 6.3        Tax Funds  . 
  6.3.1        Deposits of Tax Funds  .  Borrowers shall deposit with Agent (i) on the Closing Date, an amount equal to $613,261.68 and (ii) on each Monthly Payment Date, an amount equal to one-twelfth of the Taxes that Agent estimates will be payable during the next ensuing twelve (12) months (initially, $306,630.84), or any greater amount, in each case, in order to accumulate sufficient funds to pay all such Taxes at least thirty (30) days prior to their respective due dates, which amounts shall be transferred into an Account (the    Tax Account   ).  Amounts deposited from time to time into the Tax Account pursuant to this   Section 6.3.1   are referred to herein as the    Tax Funds   .  If at any time Agent determines that the Tax Funds will not be sufficient to pay the Taxes, Agent shall  
  
   98 

notify Borrowers of such determination and the monthly deposits for Taxes shall be increased by the amount that Agent estimates is sufficient to make up the deficiency at least ten (10) days prior to the respective due dates for the Taxes; provided, that if Borrowers receive notice of any deficiency after the date that is ten (10) days prior to the date that Taxes are due, Borrowers will deposit with Agent such amount within three (3) Business Days after its receipt of such notice. 
  6.3.2        Release of Tax Funds  .  Provided no monetary Default or Event of Default shall exist and remain uncured, Agent shall apply Tax Funds in the Tax Account to payments of Taxes.  In making any payment relating to Taxes, Agent may do so according to any bill, statement or estimate procured from the appropriate public office (with respect to Taxes) without inquiry into the accuracy of such bill, statement or estimate or into the validity of any tax, assessment, sale, forfeiture, tax lien or title or claim thereof.  If the amount of the Tax Funds shall exceed the amounts due for Taxes (including, without limitation, in connection with a sale of a Property), Agent shall, in its sole discretion, either (a) return any excess to Borrowers or (b) credit such excess against future payments to be made to the Tax Funds.  Any Tax Funds remaining in the Tax Account after the Obligations have been paid in full shall be returned to Borrowers. 
  Section 6.4        Insurance Funds  . 
  6.4.1        Deposits of Insurance Funds  .  Borrowers shall deposit with Agent (i) on the Closing Date, an amount equal to $163,209.27 and (ii) on each Monthly Payment Date, an amount equal to one-twelfth of the Insurance Premiums that Agent estimates will be payable for the renewal of the coverage afforded by the Policies upon the expiration thereof (initially $163,209.27), or any greater amount, in each case, in order to accumulate sufficient funds to pay all such Insurance Premiums at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the Policies, which amounts shall be transferred into an Account established at Deposit Bank to hold such funds (the    Insurance Account   ).  Amounts deposited from time to time into the Insurance Account pursuant to this   Section 6.4.1   are referred to herein as the    Insurance Funds   .  If at any time Agent determines that the Insurance Funds will not be sufficient to pay the Insurance Premiums, Agent shall notify Borrowers of such determination and the monthly deposits for Insurance Premiums shall be increased by the amount that Agent estimates is sufficient to make up the deficiency at least thirty (30) days prior to expiration of the Policies. 
  6.4.2        Release of Insurance Funds  .  Provided no monetary Default or Event of Default shall exist and remain uncured, Agent shall apply Insurance Funds in the Insurance Account to the timely payment of Insurance Premiums, provided Borrowers shall furnish Agent with all bills, invoices and statements for the Insurance Premiums for which such funds are required at least thirty (30) days prior to the date on which such charges first become payable.  In making any payment relating to Insurance Premiums, Agent may do so according to any bill, statement or estimate procured from the insurer or its agent, without inquiry into the accuracy of such bill, statement or estimate.  If the amount of the Insurance Funds shall exceed the amounts due for Insurance Premiums (including, without limitation, in connection with a sale of a Property), Agent shall, in its sole discretion, either (a) return any excess to Borrowers or (b) credit such excess against future payments to be made to the Insurance Funds.  Any Insurance Funds remaining in the Insurance Account after the Obligations have been paid in full shall be returned to Borrowers. 
  Section 6.5        Ground Rent Funds  .  
  
   99 

6.5.1        Deposits of Ground Rent Funds  .  Borrowers shall deposit with Agent, on each Monthly Payment Date commencing with October 10,     2016, an amount equal to one-twelfth of the annual Ground Rent, which amounts shall be transferred into an Account (the    Ground Rent Account   ).  Such deposit may be increased from time to time by Agent in such amount as Agent shall deem to be necessary in its reasonable discretion to reflect any increases in the Ground Rent.  Amounts deposited from time to time into the Ground Rent Account pursuant to this   Section 6.5.1   are referred to herein as the    Ground Rent Funds   .  
  6.5.2        Release of Ground Rent Funds  .  Provided no monetary Default or Event of Default shall exist and remain uncured, Agent shall apply Ground Rent Funds on deposit in the Ground Rent Account to payments of Ground Rent.  Borrowers shall furnish Agent with all bills, invoices and statements for the Ground Rent at least ten (10) days prior to the date on which such Ground Rent first becomes payable.  In making any payment relating to Ground Rent, Agent may do so according to any bill or statement given by or on behalf of the ground lessor without inquiry into the accuracy of such bill or statement or into the validity of any rent, additional rent or other charge thereof.  If the amount of the Ground Rent Funds shall exceed the amounts due for Ground Rent, Agent shall, in its sole discretion, either (a) return any excess to Borrowers or (b) credit such excess against future payments to be made to the Ground Rent Funds.  Any Ground Rent Funds remaining after the Obligations have been paid in full shall be returned to Borrowers.   
  Section 6.6        Rollover Funds  .   
  6.6.1        Deposits of Rollover Funds  .   
  (a)        Borrowers shall deposit with Agent (i) an amount equal to $1,126,041.49 (the    Initial Rollover Deposit   ) on the Closing Date and (ii) on each Monthly Payment Date the sum of $233,520.21, for tenant improvements and leasing commissions that may be incurred following the date hereof, which amounts shall be transferred into an Account (the    Rollover Account   ).  Borrowers shall deposit with Agent an amount equal to $291,559.96 (the    Initial Free Rent Deposit   ) into the Rollover Account on the Closing Date, for the rent concessions set forth on   Schedule IX-B   attached hereto.  Agent may from time to time reassess its estimate of the required monthly amount necessary for tenant improvements and leasing commissions and, upon notice to Borrowers, Borrowers shall be required to deposit with Agent each month such reassessed monthly amount, which shall be transferred into the Rollover Account.  Amounts deposited from time to time into the Rollover Account pursuant to this   Section 6.6.1   are referred to herein as the    Rollover Funds   . 
  (b)        In addition to the required monthly deposits set forth in subsection (a) above, the following items shall be deposited into the Rollover Account and held as Rollover Funds and shall be disbursed and released as set forth in   Section 6.6.2   below, and Borrowers shall advise Agent at the time of receipt thereof of the nature of such receipt so that Agent shall have sufficient time to instruct the Deposit Bank to deposit and hold such amounts in the Rollover Account pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement: 
  (i)        All sums paid with respect to (A) a modification of any Lease or otherwise paid in connection with any Borrower taking any action under any Lease (e.g., granting a consent) or waiving any provision thereof, (B) any settlement of claims of any  
  
   100 

Borrower against third parties in connection with any Lease, (C) any rejection, termination, surrender or cancellation of any Lease (including in any bankruptcy case) or any lease buy-out or surrender payment from any Tenant (including any payment relating to unamortized tenant improvements and/or leasing commissions) (collectively,    Lease Termination Payments   ), and (D) any sum received from any Tenant to obtain a consent to an assignment or sublet or otherwise, or any holdover rents or use and occupancy fees from any Tenant or former Tenant (to the extent not being paid for use and occupancy or holdover rent); and 
  (ii)        Any other extraordinary event pursuant to which Borrowers receive payments or income (in whatever form) derived from or generated by the use, ownership or operation of the Properties not otherwise covered by this Agreement or the Cash Management Agreement. 
  6.6.2        Release of Rollover Funds  .   
  (a)        Provided no monetary Default, material non-monetary Default of which Agent has notified Borrowers or Event of Default shall exist and remain uncured, Agent shall disburse Rollover Funds to Borrowers out of the Rollover Account, within ten (10) days after the delivery by Borrowers to Agent of a request therefor (but not more often than once per month), in increments of at least $10,000 provided that: (i) such disbursement is for an Approved Leasing Expense; (ii) the request for disbursement is accompanied by (A) an Officer s Certificate from Borrowers (1) stating that the items to be funded by the requested disbursement are Approved Leasing Expenses, and a description thereof, (2) stating that any tenant improvements at the applicable Property to be funded by the requested disbursement (or the relevant portion thereof as to which such request for funds relates) have been completed in a good and workmanlike manner and in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, (3) stating that the Approved Leasing Expenses (or the relevant portions thereof) to be funded from the disbursement in question have not been the subject of a previous disbursement, (4) stating that all previous disbursements of Rollover Funds have been used to pay the previously identified Approved Leasing Expenses, and (5) stating that all outstanding Approved Leasing Expenses then due (other than those to be paid from the requested disbursement or those constituting Permitted Indebtedness) have been paid in full, (B) a copy of any material license, permit or other approval by any Governmental Authority required in connection with the tenant improvements and not previously delivered to Agent, (C) copies of appropriate lien waivers, conditional lien waivers or other evidence of payment satisfactory to Agent, (D) at Agent s option, a title search for the applicable Property indicating that the applicable Property is free from all Liens, claims and other encumbrances not previously approved by Agent, (E) if requested by Agent, with respect to the final disbursement from the Rollover Account for tenant improvement costs relating to any Lease requiring tenant improvements in excess of $100,000.00, a current Tenant estoppel certificate in form and substance acceptable to Agent, and (F) such other evidence as Agent shall reasonably request to demonstrate that the Approved Leasing Expenses to be funded by the requested disbursement have been completed and are paid for or will be paid upon such disbursement to Borrowers (or the portion thereof as to which such request for disbursement has been submitted has been completed and is paid for (other than any retention amount which is not a part of such disbursement request) or will be paid upon such disbursement to Borrowers), and (iii) if such disbursement is a disbursement of the Initial Rollover Deposit, such disbursement is for a tenant improvement expense for a Lease set forth on   Schedule IX-A   attached hereto. 
  
   101 

(b)        Provided no Event of Default shall exist, Agent shall transfer a portion of the Initial Free Rent Deposit to the Deposit Account on each Payment Date equal to the amount of the free rent set forth on   Schedule IX-B   attached hereto that pertains to the immediately preceding calendar month. 
  Section 6.7        Capital Expenditure Funds  .  
  6.7.1        Deposits of Capital Expenditure Funds  .  Borrowers shall deposit with Agent, (i) $6,143,171.00 on the Closing Date, and (ii) on each Monthly Payment Date, the amount of $134,525.00, for annual Capital Expenditures, which amounts shall be transferred into an Account (the    Capital Expenditure Account   ).  Amounts deposited from time to time into the Capital Expenditure Account pursuant to this   Section 6.7.1   are referred to herein as the    Capital Expenditure Funds   .  Agent may reassess its estimate of the amount necessary for Capital Expenditures from time to time and may require Borrowers to increase the monthly deposits required pursuant to this   Section 6.7.1   upon thirty (30) days  notice to Borrowers if Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that an increase is necessary to maintain proper operation of the Properties. 
  6.7.2        Release of Capital Expenditure Funds  .  Provided no monetary Default, material non-monetary Default of which Agent has notified Borrowers or Event of Default shall exist and remain uncured, Agent shall disburse Capital Expenditure Funds to Borrowers out of the Capital Expenditure Account, within ten (10) days after the delivery by Borrowers to Agent of a request therefor (but not more often than once per month), in increments of at least $10,000 (or a lesser amount if the total amount in the Capital Expenditure Account is less than $10,000, in which case only one disbursement of the amount remaining in the account shall be made) provided that: (i) such disbursement is for an Approved Capital Expenditure; (ii) the request for disbursement is accompanied by (A) an Officer s Certificate from Borrowers (1) stating that the items to be funded by the requested disbursement are Approved Capital Expenditures, and a description thereof, (2) stating that all Approved Capital Expenditures to be funded by the requested disbursement have been completed (or completed to the extent of the requested disbursement) in a good and workmanlike manner and in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, (3) stating that the Approved Capital Expenditures (or the relevant portions thereof) to be funded from the disbursement in question have not been the subject of a previous disbursement, (4) stating that all previous disbursements of Capital Expenditure Funds have been used to pay the previously identified Approved Capital Expenditures, and (5) stating that all outstanding Capital Expenditures then due (other than those to be paid from the requested disbursement or those constituting Permitted Indebtedness) have been paid in full, (B) a copy of any material license, permit or other approval required by any Governmental Authority in connection with the Approved Capital Expenditures and not previously delivered to Agent, (C) copies of appropriate lien waivers, conditional lien waivers, or other evidence of payment satisfactory to Agent, (D) at Agent s option, a title search for the applicable Property indicating that such Property is free from all Liens, claims and other encumbrances not previously approved by Agent, and (E) such other evidence as Agent shall reasonably request to demonstrate that the Approved Capital Expenditures to be funded by the requested disbursement have been completed and are paid for or will be paid upon such disbursement to Borrowers (or the portion thereof as to which such request for disbursement has been submitted has been completed and is paid for (other than any retention amount which is not a part of such disbursement request) or will be paid upon such disbursement to Borrowers) and (iii) if such disbursement request is for $75,000 or more, Agent shall have (if it desires) verified (by an inspection  
  
   102 

conducted at Borrowers  expense) performance of the work associated with such Approved Capital Expenditure. 
  Section 6.8        Casualty and Condemnation Account  .  Borrowers shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Agent all Insurance Proceeds or Awards due to any Casualty or Condemnation in accordance with the provisions of   Sections 5.2   and   5.3  , which amounts shall be transferred into an Account (the    Casualty and Condemnation Account   ).  Amounts deposited from time to time into the Casualty and Condemnation Account pursuant to this   Section 6.8   are referred to herein as the    Casualty and Condemnation Funds   .  All Casualty and Condemnation Funds shall be held, disbursed and/or applied in accordance with the provisions of   Section 5.4   hereof. 
  Section 6.9        Cash Collateral Funds  .  If a Cash Flow Sweep Period shall be continuing, all Available Cash shall be paid to Agent (for the benefit of Lenders), which amounts shall be transferred by Agent into an Account (the    Cash Collateral Account   ) to be held by Agent as cash collateral for the Debt.  Amounts on deposit from time to time in the Cash Collateral Account pursuant to this   Section 6.9   are referred to as the    Cash Collateral Funds   .  Any Cash Collateral Funds on deposit in the Cash Collateral Account not previously disbursed or applied shall, upon the termination of such Cash Flow Sweep Period, be disbursed to Borrowers.  Funds on deposit in the Cash Collateral Account, at Agent s sole and absolute election and discretion, may be allocated to (A) the Rollover Account to be applied in accordance with the terms and conditions of   Section 6.6   hereof or (B) Capital Expenditure Account to be applied in accordance with the terms and conditions of   Section 6.7   hereof.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, in its sole and absolute discretion to apply any and all Cash Collateral Funds then on deposit in the Cash Collateral Account to the Debt or Obligations, in such order and in such manner as Agent shall elect in its sole and absolute discretion, including to make a prepayment of principal (together with the applicable Spread Maintenance Premium, if any, applicable thereto) or any other amounts due hereunder. 
  Section 6.10        Property Cash Flow Allocation  . 
  6.10.1        Order of Priority of Funds in Deposit Account  .  On     each Monthly Payment Date during the Term, except during the continuance of an Event of Default, all funds deposited into the Deposit Account during the immediately preceding Interest Period shall be applied on such Monthly Payment Date in the following order of priority: 
  (i)        First; to Servicer (or to Agent to be delivered to Servicer), to pay the Servicing Fee and any and all fees, costs and expenses due to Agent in accordance with the Loan Documents (other than amounts due and owing to Lenders and payable in accordance with   clauses (v)   and   (vi)   below); 
  (ii)        Second, the Tax Account, to make the required deposit of Tax Funds as required under   Section 6.3  ; 
  (iii)        Third, to the Insurance Account, to make the required deposit of Insurance Funds as required under   Section 6.4  ; 
  
   103 

(iv)        Fourth, to the Ground Rent Account, to make the required deposit of Ground Rent Funds as required under   Section 6.5  ; 
  (v)        Fifth, to Agent, for itself and for the benefit of Lenders, of any other amounts then due and payable under the Loan Documents (other than the Outstanding Principal Balance, Spread Maintenance Premium and amounts payable pursuant to   clauses (vi)   and   (xi)   below); 
  (vi)        Sixth, to Agent for the benefit of Lenders, funds sufficient to pay the Monthly Debt Service Payment Amount; 
  (vii)        Seventh, to the Rollover Account, to make the required deposit of Rollover Funds as required under   Section 6.6  ; 
  (viii)        Eighth, to the Capital Expenditure Account, to make the required deposit of Capital Expenditure Funds as required under   Section 6.7  ; 
  (ix)        Ninth, to each of Davies Center Borrower, Pan Am Borrower and Waterfront Borrower, funds in an amount equal to the Monthly Operating Expense Budgeted Amount for each Property; 
  (x)        Tenth, to each of Davies Center Borrower, Pan Am Borrower and Waterfront Borrower, payments for Approved Extraordinary Operating Expenses, if any, for each Property;  
  (xi)        Eleventh, to Agent in partial repayment of the Loan, which amount described in this   clause (xi)   shall reduce, pro rata (to the extent each are still owned by the applicable Borrower), the Allocated Loan Amounts of the Davies Center Property and the Waterfront Property in an amount equal to (1) prior to the Stated Maturity Date, 55% of all amounts available for distribution pursuant to this   clause (xi)   (   Available Cash   ) or (2) from and after the Stated Maturity Date, 50% of all Available Cash; and 
  (xii)        Lastly, all remaining Available Cash: after payment of the amounts set forth in   clauses (i)   through   (xi)   above: 
  (A)        during a Cash Flow Sweep Period, to the Cash Collateral Account to be held or disbursed in accordance with   Section 6.9  ; or  
  (B)        provided no Cash Flow Sweep Period is continuing, then the remaining funds to be deposited into the Borrower Operating Account for each of the three Properties, provided that the portion of the remaining funds to be deposited into each of the Borrower Operating Accounts shall be based on the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property in proportion to the amount of the Loan. 
  6.10.2        Failure to Make Payments  .  The failure of Borrowers to make all of the payments required under   clauses (i) through (vii)   of   Section 6.10.1   in full on each Monthly Payment Date shall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement; provided, however, if adequate funds  
  
   104 

are available in the Deposit Account for such payments and no other Event of Default is then continuing (subject only to the applicable cure periods expressly set forth in   Section 8.1   hereof), the failure by Agent and/or the Deposit Bank to allocate such funds into the appropriate Accounts shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
  6.10.3        Application After Event of Default  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this   Article 6  , upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Agent, at its option, may apply any Gross Revenue then in the possession of Agent or Deposit Bank (including any Reserve Funds on deposit in any Cash Management Account) to the payment of the Debt in such order, proportion and priority as Agent may determine in its sole and absolute discretion.  Agent s right to withdraw and apply any of the foregoing funds shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies provided to Agent under the Loan Documents. 
  Section 6.11        Security Interest in Reserve Funds  .    As security for payment of the Debt and the performance by Borrowers of all other terms, conditions and provisions of the Loan Documents, Borrowers hereby pledge and assign to Agent for the benefit of Lenders, and grants to Agent and Lenders a security interest in, all Borrowers  right, title and interest in and to all Gross Revenue and in and to all payments to or monies held in the Clearing Account, the Deposit Account and all Accounts created pursuant to this Agreement, any Loan Document or otherwise maintained by Borrowers  (collectively, the    Cash Management Accounts   ).  Borrowers hereby grants to Agent for the benefit of Lenders a continuing security interest in, and agrees to hold in trust for the benefit of Agent and Lenders, all Rents and other Gross Revenue in its possession prior to the (i) payment of such Gross Revenue to Agent for the benefit of Lenders or (ii) deposit of such Gross Revenue into the Deposit Account.  Borrowers shall not, without obtaining the prior written consent of Agent, further pledge, assign or grant any security interest in any Cash Management Account, or permit any Lien to attach thereto, or any levy to be made thereon, or any UCC Financing Statements, except those naming Agent as the secured party, to be filed with respect thereto.  This Agreement is, among other things, intended by the parties to be a security agreement for purposes of the UCC.  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may apply any sums in any Cash Management Account in any order and in any manner as Agent shall elect in Agent s discretion without seeking the appointment of a receiver and without adversely affecting the rights of Agent to foreclose the Lien of the Mortgage or exercise its other rights under the Loan Documents.  Cash Management Accounts shall not constitute trust funds and may be commingled with other monies held by Agent.  All interest which accrues on the funds in any Account shall accrue for the benefit of Agent and shall be taxable to Borrowers.  Upon repayment in full of the Debt, all remaining funds in the Accounts, if any, shall be promptly disbursed to Borrowers. 
  ARTICLE 7           INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 
  ARTICLE 8           DEFAULTS 
  Section 8.1        Events of Default  .    Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default hereunder (an    Event of Default   ): 
  
   105 

(i)        if (A) any portion of the Debt or the Obligations is not paid when due or (B) Borrowers shall fail to make any deposit into any Account (including, without limitation, the Clearing Account, the Tax Account, the Insurance Account, the Ground Rent Account, the Rollover Account, or the Capital Expenditure Account) as and when required hereunder;   provided   that if adequate funds are available in the Deposit Account for any such payment of interest or Reserve Funds and no other Event of Default is then continuing, the failure by Agent and/or the Deposit Bank to allocate such funds into the appropriate accounts shall not constitute an Event of Default; 
  (ii)        if any other amount payable pursuant to this Agreement, the Notes or any other Loan Document (other than as set forth in the foregoing   clause (i)  ) is not paid in full when due and payable in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Loan Document, with such failure continuing beyond the stated cure period for such payment, or, if no cure period, for five (5) Business Days after Agent delivers written notice thereof to Borrowers; 
  (iii)        if any of the Taxes or Other Charges are not paid when due (provided that it shall not be an Event of Default if there are sufficient funds in the Tax Account to pay such amounts when due, all conditions precedent to the disbursement of such Tax Funds are satisfied, Borrowers request in writing that Agent cause such payment to be made at least ten (10) days prior to such amount becoming due, and Agent fails to direct such payment to be made in violation of this Agreement); 
  (iv)        if the Policies are not (A) delivered to Agent within five (5) Business Days of Agent s written request and (B) kept in full force and effect, each in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof; 
  (v)        a Transfer other than a Permitted Transfer occurs; 
  (vi)        if any certification, representation or warranty made by any Borrower or Guarantor herein or in any other Loan Document, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other instrument, agreement or document furnished to Agent shall have been false or misleading in any material respect as of the date such representation or warranty was made; 
  (vii)        if any Borrower Party shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors; 
  (viii)        if a receiver, liquidator or trustee shall be appointed for any Borrower Party or any Borrower Party shall be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or if any petition for bankruptcy, reorganization or arrangement pursuant to federal bankruptcy law, or any similar federal or state law, shall be filed by or against, consented to, or acquiesced in by, any Borrower Party, or if any proceeding for the dissolution or liquidation of any Borrower Party shall be instituted, or if any Borrower Party is substantively consolidated with any other Person; provided, however, if such appointment, adjudication, petition, proceeding or consolidation was involuntary and not consented to, acquiesced in by or solicited by any Borrower Party, such Event of  
  
   106 

Default shall be deemed cured and no longer continuing if the same is discharged, stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days following its filing; 
  (ix)        if any Borrower attempts to assign its rights under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any interest herein or therein in contravention of the Loan Documents; 
  (x)        if any of the assumptions contained in the Insolvency Opinion, or in any other non-consolidation opinion delivered to Agent in connection with the Loan, or in any other non-consolidation opinion delivered subsequent to the closing of the Loan, is or shall become untrue in any material respect that is not cured within five (5) days of Borrowers  receipt of written notice of the same from Agent; 
  (xi)        a breach of the covenants set forth in   Sections 4.11   (but only with respect to a breach caused by the entering into, modification, amendment, or termination of any Lease in violation of such   Section 4.11  ),   4.21  ,   4.23  ,   4.25  ,   4.26  ,   4.31  ,   4.32  ,   4.33  ,   4.35  ,   4.36(a)   or   (b)  ,   4.37(a)   or   (c)  , or   4.38(b)   hereof; 
  (xii)        if any Borrower shall be in default beyond any applicable notice and cure period under any mortgage or security agreement covering any part of any Property whether it be superior,   pari passu   or junior in Lien to the Mortgage; 
  (xiii)        subject to Borrowers  right to contest set forth in, and in accordance with,   Section 4.3   of this Agreement, if any Property becomes subject to any mechanic s, materialman s or other Lien except a Permitted Encumbrance; 
  (xiv)        the alteration, improvement, demolition or removal of any of the Improvements without the prior consent of Agent, other than in accordance with this Agreement and the Leases at any Property entered into in accordance with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 
  (xv)        a breach of the covenants set forth in   Sections 4.3  ,   4.4  ,   4.7  ,   4.9  ,   4.10  ,   4.11   (other than breaches covered by   clause (xi)   of this   Section 8.1  ),   4.12.1(b)  ,   4.34  ,   4.36   (other than breaches covered by   clause (xi)   of this   Section 8.1  ), or   4.38   (other than breaches covered by   clause (xi)   of this   Section 8.1  ) that is not cured within ten (10) days of Borrowers  receipt of written notice of the same from Agent; 
  (xvi)        if there shall be a material default by any Borrower under the Management Agreement beyond any applicable notice or grace period; 
  (xvii)        a breach of any representation, warranty or covenant contained   Section 3.1.18   hereof with such breach continuing for ten (10) days after Agent delivers written notice thereof to Borrowers; 
  (xviii)        if there shall be a default under any of the other Loan Documents beyond any applicable cure periods contained in such Loan Documents (including if Guarantor breaches any of the financial covenants set forth in any Loan  
  
   107 

Document executed by Guarantor), whether as to Borrowers, Guarantor or any Property;  
  (xix)        if any Borrower fails to obtain or maintain an Interest Rate Cap Agreement or replacement thereof in accordance with   Section 2.6   and/or   Section 2.7   hereof; 
  (xx)        if any Borrower shall act in any way or suffer or permit any Property or any part thereof to be used in a manner that would (i) impair any Borrower s title to such Property, (ii) create rights of adverse use or possession, or (iii) impair the priority, perfection, enforceability or existence of any Liens created by the Loan Documents, and such act or conduct is not remedied to Agent s satisfaction within fifteen (15) days after notice thereof from Agent; 
  (xxi)        if Guarantor ceases to be actively involved in any Property; provided, however, that if Guarantor is a natural person and such cessation is due to the death of Guarantor, Borrowers shall have failed to replace the Guarantor with an individual reasonably acceptable to Agent within forty-five (45) days following such death; 
  (xxii)        if (A) any Borrower shall fail in the payment of any rent, additional rent or other charge mentioned in or made payable by the Ground Lease as and when such rent or other charge is payable and such failure is not cured within any applicable cure period (unless waived by the landlord under the Ground Lease), (B) there shall occur any default by any Borrower, as tenant under the Ground Lease, in the observance or performance of any term, covenant or condition of the Ground Lease on the part of such Borrower to be observed or performed and such default is not cured within any applicable cure period (unless waived by the landlord under the Ground Lease), (C) if any one or more of the events referred to in the Ground Lease shall occur which would cause the Ground Lease to terminate without notice or action by the landlord under the Ground Lease or which would entitle the landlord to terminate the Ground Lease and the term thereof by giving notice to such Borrower, as tenant thereunder (unless waived by the landlord under the Ground Lease), (D) if the leasehold estate created by the Ground Lease shall be surrendered or the Ground Lease shall be terminated or canceled for any reason or under any circumstances whatsoever, or (E) if any of the terms, covenants or conditions of the Ground Lease shall in any manner be modified, changed, supplemented, altered or amended without the consent of Agent except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement; 
  (xxiii)        the occurrence of a material default by Pan Am Borrower under the Pan Am PSA beyond all applicable cure periods, and such breach is not cured within five (5) Business Days of Borrowers  receipt of notice thereof from Agent or Pan Am Purchaser; and 
  (xxiv)        if any Borrower shall continue to be in Default under any of the other terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document not specified in   subsections (i)   to   (xxiv)   above, and such Default shall continue for  
  
   108 

ten (10) days after notice to Borrowers from Agent, in the case of any such Default which can be cured by the payment of a sum of money, or for thirty (30) days after notice to Borrowers from Agent in the case of any other such Default; provided, however, that if such non-monetary Default is susceptible of cure but cannot reasonably be cured within such 30-day period, and provided further that Borrowers shall have commenced to cure such Default within such 30-day period shall and thereafter diligently and expeditiously proceed to cure the same, such 30-day period shall be extended for such time as is reasonably necessary for Borrowers in the exercise of due diligence to cure such Default, such additional period not to exceed sixty (60) days. 
  Section 8.2        Remedies  . 
  8.2.1        Acceleration  .    During the continuance of an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default described in   clauses (vii)  ,   (viii)   or   (ix)   of   Section 8.1   above) and at any time thereafter, Agent may, in addition to any other rights or remedies available to Agent and Lenders pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or at law or in equity, take such action, without notice or demand (and Borrowers hereby expressly waive any such notice or demand), that Agent deems advisable to protect and enforce its and Lenders  rights against Borrowers and in and to the Properties and the Collateral, including declaring the Obligations to be immediately due and payable, and Agent may enforce or avail itself of any or all rights or remedies provided in the Loan Documents against Borrowers, the Properties and the Collateral, including all rights or remedies available at law or in equity; and upon any Event of Default described in   clauses (vii), (viii) or (ix)   of   Section 8.1   above, the Obligations of Borrowers hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall immediately and automatically become due and payable in full, without notice or demand, and Borrowers hereby expressly waive any such notice or demand, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding. 
  8.2.2        Remedies Cumulative  .    During the continuance of an Event of Default, all or any one or more of the rights, powers, privileges and other remedies available to Agent and Lenders against Borrowers under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents executed and delivered by, or applicable to, Borrowers or at law or in equity may be exercised by Agent and Lenders at any time and from time to time, whether or not all or any of the Obligations shall be declared due and payable, and whether or not Agent shall have commenced any foreclosure proceeding or other action for the enforcement of its rights and remedies under any of the Loan Documents with respect to the Properties and/or the Collateral.  The rights, powers and remedies of Agent and Lenders under this Agreement shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any other right, power or remedy which Agent and/or any Lender may have against Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or existing at law or in equity or otherwise.  Agent s and Lenders  rights, powers and remedies may be pursued independently, singly, successively, together or otherwise, at such time and in such order as Agent or any Lender may determine in its sole discretion, to the fullest extent permitted by law, without impairing or otherwise affecting the other rights and remedies of Agent and Lenders permitted by law or contract or as set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents or by equity.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if an Event of Default is continuing (i) neither Agent nor any Lender shall be subject to any  one action  or  election of remedies  law or rule, and (ii) all Liens and other rights, remedies or privileges provided to Agent and Lenders shall remain in full force and effect until Agent on behalf of Lenders have exhausted all of its remedies against the Properties and the Collateral and the Mortgage and the Pledge Agreement has  
  
   109 

been foreclosed, sold and/or otherwise realized upon in satisfaction of the Obligations or the Obligations have been paid in full.  No delay or omission to exercise any remedy, right or power accruing upon an Event of Default shall impair any such remedy, right or power or shall be construed as a waiver thereof, but any such remedy, right or power may be exercised from time to time and as often as may be deemed expedient.  A waiver of one Default or Event of Default with respect to Borrowers shall not be construed to be a waiver of any subsequent Default or Event of Default by Borrowers or to impair any remedy, right or power consequent thereon. 
  8.2.3        Severance  .   
  (a)        During the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent shall have the right from time to time to partially foreclose the Mortgage and/or the Pledge Agreement in any manner and for any amounts secured by the Mortgage then due and payable as determined by Agent in its sole discretion, including the following circumstances:  (i) in the event Borrowers default beyond any applicable grace period in the payment of one or more scheduled payments of principal and interest, Agent may foreclose the Mortgage and/or the Pledge Agreement to recover such delinquent payments, or (ii) in the event Agent elects to accelerate less than the entire Outstanding Principal Balance, Agent may foreclose the Mortgage and/or the Pledge Agreement to recover so much of the principal balance of the Loan as Agent may accelerate and such other sums secured by the Mortgage and/or the Pledge Agreement as Agent may elect.  Notwithstanding one or more partial foreclosures, the Properties and the Collateral shall remain subject to the Mortgage and the Pledge Agreement to secure payment of the sums secured by the Mortgage and/or the Pledge Agreement and not previously recovered.  With respect to Borrowers, the Properties and the Collateral, nothing contained herein or in any other Loan Document shall be construed as requiring Agent or any Lender to resort to the Properties or the Collateral for the satisfaction of any of the Debt in any preference or priority, and Agent and/or any Lender may seek satisfaction out of the Properties and/or the Collateral, or any part thereof, in its absolute discretion in respect of the Debt. 
  (b)        During the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent shall have the right from time to time to sever any Note and the other Loan Documents into one or more separate notes, mortgages and other security documents in such denominations as Agent shall determine in its sole discretion for purposes of evidencing and enforcing its rights and remedies provided hereunder.  Borrowers shall execute and deliver to Agent from time to time, promptly after the request of Agent, a severance agreement and such other documents as Agent shall request in order to effect the severance described in the preceding sentence, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent.  Borrowers hereby absolutely and irrevocably appoint Agent as its true and lawful attorney, coupled with an interest, in its name and stead to make and execute all documents necessary or desirable to effect the aforesaid severance, Borrowers ratifying all that its said attorney shall do by virtue thereof; provided, however, Agent shall not make or execute any such documents under such power until three (3) days after notice has been given to Borrowers by Agent of Agent s intent to exercise its rights under such power. 
  (c)        Any amounts recovered from the Properties or any other collateral for the Loan after an Event of Default may be applied by Agent toward the payment of any interest and/or principal of the Loan and/or any other amounts due under the Loan Documents, in such order, priority and proportions as Agent in its sole discretion shall determine. 
  
   110 

8.2.4        Additional Remedies  .  In addition to all remedies conferred it by law and by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, upon the occurrence and during the existence of an Event of Default, Agent (for the benefit of Lenders) may pursue any one or more of the following remedies concurrently or successively, on its own or through a court appointed receiver, it being the intent hereof that none of such remedies shall be to the exclusion of any other, and with full rights to reimbursement from Borrowers and any Guarantor: 
  (a)        take possession of the Properties and complete any work (including any Lease Alterations) at the Properties, including the right to avail itself of and procure performance of existing contracts or let contracts or contractors or others and to employ watchmen to protect the Properties from injury.  Without restricting the generality of the foregoing and for the purposes aforesaid to be exercised during the existence and continuance of an Event of Default, Borrowers hereby appoint and constitute Agent (for the benefit of Lender) its lawful attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution to complete any work (including any Lease Alterations) at the Properties in the name of Borrowers; 
  (b)        except as set forth herein, use Reserve Funds to complete any work or other improvements (including any Lease Alterations) at the Properties; 
  (c)        enter into change orders which shall be necessary or desirable to complete any work (including any Lease Alterations) at the Properties; 
  (d)        retain or employ new general contractors, subcontractors, architects, engineers and inspectors as shall be required for said purposes; to pay, settle or compromise all existing bills and claims which may be liens or security interests, or to avoid such bills and claims becoming liens against the Properties, or as may be necessary or desirable for the completion of any construction work at the Properties or for the clearance of title to the Properties; 
  (e)        execute all applications and certificates in the name of Borrowers which may be required by any of contracts or other agreements; 
  (f)        prosecute and defend all actions or proceedings in connection with any work (including any Lease Alterations) at the Properties; and  
  (g)        take any action and require such performance as it deems necessary to be furnished hereunder and to make settlements and compromises with the surety or sureties thereunder, and in connection therewith, to execute instruments of release and satisfaction. 
  8.2.5        Tenancy in Common  .    During the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent shall have the right to require Pan Am Borrowers and/or Waterfront Borrowers to transfer the applicable Property to a newly formed Special Purpose Bankruptcy Remote Entity such that such Property shall no longer be subject to a tenancy in common structure (provided that the beneficial ownership of such Property shall remain the same in connection therewith). 
  8.2.6        Agent s Right to Perform  .    If Borrowers fail to perform any covenant or obligation contained herein and such failure shall continue for a period of five (5) Business Days after Borrowers  receipt of written notice thereof from Agent, without in any way limiting Agent s right to exercise any of its rights, powers or remedies as provided hereunder, or under any of the other  
  
   111 

Loan Documents, Agent may, but shall have no obligation to, perform, or cause the performance of, such covenant or obligation, and all costs, expenses, liabilities, penalties and fines of Agent or any Lender incurred or paid in connection therewith shall be payable by Borrowers to Agent or such Lender upon demand and if not paid shall be added to the Obligations (and to the extent permitted under applicable laws, secured by the Mortgage and the other Loan Documents) and shall bear interest thereafter at the Default Rate.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to send notice to Borrowers of any such failure. 
  ARTICLE 9           SPECIAL PROVISIONS 
  Section 9.1        Sale of Loan  . 
  (a)        Each Lender shall have the right (a) to sell or otherwise transfer its Note or any portion thereof, or (b) to issue or sell one or more participation interests in its Note (collectively,    Secondary Market Transactions   ) without the consent of Borrowers or any other Person. 
  (b)        If requested by Agent or any Lender, Borrowers shall assist Agent or such Lender, in satisfying the market standards to which Agent customarily adheres or which may be required in the marketplace in connection with any Secondary Market Transactions, including to: 
  (i)        (A) provide updated financial and other information with respect to the Properties, the business operated at the Properties or the  Borrowers, (B) provide updated budgets relating to the Properties, and (C) provide updated appraisals, market studies, environmental reviews and reports (Phase I s and, if appropriate, Phase II s), property condition reports and other due diligence investigations of the Properties (the    Updated Information   ), together, if customary, with appropriate verification of the Updated Information through letters of auditors or opinions of counsel acceptable to Agent; 
  (ii)        provide opinions of counsel, which may be relied upon by Agent, each Lender, and their respective successors, assigns and participants, and their respective counsel, agents and representatives, customary in Secondary Market Transactions with respect to the Properties and Borrowers and their Affiliates, which counsel and opinions shall be reasonably satisfactory to Agent, which counsel and opinions shall be satisfactory to Agent and each Lender;  
  (iii)        provide updated, as of the closing date of any Secondary Market Transaction, representations and warranties made in the Loan Documents to the extent applicable; and 
  (iv)        execute non-material amendments to the Loan Documents and Borrowers  organizational documents and such other documents requested by Agent, including without limitation, those documents required pursuant to   Section 9.3   below; provided, however, that Borrowers shall not be required to modify or amend any Loan Document if such modification or amendment would (i) change the interest rate, the stated maturity or the amortization of principal as set forth herein or in the  
  
   112 

Note, (ii) alter the rights or increase the obligations of Borrowers or Guarantor under the Loan Documents, or (iii) subject to   Section 9.3  , modify or amend any other economic or other material term of the Loan; and 
  (v)        at Agent s request, make such representatives of Borrowers requested by Agent available to meet with any to investors or prospective investors in any potential Secondary Market Transaction at Borrowers  offices. 
  (c)        Agent and each Lender may disclose to an assignee (or proposed assignee), participant (or proposed participant), underwriter, investor (or proposed investor), lender (or proposed lender), regulator or other Governmental Authority and their representatives (including, without limitation, any commission or agency established pursuant to a legislative act of the United States Congress, the New York State Assembly and/or the applicable legislative body of the state in which the Properties is located), accountants, and/or attorneys, representatives or agents of any of the foregoing, any information relating to the Loan and any Person that is a party to a Loan Document;   provided,   however, that, prior to any such disclosure of non-public or confidential information, any such Person shall be advised of the confidentiality of any non-public or confidential information received by it. 
  Section 9.2        Register  . 
  (a)        Loan Registry  .  Borrowers hereby designate Agent to serve as Borrowers  agent, solely for purposes of this   Section 9.2  , to maintain at one of its offices a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the principal amount of the Loans (or portions thereof) owing to and/or Advances to be funded by, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time and each repayment with respect to the principal amount of the Loan of each Lender (the    Register   ).  Failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation shall not affect Borrowers , Agent s or any Lender s obligations in respect of the Loan.  Without limiting the terms and provisions of Section 9.1 hereof, no assignment, sale, negotiation, pledge, hypothecation or other transfer of any part of any Lender s interest in and to the Loan shall be effective until such Lender shall have provided Agent with written notice of such transfer and Agent shall have registered such assignee s name and address in the Register. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Borrowers, Agent and each Lender may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.  The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrowers and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Each Lender hereby agrees to indemnify Agent and to hold Agent harmless from any actions, suits, claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, obligations and actual costs and expenses which such Lender sustains or incurs as a consequence of Agent maintaining the Registry, except to the extent such loss or expense is caused by Agent s fraud or willful misconduct. 
  (b)        Participation Registry  .  Each Lender that sells a participation interest in the Loan shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the    Participant Register    provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any  
  
   113 

portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a participant's interest in the Loan or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.  The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.  For the avoidance of doubt, Agent shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
  (c)        This   Section 9.2  , the Register and the Participant Register are intended to be construed so that the Note is at all times maintained in  registered form  within the meaning of Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations (or any other successor provision of such regulations). 
  Section 9.3        Severance  .  Agent, without in any way limiting Agent s and Lenders  other rights hereunder, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall have the right, at any time (whether prior to or after any Secondary Market Transaction), to require Borrowers to execute and deliver  component  notes and/or one or more substitute notes evidencing the portion of the Loan held by a particular Lender (and the term  Note  as used in this Agreement and in all the other Loan Documents shall include all such component notes and/or substitute notes but shall exclude any Note replaced by the same), and/or modify the Loan in order to create one or more senior and subordinate notes (e.g., an A/B or A/B/C structure) or pari passu notes and/or one or more additional components of the Notes (including the implementation of a mezzanine loan structure secured by a pledge of direct and indirect ownership interests, which may require the creation of additional Borrower entities), reduce the number of components of the Notes, revise the interest rate for each component, reallocate the principal balances of the Notes and/or the components, eliminate the component structure and/or the multiple note structure of the Loan (including the elimination of the related allocations of principal and interest payments) or divide the Loan into one or more pari passu or mezzanine and mortgage component(s), provided that, in each case, the Outstanding Principal Balance and the aggregate monthly payments required of all components immediately after the effective date of such modification equals the Outstanding Principal Balance and the aggregate monthly payments required immediately prior to such modification, the weighted average of the interest rates for all components immediately after the effective date of such modification equals the interest rate of the original Note immediately prior to such modification.  At Agent s election, each note comprising the Loan may be subject separately to one or more Secondary Market Transactions.  Agent shall have the right to modify the Note and/or Notes and any components in accordance with this   Section 9.3   and, provided that such modification shall comply with the terms of this   Section 9.3  , such modification shall become immediately effective.  If requested by Agent, Borrowers shall promptly execute an amendment to the Loan Documents to evidence any such modification.  Borrowers shall (1) cooperate with all reasonable requests of Agent in order to establish the  component  notes, and (2) execute and deliver such documents as shall be reasonably required by Agent in connection therewith, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, including, without limitation, the severance of security documents if requested, provided, however, that Borrowers shall not be required to modify or amend any Loan Document if such modification or amendment would (i) change the weighted interest rate effective immediately prior to such modification, the stated maturity date or the amortization of principal as set forth herein or  
  
   114 

in the Notes (provided that such weighted average interest rate may change after the occurrence of an Event of Default and/or the application of Net Proceeds pursuant hereto), (ii) alter the rights or increase the obligations of Borrowers or Guarantor under the Loan Documents , or (iii) subject to this   Section 9.3  , modify or amend any other economic or other material term of the Loan in a manner that is detrimental to Borrowers.  In the event Borrowers fail to execute and deliver such documents to Agent within ten (10) Business Days following such request by Agent, Borrowers hereby absolutely and irrevocably appoint Agent as its true and lawful attorney, coupled with an interest, in its name and stead to make and execute all documents necessary or desirable to effect such transactions, Borrowers hereby ratifying all that such attorney shall do by virtue thereof.  
  Section 9.4        Expenses  .  In connection with any Secondary Market Transaction, severance or other transaction permitted pursuant to this   Article 9  , the Borrower Parties shall pay their own expenses (including legal fees) incurred in connection therewith (including with respect to executing any documentation, or providing any Updated Information or other documentation, in accordance therewith, and otherwise cooperating with Agent and complying with the provisions thereof), and Agent and each Lender shall pay their own expenses (including legal fees) incurred in connection therewith. 
  ARTICLE 10           MISCELLANEOUS 
  Section 10.1        Recourse  .     
  10.1.1        Recourse to Borrowers  .  Subject to the qualifications below, Agent shall not enforce the liability and obligation of Borrowers to perform and observe the Obligations contained in the Note, this Agreement, the Mortgage or the other Loan Documents by any action or proceeding wherein a money judgment shall be sought against Borrowers, except that Agent may bring a foreclosure action, an action for specific performance or any other appropriate action or proceeding to enable Agent to enforce and realize upon its interest under the Note, this Agreement, the Mortgage and the other Loan Documents, or in any Property, the Gross Revenues or any other collateral given to Agent (for the benefit of Lenders) pursuant to the Loan Documents; provided, however, that, except as specifically provided herein, any judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be enforceable against Borrowers only to the extent of Borrowers  interest in the Properties, in the Gross Revenues and in any other collateral given to Lender, and Lender, by accepting the Note, this Agreement, the Mortgage and the other Loan Documents, shall not sue for, seek or demand any deficiency judgment against any Borrower in any such action or proceeding under or by reason of or under or in connection with the Note, this Agreement, the Mortgage or the other Loan Documents.  The provisions of this   Section 10.1.1   shall not, however, (a) constitute a waiver, release or impairment of any obligation evidenced or secured by any of the Loan Documents; (b) impair the right of Agent to name any Borrower as a party defendant in any action or suit for foreclosure and sale under any Mortgage; (c) affect the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or any guaranty made in connection with the Loan or any of the rights and remedies of Agent or Lender thereunder; (d) impair the right of Agent or Lender to obtain the appointment of a receiver; (e) impair the enforcement of the Assignment of Leases; (f) impair the enforcement of the Environmental Indemnity; (g) constitute a prohibition against Agent or Lender to seek a deficiency judgment against any Borrower in order to fully realize the security granted by any Mortgage or to commence any  
  
   115 

other appropriate action or proceeding in order for Agent or Lender to exercise its remedies against any Property; or (h) constitute a waiver of the right of Agent or Lender to enforce the liability and obligation of any Borrower, by money judgment or otherwise, to the extent of any Section 10.1 Obligations (as defined herein). 
  10.1.2        Intentionally Omitted  .   
  10.1.3        Section 10.1 Obligations  .  As used herein, the term    Section 10.1 Obligations    means (i) Borrowers  Section 10.1 Liabilities (as defined below) and (ii) the full repayment of all of the Obligations in the event that any Springing Recourse Event (as defined below) occurs.  
  10.1.4        Section 10.1 Liabilities  .  As used herein, the term    Section 10.1 Liabilities    means any actual loss, damage, cost, expense, liability, claim or other obligation incurred by Agent or any Lender (including reasonable attorneys  fees and costs incurred and any costs of enforcement or collection) arising out of, related to or in connection with the following: 
  (i)        fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct, intentional misrepresentation or intentional failure to disclose a material fact by or on behalf of any Borrower Related Party in connection with the Loan, including by reason of any claim under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO); 
  (ii)        the breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or indemnification provision in the Environmental Indemnity or in any other Loan Document concerning environmental laws, hazardous substances and/or asbestos and any indemnification of Agent and Lenders with respect thereto in any such document; 
  (iii)        the physical waste, wrongful removal or destruction of any material portion of any Property or Improvements in violation of the Loan Documents, or damage to any Property or Improvements caused by willful misconduct or gross negligence of any Borrower Related Party; 
  (iv)        if (A) any TIC Agreement shall be cancelled or terminated, (B) any Borrower amends or modifies any TIC Agreement without the prior written consent of Agent or (C) any defaults occur under the applicable TIC Agreement, in each case other than in connection with a Permitted Transfer under   Section 4.2(d)(viii)   or   (ix)  ; 
  (v)        the forfeiture by any Borrower of any Property owned by such Borrower, or any portion thereof, because of the conduct of criminal activity by any Borrower Related Party; 
  (vi)        failure of Borrowers to (A) obtain and maintain the Policies required to be obtained and maintained in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents with respect to any Property, and/or (B) pay when due any and all Insurance Premiums required to be paid in connection therewith; until such time Borrowers are no longer the owner of all or any portion of the Properties (unless (A) funds to maintain the Policies or pay the Insurance Premiums were, at the time in question, available in an applicable reserve account(s) and Agent failed to pay (or make such funds available  
  
   116 

to pay) such amounts in violation of this Agreement, or (B) the Gross Revenue of Borrowers during the period in question was insufficient to make the required deposits to the Tax Account and the Insurance Account); 
  (vii)        failure by Borrowers to pay when due any and all Taxes and Other Charges with respect to any Property required to be paid in connection with or relating to (1) the Loan or the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, (2) Borrowers  ownership of the Properties, and/or (3) the execution, delivery, recordation, filing, registration, perfection or enforcement of any of the Loan Documents, including without limitation the Mortgage (unless (A) funds to pay such Taxes and Other Charges were, at the time in question, available in an applicable reserve account(s) and Agent failed to pay (or make such funds available to pay) such amounts in violation of this Agreement, or (B) the Gross Revenue of Borrowers during the period in question was insufficient to make the required deposits to the Tax Account and the Insurance Account); 
  (viii)        the failure by any Borrower Related Party to apply in accordance with the express terms of the Loan Documents: (A) any Net Proceeds paid by reason of any loss, damage or destruction to any Property, (B) any Awards received in connection with a Condemnation of all or a portion of any Property, (C) any Rents or Gross Revenue of any nature (including any Lease Termination Payments), which shall include the failure of any Borrower Related Party to deposit such amounts in the Deposit Account in accordance with this Agreement or breach of the Clearing Account Agreement or Cash Management Agreement, or (D) any other funds due under the Loan Documents; 
  (ix)        any breach of the covenants contained in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents relating to the requirement that each Borrower and each Sole Member be a Special Purpose Bankruptcy Remote Entity; 
  (x)        failure to pay charges for labor or materials or other charges that can create Liens on any portion of any Property, unless such charges are being contested in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents (unless the Gross Revenue available to Borrowers during the period in question is insufficient to pay such amounts; 
  (xi)        any security deposits, advance deposits or any other deposits collected with respect to any Property which are not delivered to Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents;  
  (xii)        (A) any obligation of Borrowers to indemnify any Person that, immediately prior to any acquisition of title to the Collateral pursuant to a UCC foreclosure sale, a UCC strict foreclosure, an assignment in lieu of foreclosure or other enforcement action under the Loan Documents (collectively, an    Equity Collateral Enforcement Action    and the date on which an equity Collateral Enforcement Action is consummated, an    Equity Collateral Transfer Date   ), was a Borrower Related Party, to the extent such obligation continues to be the obligation of the applicable  
  
   117 

entity acquired in connection with such Equity Collateral Enforcement Action and is not expressly waived in writing by the Borrower Related Party covered by such indemnification obligation and (B) any obligation of Borrowers accruing prior to the Equity Collateral Transfer Date to pay amounts due under any contract between any Borrower, on the one hand, and any Borrower Related Party, on the other hand (unless such contract is cancelled by the Borrower Related Party or is assumed in writing by the Person acquiring the Collateral on or after the Equity Collateral Transfer Date);  
  (xiii)        any Lease is entered into without Agent s consent when Agent s consent is required; 
  (xiv)        any Borrower Party fails to comply with the provisions of   Section 8.2.5  ; and/or 
  (xv)        any cost or expense incurred by Agent or any Lender in connection with the exercise or enforcement of their respective rights and remedies with respect to the Section 10.1 Liabilities. 
  10.1.5        Springing Recourse Event  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, (A) neither Agent nor any Lender shall be deemed to have waived any right which Agent or any Lender may have under Section 506(a), 506(b), 1111(b) or any other provisions of the Bankruptcy Code to file a claim for the full amount of the Obligations or to require that all collateral shall continue to secure all of the Obligations owing to Agent and Lenders in accordance with the Loan Documents, and (B) the Obligations shall be fully recourse to Borrowers and Guarantor in the event of (each, a    Springing Recourse Event   ):    
  (a)        any Borrower Party files a voluntary petition under the Bankruptcy Code or any other Federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency law;  
  (b)        any Borrower Related Party solicits or causes to be solicited petitioning creditors for the filing by any Person(s) of any involuntary petition against any Borrower Party under the Bankruptcy Code or any other Federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency law; 
  (c)        an involuntary petition is filed against any Borrower Party under the Bankruptcy Code or any other Federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency law by any Person in which any Borrower Related Party colludes with such Person; 
  (d)        any Borrower Related Party files an answer consenting to, or otherwise supporting or joining in, any involuntary petition filed against any Borrower Party by any other Person under the Bankruptcy Code or any other Federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency law; 
  (e)        any Borrower Related Party consents to, or supports, or joins in, an application for the appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee or examiner for any Borrower Party or any portion of any Property or the Collateral or colludes with or otherwise assists any Person in filing such an application; 
  (f)        any Borrower Party makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or admitting in any legal proceeding, its insolvency or inability to pay its debts as they become due  
  
   118 

(provided, that if such Borrower Party is required by applicable law to admit the same in a legal proceeding and such Borrower Party is in fact insolvent, then such admission, in and of itself, shall not be a Springing Recourse Event); 
  (g)        Borrowers fail to obtain Agent s prior written consent to any Indebtedness or Lien encumbering any Property or the Collateral or any indirect interest (of any form of ownership) in any Property, the Collateral or Borrowers (other than (i) Permitted Indebtedness and (ii) indirect pledges of interest in the Collateral or Borrowers which, if exercised, would result in a Permitted Transfer) if such Lien was filed by, or such filing was affirmatively approved by, a Borrower Party; 
  (h)        other than a Permitted Transfer, the occurrence, without the prior written consent of Agent, of (A) any Transfer of all or any portion of any Property (or any interest therein) provided that any Lease entered into without Agent s consent when Agent s consent is required shall only be a Springing Recourse Event if such Leases is for all or substantially all of any Property, (B) any Transfer of all or any portion of the Collateral (or any interest therein), (C) any Transfer of any direct or indirect interest in Borrowers, (D) any change in Control of Borrowers; and/or (E) without limitation of the foregoing clauses (A), (B), (C) or (D), a voluntary Sale or Pledge of any Property (or any interest therein), the Collateral (or any interest therein) or any direct or indirect interest in any Borrowers in order to obtain additional financing for any Borrower Party; 
  (i)        Borrowers surrender, terminate or materially modify the Ground Lease without Agent s prior written consent to the same (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that a termination or cancellation of the Ground Lease by the ground lessor in connection with a default thereunder by Borrowers caused by insufficient Gross Revenues being available to Borrowers to make the required payments thereunder shall not constitute a Springing Recourse Event);  
  (j)        the breach of any covenant contained herein relating to the requirement that Borrowers shall each be a Special Purpose Bankruptcy Remote Entity that is cited as a factor in a substantive consolidation of any Borrower with any other Person;  
  (k)        any Borrower Party or other Person with judicial standing brings or consents to any action or proceeding for the partition of any Property or any portion thereof or interest therein;  
  (l)        with respect to the enforcement of the Obligations against the Property, the Collateral and/or other property securing the Obligations, any Borrower Related Party (i) interferes with or hinders the prosecution of such enforcement action or such exercise of rights or remedies by Agent or Lender under any Loan Document, (ii) seeks a defense, judicial intervention or injunctive or other equitable relief of any kind against Agent or any Lender in connection with the enforcement of the Obligations against the Property, the Collateral and/or other property securing the Obligations, or (iii) asserts in a pleading filed in connection with a judicial proceeding any defense against Agent or any Lender or any right in connection with the enforcement of the Obligations against the Property, the Collateral and/or other property securing the Obligations; or  
  (m)        While Waterfront Borrowers have possession and the right to control the Waterfront Property, (i) Waterfront Borrowers fail to comply with   Section 4.40   hereof (whether by failure to obtain an environmental assessment, failure to effectuate the Remediation described therein or otherwise), or (ii) any Borrower Related Party interferes with or hinders Agent s  
  
   119 

performance of Waterfront Borrowers  obligations under   Section 4.40   hereof; provided that such failure by Waterfront Borrowers to comply with   Section 4.40   hereof and/or such interference or hindrance by a Borrower Related Party with Agent s performance of Waterfront Borrowers  obligations under   Section 4.40   hereof shall have continued for a period of ten (10) Business Days after written notice by Agent to Waterfront Borrowers and to Guarantor. 
  Section 10.2        Survival; Successors and Assigns  .    This Agreement and all covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made herein and in the certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the making by Lenders of the Loan and the execution and delivery to Lenders of the Note, and shall continue in full force and effect so long as all or any of the Obligations are outstanding and unpaid unless a longer period is expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents.  Whenever in this Agreement any of the parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the legal representatives, successors and assigns of such party.  All covenants, promises and agreements in this Agreement, by or on behalf of Borrowers, shall inure to the benefit of the legal representatives, successors and assigns of Agent and Lenders. 
  Section 10.3        Agent s and Lenders' Discretion  .  Whenever pursuant to this Agreement, Agent or any Lender exercises any right given to it to approve or disapprove, or any arrangement or term is to be satisfactory to Agent or such Lender, the decision of Agent or such Lender to approve or disapprove or to decide whether arrangements or terms are satisfactory or not satisfactory shall (except as is otherwise expressly otherwise herein provided) be in the sole and absolute discretion of Agent or such Lender and shall be final and conclusive.  All consents or approvals of Agent or any Lender given by Agent or such Lender pursuant to the Loan Documents shall not be deemed to have given by Agent or any Lender unless such consent or approval is in writing. Whenever pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Agent or any Lender is required to be reasonable in making any determination or granting any consent or approval, such qualification of reasonability shall be disregarded at any time that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Agent and Lenders may reasonably withhold, condition or delay their consent or approval in the event that (i) the granting of such consent shall have any material adverse effect on Borrowers or the Properties, or such granting of consent may result in a material decrease in the market value of the Properties, or (ii) such consent will result in any impairment of the Lien, priority or enforceability of the Mortgage, the Pledge Agreement or this Agreement or the enforceability of the other Loan Documents. 
  Section 10.4        Governing Law  . 
  (a)        THIS AGREEMENT WAS NEGOTIATED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND MADE BY AGENT AND LENDERS AND ACCEPTED BY BORROWERS IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND THE PROCEEDS OF THE NOTE DELIVERED PURSUANT HERETO WERE DISBURSED FROM THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WHICH STATE THE PARTIES AGREE HAS A SUBSTANTIAL RELATIONSHIP TO THE PARTIES AND TO THE UNDERLYING TRANSACTION EMBODIED HEREBY, AND IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, MATTERS OF CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND PERFORMANCE, THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE (WITHOUT REGARD TO  
  
   120 

PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS) AND ANY APPLICABLE LAW OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, EXCEPT THAT AT ALL TIMES THE PROVISIONS FOR THE CREATION, PERFECTION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE LIEN AND SECURITY INTEREST IN REAL PROPERTY CREATED PURSUANT HERETO AND PURSUANT TO THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF HAWAII, IT BEING UNDERSTOOD THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE LAW OF SUCH STATE, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND ENFORCEABILITY OF ALL LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ALL OF THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH BORROWER HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM TO ASSERT THAT THE LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION GOVERNS THIS AGREEMENT AND THE NOTE, AND THIS AGREEMENT AND THE NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. 
  (b)        ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST ANY LENDER, AGENT OR ANY BORROWER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY AT AGENT S OPTION BE INSTITUTED IN ANY FEDERAL OR STATE COURT IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, COUNTY OF NEW YORK, PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, AND BORROWERS WAIVE ANY OBJECTIONS WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE BASED ON VENUE AND/OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, AND BORROWERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.  EACH BORROWER DOES HEREBY DESIGNATE AND APPOINT: 
  Wilmington Trust SP Services, Inc.  166 Mercer Street, Suite 2R  New York, New York  10012 
  AS ITS AUTHORIZED AGENT TO ACCEPT AND ACKNOWLEDGE ON ITS BEHALF SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS WHICH MAY BE SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY FEDERAL OR STATE COURT IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK, AND EACH BORROWER AGREES THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON SAID AGENT AT SAID ADDRESS AND WRITTEN NOTICE OF SAID SERVICE MAILED OR DELIVERED TO SUCH BORROWER IN THE MANNER PROVIDED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED IN EVERY RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON SUCH BORROWER IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  EACH BORROWER (I) SHALL GIVE PROMPT NOTICE TO AGENT OF ANY CHANGED ADDRESS OF ITS AUTHORIZED AGENT HEREUNDER, (II) MAY AT ANY TIME AND FROM TIME TO TIME DESIGNATE A SUBSTITUTE AUTHORIZED AGENT WITH AN OFFICE IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK (WHICH SUBSTITUTE AGENT AND OFFICE SHALL BE DESIGNATED AS THE PERSON AND ADDRESS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS), AND (III) SHALL PROMPTLY DESIGNATE SUCH A SUBSTITUTE IF ITS AUTHORIZED AGENT CEASES TO HAVE AN OFFICE IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK OR IS DISSOLVED WITHOUT  
  
   121 

LEAVING A SUCCESSOR.  NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF AGENT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST SUCH BORROWER IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 
  Section 10.5        Modification, Waiver in Writing  .    No modification, amendment, extension, discharge, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document, nor consent to any departure by Borrowers therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in a writing signed by the party or parties against whom enforcement is sought, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance, and for the purpose, for which given.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no notice to, or demand on, Borrowers shall entitle Borrowers to any other or future notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances.  Neither any failure nor any delay on the part of Agent in insisting upon strict performance of any term, condition, covenant or agreement, or exercising any right, power, remedy or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document, shall operate as or constitute a waiver thereof, nor shall a single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other future exercise, or the exercise of any other right, power, remedy or privilege.  In particular, and not by way of limitation, by accepting payment after the due date of any amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Agent shall not be deemed to have waived any right either to require prompt payment when due of all other amounts due under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or to declare a default for failure to effect prompt payment of any such other amount.  Agent shall have the right to waive or reduce any time periods that Agent is entitled to under the Loan Documents in its sole and absolute discretion. 
  Section 10.6        Notices  .    All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals or other communications (any of the foregoing, a    Notice   ) required, permitted or desired to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be (i) delivered by hand (with signed acknowledgement of receipt by the designated recipient) or (ii) by reputable overnight courier, addressed to the party to be so notified at its address hereinafter set forth, or to such other address as such party may hereafter specify in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 10.6  . Notwithstanding the foregoing, any ordinary course communications related to the loan, including requests for leasing approvals and delivery of financial reporting (but not any request for other consent or modification of the Loan) may be delivered by electronic mail, provided that the subject line of such electronic mail correspondence begins with the following words in all capital letters:  MESSAGE CONTAINS WRITTEN NOTICE UNDER LOAN DOCUMENTS,  and provided further that such notice shall not be deemed given if the sender of the same receives a reply indicating that the message was not delivered to any of its intended recipients.  Any Notice shall be deemed to have been received:  (a) on the next Business Day if sent by an overnight commercial courier and (b) on the date of delivery by hand if delivered and acknowledged during business hours of a Business Day, and in each case addressed to the parties as follows: 
           If to Agent: 
    Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group, L.P. 
     6011 Connection Drive      Irving, Texas 75039  Attention:  Scott Miller     
  
   122 

with a copy to: 
    Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group, L.P. 
     6011 Connection Drive      Irving, Texas 75039  Attention:  Kelly Turner  Facsimile No. (917) 977-3019 
            If to Lenders: 
    Special Situations Investing Group II, LLC 
     6011 Connection Drive      Irving, Texas 75039      Attention:  Kelly Turner      Facsimile No. (917) 977-3019 
             and to: 
    Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher   Flom LLP      4 Times Square 
     New York, New York 10036-6522      Attention:  Audrey Sokoloff  Facsimile No. (917) 777-2170 

123 

Any party may change the address to which any such Notice is to be delivered by furnishing ten (10) days written notice of such change to the other parties in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 10.6  .  Notices shall be deemed to have been given on the date as set forth above, even if there is an inability to actually deliver any such Notice because of a changed address of which no Notice was given, or there is a rejection or refusal to accept any Notice offered for delivery.  Notice for any party may be given by its respective counsel.  Additionally, Notice from Agent or any Lender may also be given by Servicer and Agent and each Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that Borrowers shall be entitled to rely on any Notice given by Servicer as if it had been sent by Agent or such Lender. 
  Section 10.7        Waiver of Trial by Jury  .    EACH     BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY EACH AGREES NOT TO ELECT A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY ISSUE TRIABLE OF RIGHT BY JURY, AND WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY FULLY TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH RIGHT SHALL NOW OR HEREAFTER EXIST WITH REGARD TO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER ACTION ARISING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.  THIS WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IS GIVEN KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY BY BORROWERS, AGENT AND EACH LENDER AND IS INTENDED TO ENCOMPASS INDIVIDUALLY EACH INSTANCE AND EACH ISSUE AS TO WHICH THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY WOULD OTHERWISE ACCRUE.  EACH PARTY IS HEREBY AUTHORIZED TO FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH IN ANY PROCEEDING AS CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE OF THIS WAIVER. 
  Section 10.8        Headings, Schedules and Exhibits  .    The Article and/or Section headings and the Table of Contents in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose.  The Schedules and Exhibits annexed hereto are hereby incorporated herein as a part of this Agreement with the same effect as if set forth in the body hereof. 
  Section 10.9        Severability  .    Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
  Section 10.10        Preferences  .    Agent and each Lender shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply or reverse and reapply any and all payments by Borrowers to any portion of the Obligations of Borrowers hereunder.  To the extent any Borrower makes a payment or payments to Agent or any Lender, which payment or proceeds or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause, then, to the extent of such payment or proceeds received, the Obligations hereunder or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continue in full force and effect, as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by Agent or any Lender. 
  Section 10.11        Waiver of Notice  .    Borrowers shall not be entitled to any notices of any nature whatsoever from Agent or any Lender except with respect to matters for which this Agreement or the other Loan Documents specifically and expressly provide for the giving of notice by Agent  
  
   124 

or any Lender to Borrowers and except with respect to matters for which Borrowers are not, pursuant to applicable Legal Requirements, permitted to waive the giving of notice.  Borrowers hereby expressly waive the right to receive any notice from Agent or any Lender with respect to any matter for which this Agreement or the other Loan Documents do not specifically and expressly provide for the giving of notice by Agent or any Lender to Borrowers. 
  Section 10.12        Remedies of Borrowers  .    In the event that a claim or adjudication is made that Agent, any Lender or an agent of the foregoing has acted unreasonably or unreasonably delayed acting in any case where, by law or under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, Agent, such Lender or such agent, as the case may be, has an obligation to act reasonably or promptly, none of Agent, any Lender or any agent of the foregoing shall be liable for any monetary damages and Borrowers  sole remedy shall be limited to commencing an action seeking injunctive relief or declaratory judgment.  Any action or proceeding to determine whether Agent or any Lender has acted reasonably shall be determined by an action seeking declaratory judgment. 
  Section 10.13        Offsets, Counterclaims and Defenses  .    Any assignee of Agent s or any Lender s interest in and to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall take the same free and clear of all offsets, counterclaims or defenses which are unrelated to such documents which Borrowers may otherwise have against any assignor of such documents, and no such unrelated counterclaim or defense shall be interposed or asserted by Borrowers in any action or proceeding brought by any such assignee upon such documents and any such right to interpose or assert any such unrelated offset, counterclaim or defense in any such action or proceeding is hereby expressly waived by Borrowers. 
  Section 10.14        No Joint Venture or Partnership; No Third Party Beneficiaries  . 
  (a)        Each Borrower, Agent and each Lender intend that the relationships created hereunder and under the other Loan Documents be solely that of borrower and lender.  Nothing herein or therein is intended to create a joint venture, partnership, tenancy-in-common or joint tenancy relationship among Borrowers, Agent and Lenders nor to grant Agent and/or any Lender any interest in the Properties other than that of mortgagee, beneficiary or lender. 
  (b)        This Agreement and the other Loan Documents are solely for the benefit of Agent, Lenders and Borrowers and nothing contained in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to confer upon anyone other than Agent, Lenders and Borrowers any right to insist upon or to enforce the performance or observance of any of the obligations contained herein or therein.  All conditions to the obligations of Lenders to make the Loan hereunder are imposed solely and exclusively for the benefit of Agent and Lenders and no other Person shall have standing to require satisfaction of such conditions in accordance with their terms or be entitled to assume that any Lender will refuse to make the Loan in the absence of strict compliance with any or all thereof and no other Person shall under any circumstances be deemed to be a beneficiary of such conditions, any or all of which may be freely waived in whole or in part by Agent or any Lender if, in Agent s or such Lender s sole discretion, Agent or Lender deems it advisable or desirable to do so. 
  Section 10.15        Publicity  .    All news releases, publicity or advertising by Borrowers or its Affiliates through any media intended to reach the general public which refers to the Loan  
  
   125 

Documents or the financing evidenced by the Loan Documents, to Agent, Lenders, any Affiliate of Agent or any Affiliates of the foregoing shall be subject to the prior written approval of Agent and/or such Lender; Agent acknowledging that information regarding the Loan Documents may be included in any filing to be made by any Affiliate of Borrowers, to the extent such filing is required by a Governmental Authority, without Agent s prior written consent.  Agent and each Lender shall have the right to issue any of the foregoing without Borrowers  approval and Borrowers authorize Agent and each Lender to issue press releases, advertisements and other promotional materials in connection with Agent s and Lenders  own promotional and marketing activities, including in connection with a Secondary Market Transaction, and such materials may describe the Loan in general terms or in detail and Agent s and Lenders  participation therein in the Loan.   
  Section 10.16        Waiver of Marshalling of Assets  .    To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Borrower, for itself and its successors and assigns, waives all rights to a marshalling of the assets of Borrowers, Borrowers  members or partners, as applicable, and others with interests in Borrowers, and of the Properties and the Collateral, and shall not assert any right under any laws pertaining to the marshalling of assets, the sale in inverse order of alienation, homestead exemption, the administration of estates of decedents, or any other matters whatsoever to defeat, reduce or affect the right of Agent and Lenders under the Loan Documents to a sale of the Properties and/or the Collateral for the collection of the Obligations without any prior or different resort for collection, or of the right of Agent and Lenders to the payment of the Obligations out of the net proceeds of the Properties and/or the Collateral in preference to every other claimant whatsoever. 
  Section 10.17        Certain Waivers  .    Borrowers hereby waive the right to assert a counterclaim, other than a compulsory counterclaim, in any action or proceeding brought against it by Agent, any Lender or any agents of the foregoing or otherwise to offset any obligations to make the payments required by the Loan Documents.  No failure by Agent or any Lender to perform any of its obligations hereunder shall be a valid defense to, or result in any offset against, any payments which Borrowers are obligated to make under any of the Loan Documents.  Without limiting any of the other provisions contained herein, Borrowers hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by applicable law, any rights it may have to claim or recover against Agent or any Lender in any legal action or proceeding any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages; provided that this waiver shall not apply to illegal acts, actual fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct.   
  Section 10.18        Conflict; Construction of Documents; Reliance  .    In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and any of the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Agreement shall control.  The parties hereto acknowledge that they were represented by competent counsel in connection with the negotiation, drafting and execution of the Loan Documents and that such Loan Documents shall not be subject to the principle of construing their meaning against the party which drafted same.  Borrowers acknowledge that, with respect to the Loan, Borrowers shall rely solely on its own judgment and advisors in entering into the Loan, without relying in any manner on any statements, representations or recommendations of Agent, any Lender or any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of the foregoing.  Neither Agent nor any Lender shall be subject to any limitation whatsoever in the exercise of any rights or remedies available to it under any of the Loan Documents or any other agreements or instruments which govern the Loan by virtue of the ownership by it or any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of Agent or any Lender of any equity interest any of them may acquire in Borrowers, and Borrowers hereby irrevocably waive the  
  
   126 

right to raise any defense or take any action on the basis of the foregoing with respect to Agent s and each Lender s exercise of any such rights or remedies.  Borrowers acknowledge that Agent and Lenders engage in the business of real estate financings and other real estate transactions and investments which may be viewed as adverse to or competitive with the business of Borrowers or their Affiliates. 
  Section 10.19        Brokers and Financial Advisors  .    Borrowers hereby represent that, except for Eastdil Secured (   Broker   ), it has dealt with no financial advisors, brokers, underwriters, placement agents, agents or finders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  Borrowers will pay Broker a commission pursuant to a separate agreement.  Borrowers shall indemnify, defend and hold Agent and each Lender harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses of any kind (including Agent s and each Lender s attorneys  fees and expenses) in any way relating to or arising out of a claim by any Person (including Broker) that such Person acted on behalf of Borrowers or Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated herein.  The provisions of this   Section 10.19   shall survive the expiration and termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Obligations. 
  Section 10.20        Prior Agreements  .    This Agreement and the other Loan Documents contain the entire agreement of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective affiliates in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and all prior agreements among or between such parties, including any confidentiality agreements or any similar agreements between or among any such parties or any of their affiliates, whether oral or written, are superseded by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.    
  Section 10.21        Servicer  .  
  (a)        At the option of Agent, the Loan may be serviced by a servicer or special servicer (the    Servicer   ) selected by Agent and Agent may delegate all or any portion of its responsibilities under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to the Servicer pursuant to a servicing agreement (the    Servicing Agreement   ) between Agent and Servicer.  Servicer may, at any time, delegate all or any portion of its responsibilities for the servicing and administration of the Loan to a sub-servicer or sub-servicers.  Borrowers shall be responsible for any costs and expenses of Servicer to the extent such costs and expenses would otherwise be payable by Borrowers if incurred by Agent or any Lender hereunder, provided, however, that Borrowers shall not be responsible for any set-up fees or any other initial costs incurred after a Securitization of the Loan.  Agent and Borrowers agree that Midland Loan Services, a PNC Real Estate business shall be the initial Servicer hereunder.  Borrowers agree that the Servicer shall be paid an annual fee of $50,000, payable monthly on each Monthly Payment Date (the    Servicing Fee   ).  Notwithstanding any collection of the Servicing Fee by Agent on behalf of Servicer, the Servicing Fee will be deemed to have been paid directly to Servicer. 
  (b)        Other than as set forth in   Section 10.21(a)   above, Borrowers shall pay all of the fees and expenses of the Servicer and any reasonable third-party fees (if applicable) and expenses in connection with the Loan, including any prepayments, releases of the Properties, approvals under the Loan Documents requested by Borrowers, other requests under the Loan, assumption of Borrowers  obligations or modification of the Loan, as well as any fees and expenses in connection with the special servicing or work-out of the Loan or enforcement of the Loan Documents, including,  
  
   127 

special servicing fees, operating or trust advisor fees (if the Loan is a specially serviced loan or in connection with a workout), work-out fees, liquidation fees, attorneys  fees and expenses and other fees and expenses in connection with the modification or restructuring of the Loan. 
  Section 10.22        Joint and Several Liability  .   
  (a)        If Borrower consists of more than one (1) Person the obligations and liabilities of each Person comprising Borrower shall be joint and several. 
  (b)        If Lender consists of more than one (1) Person the obligations and liabilities of each Person comprising Lender shall be several, and not joint.  
  Section 10.23        Creation of Security Interest  .    Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Agreement, the Notes, the Mortgage or any of the other Loan Documents, Agent may at any time create a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement, the Notes, the Mortgage and any other Loan Document (including the advances owing to it) in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
  Section 10.24        Taxes  .  Any and all payments by Borrowers hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding taxes imposed on Agent s or any Lender s income, and franchise taxes imposed on Agent or any Lender by the law or regulation of any Governmental Authority (all such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities being hereinafter referred to in this   Section 10.24   as    Applicable Taxes   ).  If Borrowers shall be required by law to deduct any Applicable Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to Agent (on behalf of Lenders), the following shall apply:  (i) the sum payable shall be increased as may be necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this   Section 10.24  ), Agent receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) Borrowers shall make such deductions and (iii) Borrowers shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law.  Payments pursuant to this   Section 10.24   shall be made within ten (10) days after the date Agent makes written demand therefor. 
  Section 10.25        Cross Default; Cross Collateralization  .    Each Borrower acknowledges that Agent (for the benefit of Lenders) has made the Loan to Borrower upon the security of its collective interest in the Properties and in reliance upon the aggregate of the Properties taken together being of greater value as collateral security than the sum of the Properties taken separately.  Each Borrower agrees that the Mortgages are and will be cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with each other so that (i) an Event of Default under any of the Mortgages shall constitute an Event of Default under each of the other Mortgages which secure the Notes; (ii) an Event of Default under the Notes or this Agreement shall constitute an Event of Default under each Mortgage; and (iii) each Mortgage shall constitute security for the Notes as if a single blanket lien were placed on all of the Properties as security for the Notes. 
  
   128 

Section 10.26        Contribution among Borrowers  .    Notwithstanding that Borrowers are jointly and severally liable to Lenders for payment of the Loan, as among Borrowers, each shall be liable only for such Borrower s Allocated Loan Amount and, accordingly, each Borrower whose Property or other assets are, from time to time, utilized to satisfy a portion of the Debt in excess of such Borrower s Allocated Loan Amount, shall be entitled, commencing 95 days after payment in full of the Debt, to contribution from each of the other Borrower pro-rata in accordance with their respective liabilities in accordance with this Agreement.  This Allocated Loan Amount for each Borrower shall equal the Allocated Loan Amount for the Property owned by such Borrower. 
  Section 10.27        Counterparts  .    This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
  Section 10.28        Set-Off  .  In addition to any rights and remedies of Agent and Lenders provided by this Agreement and by law, Agent and each Lender shall have the right in its sole discretion, without prior notice to Borrowers, any such notice being expressly waived by Borrowers to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon any amount becoming due and payable by Borrowers hereunder (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), to set-off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by agent or any Lender or any Affiliate thereof to or for the credit or the account of Borrowers; provided however, Agent and Lenders may only exercise such right during the continuance of an Event of Default.  Agent or the relevant Lender agrees promptly to notify Borrowers after any such set-off and application made by Agent or such Lender; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 
  Section 10.29        Modification, Waiver in Writing; Approvals  .   
  (a)        No modification, amendment, extension, discharge, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document shall be effective unless the same shall be in a writing signed by Agent and, in the case of modifications and amendments, Borrowers, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance, and for the purpose for which given. Neither any failure nor any delay on the part of Agent or any Lender in insisting upon strict performance of any term, condition, covenant or agreement, or exercising any right, power, remedy or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document, shall operate as or constitute a waiver thereof, nor shall a single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other future exercise, or the exercise of any other right, power, remedy or privilege.  In particular, and not by way of limitation, by accepting payment after the due date of any amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither Agent nor any Lender shall be deemed to have waived any right either to require prompt payment when due of all other amounts due under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or to declare a default for failure to effect prompt payment of any such other amount.  Agent shall have the right to waive or reduce any time periods that Lenders and/or Agent is entitled to under the Loan Documents in its sole and absolute discretion. 
  (b)        Borrowers hereby acknowledges and agrees that notwithstanding the fact that the Loan may be serviced by Servicer, all requests for approval and consents hereunder and in  
  
   129 

every instance in which Lenders  consent or approval is required, all copies of documents, reports, requests and other delivery obligations of Borrowers and Guarantor required hereunder shall be delivered by Borrowers or Guarantor, as applicable, to Agent.   
  Section 10.30        Waiver of Lender Liability  .    Borrower hereby (i) acknowledges that DQ Lender 1 (or one of its Affiliates) is the purchaser under the Pan Am PSA and in such capacity has certain rights and approvals with respect to the Pan Am Property and (ii) agrees that Borrower shall not allege or bring, and Borrower hereby waives, any claim of lender liability in connection with DQ Lender 1's exercise of such rights thereunder or any rights of Agent or the Lenders hereunder. 
  ARTICLE 11           AGENT    
  Section 11.1        Appointment  .   
  (a)        Each Lender hereby irrevocably designates and appoints Agent as the agent of such Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including acting as collateral agent for the Lenders under the Loan Documents, or any of them.  Each such Lender irrevocably authorizes Agent, as the agent for such Lender, to take such action on its behalf and in Agent s designated capacity under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein or therein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants (except for the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing), functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against Agent and in favor of Lenders. 
  (b)        No individual Lender or group of Lenders shall have any right to modify or waive, or consent to the departure of any party from any provision of any Loan Document, or secure or enforce the Obligations.  All such rights, on behalf of Agent or any Lender or Lenders, shall be held and exercised solely by and at the option of Agent for the benefit of Lenders.  Except as expressly otherwise provided in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, Agent shall have and may use its sole discretion with respect to exercising or refraining from exercising any discretionary rights or taking or refraining from taking any actions which Agent is expressly entitled to exercise or take under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, including (i) the determination if and to what extent matters or items subject to Agent s satisfaction are acceptable or otherwise within its discretion, (ii) the making of Agent Advances, and (iii) the exercise of remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and any action so taken or not taken shall be deemed consented to by Lenders. 
  (c)        In case of the pendency of any bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to Borrowers, Guarantor or any Affiliate of Borrowers or Guarantor, no individual Lender or group of Lenders shall have the right, and Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of the  
  
   130 

Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether Agent shall have made any demand on Borrowers) shall be exclusively entitled and empowered on behalf of itself and Lenders, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
  (i)        to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loan and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of Lenders and Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of Lenders and Agent and their respective agents and counsel) and all other amounts due Lenders and Agent hereunder allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
  (ii)        to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 
  and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, conservator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to Agent and, in the event that Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to Lenders, to pay to Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due Agent hereunder.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of Lenders except as approved by the Lenders or to authorize Agent to vote in respect of the claims of Lenders except as approved by the Lenders in any such proceeding. 
  Section 11.2        Delegation of Duties  .  Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by or through agents or attorneys in fact and shall be entitled to receive and rely upon advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties.  Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence of any agents or attorneys-in fact selected by it with reasonable care. 
  Section 11.3        Exculpatory Provisions  .  Neither Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys in fact or affiliates shall be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such Person or Persons under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except to the extent the same is caused by or the result of Agent s gross negligence, willful misconduct or intentional and material breach of this Agreement) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any Lender for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by Borrowers or Guarantor or any officer thereof contained in any Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for any failure of Borrowers or Guarantor to perform its obligations thereunder.  Agent shall not be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of Borrowers or Guarantor. 
  
   131 

Section 11.4        Reliance by Agent  .  Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any note, instrument, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, certification, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, telecopy, telex or teletype message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel to the Loan Parties), independent accountants and other experts selected by Agent.  Agent shall take any and all direction with regard to administration of the Loan Documents from the Lenders holding such portion of the Loan as may be agreed by the Lenders in any Co-Lender Agreement.  Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes unless such Note shall have been transferred in accordance with this Agreement and all actions required in connection with such transfer shall have been taken.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein:  (1) Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Ratable Share against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action.  Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in accordance with a request of Lenders and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all Lenders and all future holders of all or any interest in the Loan. 
  Section 11.5        Notice of Default  .  Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents unless Agent shall have received notice from a Lender or Borrowers, referring to the Loan Documents, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a  notice of default .  In the event that Agent receives such a notice and a Default has occurred, Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to Lenders.  Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as may be agreed by Agent and Lenders separately in any Co-Lender Agreement; provided that unless and until Agent shall have received such directions, Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of Lenders. 
  Section 11.6        Non Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders  .  Each Lender expressly acknowledges that neither Agent nor any of its respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys in fact or Affiliates have made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of Borrowers or Guarantor or any Affiliate of Borrowers or Guarantor, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by Agent to any Lender.  Each Lender represents to Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower Parties and their Affiliates and made its own decision to make its Ratable Share of the Loan hereunder and enter into this Agreement.  Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigation as it deems  
  
   132 

necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Affiliates.  Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by Agent hereunder, Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or creditworthiness of any Borrower Party or any Affiliate of any Borrower Party that may come into the possession of Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys in fact or Affiliates. 
  Section 11.7        Indemnification  .  Lenders agree to indemnify Agent in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by Borrowers and without limiting the obligation of Borrowers to do so), ratably according to their respective Ratable Share on the date on which indemnification is sought under this   Section 11.7   (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Loan shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Ratable Share immediately prior to such date), for, and to save Agent harmless from and against, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever which may at any time (including, without limitation, at any time following the payment of the Obligations) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent in any way relating to or arising out of, the Loan, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by Agent under or in connection with any of the foregoing, except to the extent the same is caused by or the result of Agent s gross negligence, willful misconduct or intentional and material breach of this Agreement.  The provisions of this   Section 11.7   shall survive the payment of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
  Section 11.8        Agent in Its Individual Capacity  .  Agent and its affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with any Borrower Party or any Affiliate of any Borrower Party as though Agent were not an agent hereunder.  With respect to the Ratable Share of the Loan made or held by it at any time, Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an agent, and the terms  Lender  and  Lenders  shall include Agent in its individual capacity. 
  Section 11.9        Appraisals  .  Agent may, at its option, commission one or more new and/or updated appraisals from time to time after the Closing Date; provided, however, that Borrowers shall only be required to reimburse Agent for such new and/or updated appraisal (A) not more than one (1) time annually unless (1) an Event of Default is continuing or (2) there is, in Agent s reasonable judgment, a material adverse change in the Properties or the market conditions related to the Properties, (B) in connection with   Section 2.7   hereof and (C) at any time such appraisal is required by applicable law or regulatory requirements. 
  Section 11.10        Ratable Share  .  (i) The liabilities of Lenders shall be several and not joint, (ii) no Lender shall be responsible for the obligations of any other Lender, and (iii) each Lender shall be liable to Borrowers only for its respective Ratable Share of the Loan.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all indemnities by Borrowers and obligations for costs, expenses, damages or advances set forth herein shall run to and benefit each Lender in accordance with its Ratable Share. 
  
   133 

Section 11.11        Modifications to Article 11  .  Borrowers, Agent and Lenders acknowledge and agree that the provisions of this Article 11 solely govern the relationship among the Lenders and Agent and do not alter or otherwise modify the provisions of this Agreement applicable to Borrowers or otherwise apply to Borrowers. The provisions of this Article 11 may be modified without Borrowers  consent so long as such modifications do not alter any of Borrowers  rights or obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or otherwise alter the economic terms of the Loan or the Loan Documents in any manner. 
  Section 11.12        Successor Agents  .  Agent may resign as Agent under the Loan Documents upon five (5) days  notice to Lenders and Borrowers.  If Agent shall resign, then the Lender shall appoint a successor Agent.  The term  Agent  shall mean each such successor Agent, effective upon its appointment, and the former Agent s rights, powers and duties as Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents or successors thereto.  After any retiring Agent s resignation hereunder as Agent, the provisions of the Loan Documents shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was an Agent under the Loan Documents.  In no event shall there be more than one Agent hereunder. 
  Section 11.13        Limitations on Agent s Liability  .  No syndication agents, arranger, or book running manager, in such capacities, shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement.   
  Section 11.14        Co-Lender Agreement  .  Borrowers hereby acknowledge and agree that any one or more co-lender agreements may at any time be entered into between Agent and any or all Lenders (each, a    Co-Lender Agreement   ) pursuant to which, among other things, the Lenders shall agree upon rights of the Lenders as among themselves and the manner in which Agent shall administer the Loan.  Any Co-Lender Agreement will be solely for the benefit of Agent and the applicable Lenders, and neither any Borrower Party nor any other Person shall be a third-party beneficiary of any of the provisions therein, or have any rights thereunder or be entitled to rely on any of the provisions contained therein.  Neither Agent nor any Lenders shall have any obligation to disclose to any Borrower Party or any of its Affiliates the contents of any Co-Lender Agreement.  The Borrower Party s obligations under the Loan Documents are and will be independent of any Co-Lender Agreement and shall remain unmodified by the provisions thereof (although Borrowers acknowledge that with respect to certain approvals, calculations and other decisions hereunder, any Co-Lender Agreement may require Agent to consult with or receive the approval of one or more Lenders prior to providing its own approval or determination regarding the same).  
  Section 11.15        Pan Am Property  .  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, with respect to any consent or approval required to be obtained from Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document with respect to the Pan Am Property (including, without limitation, under   Sections 4.11  ,   4.12  ,   4.13  ,   4.14  ,   4.15  ,   4.33   and   4.37   hereof), or any determination otherwise made by Agent with respect to the Pan Am Property (including without limitation, determinations made under   Sections 5.2  ,   5.3   or   5.4   hereof), such matters shall also require the prior written consent of DQ Lender 1.   All requests for Agent s consent sent via email pursuant to   Sections 4.9   and   4.11   with respect to the Pan Am Property shall also be sent to DQ Lender 1 s representative at   naoki@donki.co.jp  . 
  
   134 

[  NO FURTHER TEXT ON THIS PAGE  ] 

135 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their duly authorized representatives, all as of the day and year first above written. 
  AGENT  : 
  GOLDMAN SACHS SPECIALTY LENDING GROUP, L.P.  , a Delaware limited partnership, individually and as Agent for one or more Lenders 
           By: 
    /s/ Gaurav Seth        Name:  Gaurav Seth    Title:  Senior Vice President 
       
  LENDERS  : 
  SPECIAL SITUATIONS INVESTING GROUP II, LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company 
           By: 
    /s/ Gaurav Seth        Name:  Gaurav Seth    Title:  Senior Vice President 
       
  [signatures continue on following pages] 
  
   [Signature Page to Loan Agreement] 

DON QUIJOTE HOLDINGS CO., LTD.  , 
   a Japan corporation  
           By: 
    /s/ Naoki Yoshida        Name:  Naoki Yoshida Title:  Senior Managing Director   CCO 

DON QUIJOTE (USA) CO., LTD.  ,  
  a Hawaii corporation 
           By: 
    /s/ Reid Matsumoto        Name:  Reid Matsumoto Title:  Chief Administrative Officer 
       
  [signatures continue on following page] 

[Signature Page to Loan Agreement] 

BORROWERS: 
  DAVIES PACIFIC, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    DPC Mezzanine, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff     
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 

[Signature Page to Loan Agreement] 

PAN AM I, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    Pan Am Mezzanine I, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff     
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 

PAN AM II, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    Pan Am Mezzanine II, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff     
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 

[Signature Page to Loan Agreement] 

PAN AM III, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    Pan Am Mezzanine III, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff     
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 

PAN AM IV, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    Pan Am Mezzanine IV, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff     
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 

[Signature Page to Loan Agreement] 

WATERFRONT A, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    WFP Mezzanine A, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff     
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 

WATERFRONT B, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    WFP Mezzanine B, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff     
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 

[Signature Page to Loan Agreement] 

WATERFRONT C, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    WFP Mezzanine C, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff     
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 

WATERFRONT D, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    WFP Mezzanine D, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff     
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 

[Signature Page to Loan Agreement] 

WATERFRONT E, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    WFP Mezzanine E, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff     
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 

[Signature Page to Loan Agreement] 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex102panambuildingpsa.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 

PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 
    
  AMONG 
    
  PAN AM I, LLC 
  PAN AM II, LLC 
  PAN AM III, LLC 
  PAN AM IV, LLC 
    
  AND 
    
  DON QUIJOTE (USA) CO., LTD. 

PAN AM BUILDING 
    
  City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii 

3119.001/132866 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 
    
  THIS PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT (this "  Agreement  ") is made as of August 11, 2016 (the "  Effective Date  "), by and among   PAN AM I, LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company,   PAN AM II, LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company,   PAN AM III, LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company, and   PAN AM IV, LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company (collectively, "  Seller  " and individually a Seller entity), and   DON QUIJOTE (USA) CO., LTD.  ,     a Hawaii corporation ("  Buyer  ").  Seller and Buyer may sometimes separately be referred to in this Agreement as a "  Party  " and all of which may sometimes collectively be referred to in this Agreement as the "  Parties  ". 
    
  RECITALS  : 
    
  A.  Seller owns and operates that certain commercial and office complex located at 1600 Kapiolani Boulevard, City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii, commonly known as the "Pan Am Building" (the "  Project  ").  The Project is located on the Land (as defined below), which is identified on the tax maps of the City and County of Honolulu as Tax Map Key Parcel No. (1) 2-3-22:57. 
  B.  Seller desires to sell and convey to Buyer all of Seller's rights, title and interests in and to the Project and the Land pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
  C.  Buyer desires to purchase and acquire from Seller such rights, title and interests in and to the Project and the Land pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
  D.  Prior to the Effective Date, Buyer has had the opportunity to inspect and evaluate the Property and certain due diligence items provided by Seller in connection with (1) that certain mortgage loan transaction by and among Seller and certain affiliates of Seller, as borrower, and the Note A Holder and the Note B Holder (as those terms are defined below), and (2) this Agreement.  The Real Property (as defined below) constitutes a portion of the mortgaged property securing said loan (described and defined below as the Loan).  Funding of the Loan to Buyer is occurring as of the Effective Date, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement.  
  AGREEMENT  : 
    
  1.  AGREEMENT TO SELL AND PURCHASE  .  In consideration of the sum of ONE HUNDRED AND NO/100 U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00) (the "  Contract Payment  ") paid by Buyer to Seller on or as of the Effective Date, Seller hereby agrees to sell and convey to Buyer, and Buyer hereby agrees to purchase and acquire from Seller, subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, all of the following property, excluding, however, any and all Proprietary and Confidential Items (as defined below) (collectively, the "  Property  "):  
  (a)  Land  .  All of Seller's rights, title and interests in and to that certain parcel of land described in   Exhibit "1"   attached hereto and made a part hereof (the "  Land  ").   
  
   3119.001/132866 
  1 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

(b)  Improvements  .  All of Seller's rights, title and interests in and to the buildings, structures and other improvements located on or below the surface of the Land, including the Project (collectively, the "  Improvements  ").  Seller's rights, title and interests in and to the Land and the Improvements are collectively referred to in this Agreement as the "  Real Property  ". 
  (c)  Personal Property  .  All of Seller's rights, title and interests, if any, in and to the tangible personal property stored on the Land and used exclusively in connection with the operation of the Project, including without limitation, furniture, furnishings, equipment, appliances, tools and supplies, but excluding the personal property to be retained by Seller as specifically identified on the Schedule of Excluded Personal Property attached hereto and made a part hereof as   Schedule "1(c)"   (collectively, the "  Personal Property  ").   
  (d)  Contracts  .      All of Seller's rights, title and interests in and to any contracts or agreements relating to the ownership, operation, repair and/or maintenance of the Project or the Real Property in effect as of the Effective Date or that may be entered into by Seller after the Effective Date in accordance with the terms hereof prior to the Closing Date (as defined below), but excluding:  (i) the Terminated Contracts (as defined below), (ii) any employment agreement with persons employed by a Seller entity, (iii) any contract that expires or is terminated pursuant to the terms hereof prior to the Closing Date, and (iv) any utility contract that may be terminated by Seller as of the Closing Date (collectively, the "  Contracts  "). 
  (e)  Tenant Leases  .  All of Seller's rights, title and interests in and to the tenant leases and other agreements to occupy a portion of the Real Property in effect as of the Effective Date or that may be entered into by Seller after the Effective Date in accordance with the terms hereof, but excluding such tenant leases or other occupancy agreements that expire or are terminated pursuant to the terms hereof prior to the Closing Date (collectively, the "  Tenant Leases  "). 
  (f)  Intangible Property  .  All of Seller's rights, title and interests in and to the following intangible property relating exclusively to the ownership, construction and/or operation of the Project in existence as of the Closing Date:  (i) any intellectual property (including trade names, trademarks, internet domain names) owned by or licensed to Seller exclusively in connection with the Project, (ii) all security deposits under the Tenant Leases to the extent held by Seller, (iii) all permits, authorizations and certificates of occupancy issued by a federal, state or county government agency in connection with the Project, (iv) construction plans and specifications, if any, relating to the Improvements, (v) all warranties and guaranties, if any, from third parties relating to construction of the Improvements or to the Personal Property and (vi) all other intangible property owned by Seller in connection with the ownership or operation of the Project or the Real Property (collectively, the "  Intangible Property  "). 
  Any provision to the contrary in this Agreement notwithstanding, the Property shall not include:  (i) accounts receivable relating to time periods or events occurring prior to Closing (as defined below), (ii) cash or other funds, (iii) refunds or rebates relating to time periods or events occurring prior to Closing, (iv) utility deposits and other prepaid items, (v) letters of credit, promissory notes and other negotiable instruments (unless such item is held by Seller as a security deposit under a Tenant Lease and is to be assigned to Buyer pursuant to Section 11(e) hereof), (vi)  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  2 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

insurance policies and proceeds thereunder (unless otherwise expressly provided for under this Agreement), (vii) tax credits, (viii) claims and rights relating to time periods or events occurring prior to Closing, and all proceeds therefrom, and (ix) any other asset of Seller not held for purposes of owning or operating the Project. 
  As used in this Agreement, the term "  Proprietary and Confidential Items  " shall mean any document, information, material or other item that:  (i) is protected by the attorney-client privilege or as attorney work product with respect to Seller as the client, (ii) contains information about other assets or business activities of Seller that cannot reasonably be separated from information about the Property, (iii) contains information that Seller is obligated by law or pursuant to an agreement with a third party to keep confidential, (iv) contains confidential or proprietary information of Seller, including without limitation, Seller's company records maintained by Seller for its internal purposes, tax returns and tax records, internal memoranda, budgets, past appraisals, accounting records, financial projections, and financial statements in each case not solely related to the Project, or (v) is no longer in effect as of the Effective Date or that will no longer be in effect as of the Closing Date. 
  2.  PURCHASE PRICE  . 
  (a)        Purchase Price  .  The purchase price (the "  Purchase Price  ") to be paid by Buyer to Seller for the Property shall be SEVENTY-EIGHT MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND AND NO/100 U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $78,500,000.00).  The Purchase Price shall be paid by Buyer to Seller as provided in Section 2(b) hereof.  All cash amounts payable hereunder shall be paid in United States dollars or by electronic or wire transfer of immediately available funds, or in such other form as is acceptable to Seller and Escrow Agent (as defined below). 
  (b)        Payment  .  No later than 7:00 am Hawaii time on the business day that precedes the day of Closing, Buyer shall deposit into Escrow (as defined below) the Purchase Price, as adjusted by applicable credits, charges and prorations as provided in this Section 2(b) and this Agreement, together with Buyer's share of the closing costs and such other amounts, if any, that are to be paid by Buyer at Closing pursuant to this Agreement (the "  Closing Payment  ").  TWENTY-TWO MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND AND NO/100 U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $22,500,000.00) (the "  Note B Paydown Amount  ") of the Purchase Price shall be paid by Buyer through Escrow in cash, which amount shall be disbursed to Agent (as defined below) at Closing to be applied toward the repayment of Note B (as defined below) or as otherwise required to be applied pursuant to the Loan Agreement (as defined below).  The balance of the Purchase Price shall be paid as follows:  Buyer shall receive a credit towards the payment of the balance of the Purchase Price in an amount up to the outstanding amount payable to Buyer or any of its affiliates as of the Closing Date under Note A (as defined below) (the holder of Note A being referred to herein as the "  Note A Holder  "), and after application of such credit to the Purchase Price, any remaining balance of the Purchase Price shall be paid in cash by Buyer to Seller at Closing.  The amount payable under Note A shall be reduced by such amount credited towards the payment of the Purchase Price on a dollar for dollar basis.  "  Note B  " means that certain Note B, made as of Effective Date in favor of Special Situations Investing Group II, LLC (the "  Note B Holder  ") in the original principal amount of $80,500,000.00.  "  Note A  " means, collectively, that certain (i) Note A-1, made as of the Effective Date ("  Note A-1  ")  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  3 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

in favor of Don Quijote (USA) Co., Ltd., in the original principal amount of $78,500,000.00 and (ii) Note A-2, made as of the Effective Date ("  Note A-2  ") in favor of Don Quijote Holdings Co., Ltd., in the original principal amount of $121,500,000.00.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, at Buyer's option, Buyer may choose to pay all the Purchase Price in cash, in which event the Note B Paydown Amount portion of the Purchase Price shall be disbursed to Agent at Closing, to be applied toward the repayment of Note B, and the remaining balance of the Purchase Price shall be disbursed to Agent at Closing to be applied toward the repayment of Note A.  Note A and Note B evidence a loan being made by Note A Holder and Note B Holder (the "  Loan  ") as set forth in that certain Loan Agreement dated as of the Effective Date (the "  Loan Agreement  "), executed by Seller, Note A Holder, Note B Holder and Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group, L.P., as agent for Note A Holder and Note B Holder ("  Agent  "). 
  (c)        Allocation of Purchase Price  .  The Purchase Price shall be allocated among the Property as mutually agreed upon by Seller and Buyer as a result of commercially reasonable negotiations.  The Parties shall report this transaction for state and federal tax purposes in accordance with such allocation, and shall file all necessary forms with the relevant taxing authorities reflecting such allocation in accordance with applicable regulations.  If any state or federal taxing authority challenges such allocation, the Party receiving notice of such challenge shall give the other Party prompt written notice of the challenge, and the Parties shall cooperate in responding to such challenge.  An allocation agreement is not a condition to Closing and, to the extent Buyer and Seller do not agree upon such allocations as aforesaid, each of Buyer and Seller may allocate the Purchase Price in its reasonable discretion.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent Buyer and Seller are unable to agree on an allocation of the Purchase Price prior to Closing, the value of the Real Property required in connection with the recordation of the Deed (as defined below) or the filing of any conveyance tax certificate with any governmental authority shall be mutually determined by Seller and Buyer.  Allocation of the Purchase Price among the Seller entities shall be in the sole discretion of the Seller entities, and Buyer shall have no approval rights in connection therewith.  The provisions of this Section 2(c) shall survive Closing. 
  (d)        Contract Payment  .  The Contract Payment, referenced in Section 1 hereof, represents adequate bargained for consideration for Seller's execution and delivery of this Agreement.  The Contract Payment is in addition to and independent of any other consideration or payment provided for in this Agreement and is non-refundable in all events.  The Contract Payment shall not be applied or credited to the Purchase Price, nor shall it in any event be refundable to Buyer. 
  3.  ESCROW  .  Concurrently herewith, Seller and Buyer shall open an escrow account ("  Escrow  ") with Title Guaranty Escrow Services, Inc., 235 Queen Street, Honolulu, Hawaii  96813 (Attention:  Ms. Barbara Paulo) ("  Escrow Agent  ") for the purchase and sale of the Property pursuant to this Agreement and shall deliver to Escrow Agent a fully executed copy of this Agreement.  This Agreement shall constitute joint escrow instructions to Escrow Agent.  Seller and Buyer may execute such additional instructions not inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement.  Seller and Buyer agree that, as between Seller and Buyer, if there is any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the provisions of any additional escrow instructions, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 
  
   3119.001/132866 
  4 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

4.  TITLE TO THE PROPERTY; ESTOPPELS  . 
  (a)        Survey and Title Documents  .  Prior to the Effective Date, Seller has made the following materials available to Buyer: 
  (i)  Survey  .  A copy of the survey of the Land and the Improvements dated August 4, 2016, prepared by James R. Thompson of Walter P. Thompson, Inc. (the "  Survey  ").  Buyer may obtain an update of the Survey or a new survey of the Land and the Improvements at Buyer's expense. 
  (ii)  Title Report  .  A copy of Preliminary Report dated March 2, 2016 prepared by Fidelity National Title   Escrow of Hawaii, Inc. covering the fee simple interest in the Land (the "  PTR  "), together with copies of all documents of record that are referenced in the PTR as exceptions to title.  Buyer may obtain a new or updated preliminary title report at Buyer's expense. 
  (b)        Permitted Exceptions  .      Attached as   Exhibit "2"   to this Agreement is a list of exceptions, encumbrances and other items which shall be exceptions to title to the Real Property conveyed to Buyer (the "  Permitted Exceptions  ").  At the Closing, Seller shall deliver the Property to Buyer free and clear of all Liens (as defined below) except the Permitted Exceptions, and Seller agrees to cure or otherwise remove, at or prior to Closing any mechanics' lien, mortgage, security instrument and/or other monetary lien recorded against Seller's title to the Property (such financial encumbrances to be cured or otherwise removed by Seller are collectively referred to herein as the "  Financial Encumbrances  "); provided, however, that Seller shall not be required to cure or otherwise remove any Lien created or suffered by or through Buyer or any instrument securing the Loan.  If Seller shall fail to cause any Lien or Financial Encumbrance not permitted hereunder to be removed from the Property, Buyer may cause the same to be removed and may receive a credit towards the Purchase Price and deduct the reasonable cost of any such removal (including attorneys' fees in connection therewith) from the amount to be paid to Seller at the Closing.  "  Liens  " means any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, security interest, or any other encumbrance or charge recorded against Seller's title to the Property, any portion thereof or any interest of Seller therein, including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, the filing of any financing statement, and the filing of mechanic's, materialmen's and other liens and encumbrances.  As used in this Agreement, to "  cure  " or "  remove  " shall mean that Seller shall:  (i) take such actions as may be necessary to eliminate (of record or otherwise, as appropriate) the claim giving rise to the particular exception or encumbrance, or (ii) cause the Title Company (as defined below) to remove the exception or encumbrance, as applicable, as an exception to title in Buyer's Title Policy (as defined below) or to insure against the same to the reasonable satisfaction of Buyer. 
  (c)        [Reserved]  . 
  (d)        [Reserved]  . 
  
   3119.001/132866 
  5 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

(e)        Title Insurance  .  Buyer may obtain a binding commitment (the "  Title Policy Commitment  ") for the issuance by Title Guaranty of Hawaii, Inc. (the "  Title Company  ") at Closing of an owner's policy (or policies) of title insurance ("  Buyer's Title Policy  ") with respect to the Real Property, with such extended coverage and endorsements as Buyer may desire and in such amount as Buyer shall direct but not to exceed the Purchase Price. 
  (f)        Conveyance of the Real Property  .  At Closing, title to the Real Property shall be conveyed to Buyer by Limited Warranty Deed in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit "3"   (the "  Deed  "), subject to the Permitted Exceptions.  Any provision in this Agreement or in the Deed to the contrary notwithstanding, Seller shall have no obligation or liability to Buyer with respect to any Permitted Exception, whether or not all of the Permitted Exceptions are specifically referenced in the Deed, irrespective of any covenant or warranty of Seller that may be set forth in the Deed.  The provisions of this paragraph shall survive Closing.   
  (g)        Conveyance of Personal Property  .      At Closing, all of Seller's rights, title and interests in the Personal Property shall be conveyed to Buyer by a Bill of Sale (the "  Bill of Sale  ") in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit "4"  . 
  (h)        Assignment and Assumption of Contracts and Intangible Property  .      At Closing, all of Seller's rights, title and interests, if any, to the extent assignable, in and to the Contracts and the Intangible Property shall be transferred and assigned to Buyer, and Buyer shall assume all of Seller's obligations and liabilities under the Contracts and the Intangible Property arising from and after Closing, subject to the provisions of Section 11 hereof, by an Assignment and Assumption of Contracts and Intangible Property (the "  Assignment and Assumption of Contracts and Intangible Property  ") in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit "5"   and by such other document that may be legally required to effect the assignment and assumption of any part of the Contracts or the Intangible Property. 
  (i)        Assignment and Assumption of Tenant Leases  .  At Closing, all of Seller's rights, title and interests in and to the Tenant Leases shall be transferred and assigned to Buyer, and Buyer shall assume all of Seller's obligations and liabilities under the Tenant Leases arising from and after Closing, subject to the provisions of Section 11 hereof, by an Assignment and Assumption of Tenant Leases (the "  Assignment and Assumption of Tenant Leases  ") in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit "6"  . 
  (j)        Consents  .  Seller and Buyer shall each use good faith efforts to obtain the required consent, if any, of any third party for the transfer of any portion of the Property.  Obtaining such consents shall be a condition to Closing but may be waived in writing by Buyer in its sole discretion.  The failure to obtain such consents shall not be deemed a default by Seller or Buyer under this Agreement.  
  (k)        Termination of Contracts  .  Buyer shall notify Seller, in writing delivered to Seller no later than sixty days prior to the Scheduled Closing Date, of any Contracts in effect as of such time that Buyer requests be terminated as of Closing (the "  Rejected Contracts  ").  Seller shall terminate the Rejected Contracts, provided that Seller shall not be required to terminate any of the  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  6 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

Contracts listed on   Schedule "6(a)(xi)"   or any other Contract entered into with Buyer's approval pursuant to the terms hereof if such termination would result in a penalty or charge to Seller (such contracts that are so terminated as of Closing shall be referred to in this Agreement as the "  Terminated Contracts  "); and further provided that termination of each of the Rejected Contracts shall not be a condition to Closing. 
  (l)        Notices of Sale  .  At Closing, Seller shall furnish Buyer with a signed notice to be given to each tenant under the Tenant Leases and each third party under the Contracts.  The notice shall disclose that the Real Property has been conveyed to Buyer and that, after Closing, Buyer shall be responsible for Seller's obligations under the Tenant Lease or Contract, as applicable, and that tenant or such third party shall render the performance under such lease or contract to Buyer.  The form of the notice shall be otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Parties.  Seller hereby irrevocably appoints Buyer as its attorney-in-fact, coupled with an interest, to execute and send any such notice to the extent Seller fails to execute and send the same within three (3) business days following Closing. 
  (m)        Estoppel Certificates  .  Not sooner than forty-five (45) days prior to the Closing Date and not later than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date, Seller shall send an estoppel certificate in the Acceptable Estoppel Certificate Form (as defined below) (each, a "  Tenant Estoppel Certificate  ") to each of the tenants then occupying space in the Project.  "  Acceptable Estoppel Certificate Form  " means (i) an estoppel certificate in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit "8"  ; or (ii) an estoppel certificate in a form attached as an exhibit to the applicable lease, containing the information which the tenant under such lease is required to address in an estoppel certificate as required by such lease.  Buyer and Seller hereby acknowledge and agree that the form of estoppel certificate attached hereto as   Exhibit "8"   constitutes a "commercially reasonable" form.  Prior to sending to each tenant, Seller agrees to deliver the completed estoppel certificate forms to Buyer, for Buyer's review and approval, prior to delivery to the tenants, and Buyer shall have five (5) business days to provide Seller with any comments to such forms following Buyer's receipt thereof, and Seller shall reasonably cooperate to incorporate any comments by Buyer, provided that if Buyer shall not provide any comments prior to the end of such five (5) business day period, Seller shall send estoppel certificates to the tenants without any input from Buyer.  Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each tenant then occupying space at the Project to return a completed estoppel certificate on an Acceptable Estoppel Certificate Form (or with such deletions or changes thereto made by the tenant so long as such estoppel certificate contains, at a minimum, the matters which a tenant is required to address in an estoppel certificate as required by such tenant's lease) to Seller prior to Closing and Seller shall deliver to Buyer any executed estoppel certificate received by Seller within two (2) business days after receipt of such.  In the event Seller is unable, despite the use of commercially reasonable efforts, to provide to Buyer Tenant Estoppel Certificates from tenants occupying not less than seventy percent (70%) of the total leased area within the Project including the seven (7) largest tenants in the Project based on square footage of demised premises (the    70/7 Estoppel Requirement   ), Seller shall execute and deliver to Buyer certificates in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit "9"   with modifications to the statements therein as appropriate (individually, a "  Seller Estoppel Certificate  ," and, collectively, the "  Seller Estoppel Certificates  "), as necessary to satisfy the 70/7 Estoppel Requirement.  Each statement in the Seller Estoppel Certificates shall survive the Closing for a period terminating on the earlier to occur of (i)  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  7 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

the date on which Buyer has received an executed Tenant Estoppel Certificate in acceptable form signed by the tenant under the Tenant Lease in question or (ii) the date that is one (1) year after the Closing Date.  The value of any exceptions relating to tenant improvement obligations due under the Tenant Lease, payment of leasing commissions due in connection with the Tenant Lease, payment of rent and/or operating expenses, the amount of security deposits held by Seller and/or any other financial matter for which Buyer is responsible for or entitled to the benefit of pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, described in any Tenant Estoppel Certificate or Seller Estoppel Certificate shall be addressed as a proration and incorporated into the Closing Statement and subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11(d), provided that if Seller, in good faith, disputes any exception listed in any Tenant Estoppel Certificate, Seller shall, in lieu of making the proration required in connection with the Closing or the adjustment pursuant to Section 11(d), deposit into escrow an amount equal to the value of the amount in dispute, and such amount shall be held in escrow until such time as the dispute is resolved and then released to the party entitled thereto, provided that if Buyer and Seller (and any applicable tenant) are not able to resolve such dispute and a legal proceeding has not been initiated (and is not then being pursued) to resolve such dispute by the first anniversary of the Closing Date, then any funds deposited by Seller into the escrow shall be returned to Seller.  The provisions of this Section 4(m) shall survive Closing. 
  5.  CONDITION OF PROPERTY "AS IS"  . 
  (a)        Acceptance of the Property  .  Buyer is relying solely upon its own inspection, investigation and analysis of the Property in entering into this Agreement and, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or in the Conveyance Documents, Buyer is not relying in any way upon any representation, statement, agreement, warranty, study, report, description, or other information or material made by or furnished by Seller (including Seller's managers, directors, officers and employees) or Seller's attorneys, consultants, sales agents or other representatives (each, a "  Seller Representative  "), whether oral or written, express or implied, of any nature whatsoever regarding any such matters.  Buyer acknowledges that Buyer is familiar with the Property and has made such independent investigations as Buyer deems necessary or appropriate concerning the condition of the Property and the suitability and acceptability of the Property for Buyer's intended purposes.  Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, BUYER IS ACQUIRING ALL PORTIONS OF THE PROPERTY IN THEIR "  AS IS  ", "  WHERE-IS  " CONDITION, "  WITH ALL FAULTS  " in their present state and condition as of Closing, with no right of set-off or reduction in the Purchase Price, or obligation of Seller to replace or repair except as may be expressly set forth in this Agreement.  Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement or any Conveyance Document and in all cases subject to Seller's representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement and in the Conveyance Documents, Buyer hereby expressly releases and forever discharges Seller and Seller's managers and members, and each of Seller's and Seller's manager's and member's respective members, managers, partners, shareholders, owners, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants, attorneys and other representatives, as applicable (collectively, the "  Released Parties  ") from any and all claims, complaints, actions, causes of action, warranties of every type (excluding those expressly set forth in this Agreement or in the Deed), strict liability rights, and suits at law or in equity and/or demands for damages, losses, injuries, suffering, declaratory or injunctive relief, expenses, costs, liabilities and/or any other remedies or relief,  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  8 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

whether now known or unknown (collectively, "  Claims  "), relating to any such matters described in this Section 5, and forever waives any and all such Claims against the Released Parties. 
  (b)        Survival  .  Any provision in this Agreement or in the Deed to the contrary notwithstanding, the covenants, agreements and obligations of Buyer set forth in this Section 5 shall survive Closing. 
  6.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  .  
  (a)        Seller's Representations and Warranties  .  Each Seller entity makes the following representations and warranties (collectively, "  Seller's Warranties  "  )  , to and for the benefit of Buyer, only with respect to such Seller entity, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of the Effective Date and the Closing Date (except (i) to the extent the subject matter of such representation or warranty relates to a particular date specified therein, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of such specified date, and (ii) to the extent such representation or warranty is no longer true as a result of the passage of time and/or the ordinary course of conduct of Seller, provided that Seller has complied with its covenants set forth in this Agreement): 
  (i)        Organization  .  The Seller entity is a limited liability company, organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and in good standing under the laws of the State of Hawaii. 
  (ii)        Authorization  .  The person executing this Agreement on behalf of the Seller entity has full authority and power to execute this Agreement.  All requisite company action has been taken to authorize and approve the execution and delivery of the Deed, the Bill of Sale, the Assignment and Assumption of Contracts and Intangible Property and the Assignment and Assumption of Tenant Leases (collectively, the "  Conveyance Documents  ") and the consummation of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement by the Seller entity.  This Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller and is enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and by general equitable principles (whether or not such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 
  (iii)        Bankruptcy Proceedings  .  There are no actions, voluntary or, to Seller's Knowledge (as defined below) otherwise, pending or threatened against the Seller entity under the bankruptcy, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of the United States, any state thereof or any other jurisdiction.  The Seller entity is not insolvent nor has the Seller entity (A) made a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (B) suffered the appointment of a receiver to take possession of all or substantially all of its assets, (C) suffered the attachment or other judicial seizure of any of its assets, or (D) made any plans to file any voluntary petition in bankruptcy, and will not do so within one hundred eighty calendar days of Closing. 
  
   3119.001/132866 
  9 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

(iv)        Conflicting Agreements  .  Neither the execution or delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transaction contemplated in this Agreement, will conflict with, or result in a breach of, any contract, license, mortgage, agreement, judgment or undertaking to which Seller is a party, or constitute a default thereunder.  To Seller's Knowledge, no consent, approval, waiver or other action by any third party individual, corporation, company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization, including any government or political subdivision or agency or instrumentality thereof, is required or necessary for the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Seller or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby except as may be required in connection with the transfer of Contracts and Intangible Property. 
  (v)        Proceedings  .  As of the Effective Date, Seller is not a party to any litigation, arbitration or other court proceeding affecting title to the Property, or any portion thereof, or that would adversely affect Seller's ability to consummate the transaction as contemplated by this Agreement, nor, to Seller's Knowledge, is any such litigation, arbitration or other court proceeding threatened. 
  (vi)        No Condemnation  .  As of the Effective Date, Seller has not received written notice of any pending or threatened condemnation, eminent domain or similar proceedings currently affecting the Real Property, or any portion thereof. 
  (vii)        Compliance with Laws  .  Except as may be provided in Section 6(a)(xxi) hereof or as may be disclosed by that certain Zoning Report dated August 3, 2016 prepared by Zoning Info, Inc. (the "  Zoning Report  ")  , as of the Effective Date, Seller has not received any uncured written notice from any Governmental Authority (as defined below) that the Property, or any portion thereof, or the operation or use of the same, is in violation of any statutes, laws, ordinances, rules, regulations or orders affecting the ownership, use, and/or construction of the Property, or any portion thereof, and, to Seller's Knowledge, no such violation exists. 
  (viii)        Zoning/Subdivision Applications  .  There is no pending application submitted by Seller to the City and County of Honolulu to change the zoning district of the Land or any portion thereof, or to subdivide the Land into two or more smaller lots.  To Seller's Knowledge, the Property is used exclusively for commercial, retail, food establishment and office use and other appurtenant and related uses.  Except as may be disclosed by the Zoning Report, as of the Effective Date, Seller has not received any uncured written notice of pending or threatened legal proceedings with respect to the zoning of the Real Property or compliance with restrictions, covenants and conditions affecting the Real Property.  To Seller's Knowledge, as of the Effective Date (A) neither the zoning nor any other right to construct, use or operate the Real Property is in any way dependent upon or related to any other property, (B) all certifications, permits, licenses and approvals, including without limitation, certificates of completion and occupancy permits required of Seller for the legal use, occupancy and operation of the Real Property for its current use have been obtained and are in full force and effect and (C) the use being made of the Real Property is in conformity with the certificate of occupancy issued for the Real Property and is not in  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  10 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

violation of any other restrictions, covenants and conditions affecting the Real Property except as may be expressly stated in the Zoning Report, the Physical Conditions Report (as defined in the Loan Agreement) or the Environmental Report. 
  (ix)        Rent Roll  .  The rent roll attached hereto as   Schedule "6(a)(ix)"   is true and complete as of the Effective Date and is the actual rent roll prepared and used by Seller in connection with its management of the Property. 
  (x)        Tenant Leases  .  Prior to the date hereof, Seller has delivered to Buyer copies of all Tenant Leases in effect as of the Effective Date.  The copies of the Tenant Leases so delivered to Buyer are true and correct copies of the Tenant Leases, and the Tenant Leases shown on   Schedule "6(a)(x)"   are all of the Tenant Leases in effect at the Real Property as of the Effective Date.  As of the Effective Date, except as shown on   Schedule "6(a)(x)"  , (A) there are no outstanding leasing commissions or other compensation payable in connection with any Tenant Lease (or which will, with the passage of time or occurrence of any event or both, be payable), and there are no outstanding Tenant Inducement Costs (as defined below) payable in connection with any Tenant Lease; (B) all of the Tenant Leases are currently in full force and effect; (C) none of the Tenant Leases has been amended or modified; (D) no uncured notices of default have been sent by or on behalf of Seller, or received by Seller, in connection with any Tenant Lease; and (E) to Seller s Knowledge, neither landlord nor any tenant is in material default of any of their respective obligations under any Tenant Lease.  "  Tenant     Inducement Costs  " means any payments required under a Tenant Lease to be paid by the landlord thereunder to or for the benefit of the tenant thereunder for tenant improvements costs, lease buyout costs, moving, design and refurbishment allowances or other similar costs. 
  (xi)        Contracts  .  Seller has delivered or made available to Buyer copies of all Contracts.  The copies of the Contracts delivered or made available to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement are true and correct copies thereof.  The Contracts shown on   Schedule "6(a)(xi)"   are all of the Contracts in effect with respect to the Property as of the Effective Date and none have been modified except as shown on   Schedule "6(a)(xi)"  .  As of the Effective Date, all of the Contracts are in full force and effect and, to Seller s Knowledge, no party to any Contract is in material default of any of its obligations under such Contract.  
  (xii)        OFAC  .  No Seller entity, or, to Seller's Knowledge, any of its affiliates, or any of their respective members, partners or shareholders is, nor prior to Closing, or the earlier termination of this Agreement, will become, a person or entity with whom U.S. persons or entities are restricted from doing business under the regulations of the Office of Foreign Assets Control ("  OFAC  ") of the Department of the Treasury (including those named on OFAC's Specially Designated Blocked Persons List) or under any U.S. statute, executive order (including the September 24, 2001, Executive Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit or Support Terrorism), or other governmental action; provided, however, Seller makes no representation of the foregoing with respect to any public shareholder. 
  
   3119.001/132866 
  11 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

(xiii)        Title  .  Seller has good, marketable and insurable fee simple title to the Real Property, free and clear as of the Closing of all Liens except the Permitted Exceptions and the Financial Encumbrances to be cured or removed in accordance with this Agreement.  Except for tenants under the Tenant Leases and parties under Permitted Exceptions, no party other than Seller has any right to occupy any portion of the Real Property.  To Seller's Knowledge, all conveyance taxes, transfer taxes, deed stamps, intangible taxes or other amounts in the nature of transfer taxes required to be paid under applicable legal requirements in connection with the leasing of the Real Property and transfer of the Real Property to Seller have been paid.  No real property taxes and governmental assessments in respect of the Real Property are past due.  To Seller's Knowledge, as of the Effective Date, the Land is comprised of one (1) or more parcels which constitute separate tax lots and do not constitute a portion of any other tax lot not a part of the Land.  To Seller's Knowledge, as of the Effective Date, there are no pending or proposed special or other assessments for public improvements or otherwise affecting the Real Property, nor are there any contemplated improvements to the Real Property that may result in such special or other assessments. 
  (xiv)        Physical Condition  .  To Seller's Knowledge, except as may be expressly set forth in the Physical Conditions Report (as defined in the Loan Agreement) or the Zoning Report, as of the Effective Date, (A) the Real Property, including all improvements, parking facilities, sidewalks, storm drainage systems, roofs, plumbing systems, HVAC systems, fire protection systems, electrical systems, equipment, elevators, exterior sidings and doors, landscaping, irrigation systems and all structural components, is in good condition, order and repair in all material respects, and (B) there exists no structural or other material defects or damages in the Real Property, whether latent or otherwise, and Seller has not received any notice from any insurance company or bonding company of any defects or inadequacies in the Property, or any part thereof, which would adversely affect the insurability of the same or cause the imposition of extraordinary premiums or charges thereon or any termination or threatened termination of any policy of insurance or bond. 
  (xv)        Boundaries; Easements; Utilities and Public Access  .  To Seller's Knowledge, except as disclosed in the Survey, as of the Effective Date, (A) the Improvements lie wholly within the boundaries and building restriction lines of the Land, and no improvements on adjoining properties encroach upon the Land and (B) all easements, cross easements, licenses, air rights and rights-of-way or other similar property interests (collectively, "  Easements  "), if any, necessary for the operation of the Project are described in the PTR and are in full force and effect.  The Real Property has rights of access to public ways and is served by water, sewer, sanitary sewer and storm drain facilities adequate to service the Project.  To Seller's Knowledge, all public utilities necessary or convenient to the full use and enjoyment of the Project are located in the public right-of-way abutting the Real Property.  The Real Property has access to public roads. 
  (xvi)        Options to Purchase  .  Seller has not granted, and to Seller's Knowledge, no other person or entity has, any conditional or unconditional right and/or option to purchase or ground lease the Property or any interest therein except as provided in connection with the Loan. 
  
   3119.001/132866 
  12 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

(xvii)        U.S. Person  .  None of the Seller entities is a "foreign person" within the meaning of Sections 1445(f)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
  (xviii)        HARPTA  .  Each of the Seller entities, through Pacific Office Properties, L.P., is a "resident person" within the meaning of Section 235-68(a) of the Hawaii Revised Statutes, as amended. 
  (xix)        Tax Status  .  Each of the Seller entities and the sole member of each of the Seller entities is a "disregarded entity" for federal and Hawaii income tax purposes and Pacific Office Properties, L.P. is the sole member of the sole member of each Seller entity.  Pacific Office Properties, L.P. is not a disregarded entity for federal or Hawaii income tax purposes and is a "resident person" within the meaning of Section 235-68(a), Hawaii Revised Statutes. 
  (xx)        Taxes  .  All material tax filings necessary to prevent a lien on Seller's interests in the Property have been or will be timely filed by the Closing Date, and taxes due and payable by Seller relating to the Property have or will have been paid by the Closing Date in all cases where the nonpayment or underpayment of such taxes could result in a lien on Seller's interests in the Property.  As of the Effective Date, Seller has not received any written notice of any outstanding audit, examination or other proceeding with respect to taxes or any notice or assessment claiming a deficiency of taxes. 
  (xxi)        Environmental Representations  .  Except as otherwise disclosed by that certain Phase I Environmental Site Assessment dated July 15, 2016 prepared by ProGEA, Inc. (the    Environmental Report(s)   ), a true and correct copy of which has been delivered to Buyer, Seller hereby represents and warrants that as of the Effective Date, Seller has not received any uncured written notice that any portion of the Real Property is in violation of any of the Environmental Laws and, to Seller s Knowledge, no such violation exists. 
  "  Environmental Laws  " shall have mean any present and future federal, state and local laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations relating to protection of the environment.  The term "Environmental Laws" includes, but is not limited to, the following statutes, as amended, any successor thereto, and any regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, and any state or local statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations and the like addressing similar issues:  the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act; the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act; the Hazardous Substances Transportation Act; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (including, but not limited to, Subtitle I relating to underground storage tanks); the Solid Waste Disposal Act; the Clean Water Act; the Clean Air Act; the Toxic Substances Control Act; the Safe Drinking Water Act; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and those relating to lead based paint.  The term "Environmental Laws" also includes, but is not limited to, any present and future federal, state and local laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations and guidance, as well as common law, conditioning transfer of property upon a negative declaration or other approval of a Governmental Authority of the environmental condition of the Property; requiring notification or disclosure of Releases of Hazardous Substances or other  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  13 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

environmental condition of a property to any Governmental Authority or other person, whether or not in connection with any transfer of title to or interest in such property. 
  The term "Governmental Authority" shall have the meaning set forth in the Loan Agreement and the following terms shall each have the meanings set forth in the Environmentally Indemnity  (as defined in the Loan Agreement):     Governmental Authority   ,    Hazardous Substances   ,    Release   ,    Remediation    and    Toxic Mold   . 
  (xxii)        No Material Adverse Effect  .  To Seller's Knowledge, no statement of fact made by Seller in this Agreement or any document executed by Seller pursuant hereto or in connection herewith, including, without limitation, the Conveyance Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make statements contained herein or therein not misleading.  There is no fact presently known to the Designated Individual (as defined below) which has not been disclosed to Buyer in writing which has or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the use, value or operation of the Property, Seller's interest therein or the ability of Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 
  As used in this Agreement and with respect to each Seller entity, the term "  to Seller's Knowledge  " or words to that effect, means, as of the Effective Date, to the actual knowledge (and not any implied, imputed or constructive knowledge) of Lawrence J. Taff, President and Chief Executive Officer of Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. (the "  Designated Individual  ") and shall not be construed, by imputation or otherwise, to refer to the knowledge of Seller, or any Seller Representative, or to impose upon such Designated Individual any duty to investigate the matter to which such actual knowledge, or the absence thereof, pertains.  Prior to Closing, Seller may designate, by notice in writing to Buyer, an additional individual as the Designated Individual, provided that the individual has similar authority over Seller as Lawrence J. Taff.  Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, there shall be no personal liability on the part of the Designated Individual arising out of any representation or warranty made in this Agreement. 
  (b)        Survival of Seller's Representations and Warranties  .  The representations and warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement shall survive Closing and not be merged therein for a period of twelve months after Closing, and Seller shall only be liable to Buyer hereunder for actual damages suffered by a breach of any warranty or representation set forth in this Agreement or in a Seller Estoppel Certificate with respect to which a claim is made by Buyer against Seller by filing an action in the Circuit Court of the First Circuit, State of Hawaii, or in the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii on or before the date that is twelve months after the Closing Date.  Any provision in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the maximum aggregate liability of Seller (in the aggregate for all Seller entities) for breaches of Seller's warranties and representations set forth in this Agreement and/or in the Seller Estoppel Certificates shall be limited to TWO MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND NO/100 U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $2,500,000.00), provided, however, the foregoing shall not limit or restrict the warranties of title expressly set forth in the Deed or Buyer's remedies for a breach of Seller's obligations under Section 11 (Prorations and Adjustments) hereof.   
  
   3119.001/132866 
  14 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

(c)        Buyer's Representations and Warranties  .  Buyer makes the following representations and warranties, to and for the benefit of Seller, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of the Effective Date and the Closing Date  (except as otherwise stated below): 
  (i)        Organization  .  Buyer is a Hawaii corporation, organized, validly existing and in good standing, under the laws of its state of formation. 
  (ii)        Authorization  .  The person executing this Agreement on behalf of Buyer has full authority and power to execute this Agreement.  All requisite corporate and other action has been taken to authorize and approve the execution and delivery of the Conveyance Documents and the consummation of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement by Buyer.  This Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of Buyer and is enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and by general equitable principles (whether or not such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 
  (iii)        Bankruptcy Proceedings  .  To Buyer's knowledge, there are no actions, voluntary or otherwise, pending or threatened against Buyer under the bankruptcy, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of the United States, any state thereof or any other jurisdiction.  Buyer is not insolvent nor has Buyer (A) made a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (B) suffered the appointment of a receiver to take possession of all or substantially all of its assets, (C) suffered the attachment or other judicial seizure of any of its assets, or (D) made any plans to file any voluntary petition in bankruptcy, and will not do so within one hundred eighty calendar days of Closing. 
  (iv)        Conflicting Agreements  .  Neither the execution nor delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transaction contemplated in this Agreement, will conflict with, or result in a breach of, any contract, license or undertaking to which Buyer is a party, or constitute a default thereunder.    No consent, approval, waiver or other action by any individual, corporation, company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization, including any government or political subdivision or agency or instrumentality thereof, is required or necessary for the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Buyer or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
  (v)        Proceedings  .  To Buyer's knowledge, no legal or administrative proceeding is pending or threatened against Buyer which would adversely affect its ability to consummate the transaction as contemplated in this Agreement. 
  (vi)        Prohibited Persons and Transactions  .  Neither Buyer, nor, to Buyer's knowledge, any of its affiliates, nor any of their respective members, partners or shareholders is, nor prior to Closing, or the earlier termination of this Agreement, will become, a person or entity with whom U.S. persons or entities are restricted from doing business under the regulations of the OFAC (including those named on OFAC's Specially Designated Blocked  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  15 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

Persons List) or under any U.S. statute, executive order (including the September 24, 2001, Executive Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit or Support Terrorism), or other governmental action; provided, however, Buyer makes no representation of the foregoing with respect to any public shareholder.  
  7.  SELLER COVENANTS  .  In addition to the other agreements and covenants of Seller set forth in this Agreement, Seller covenants and agrees as follows with respect to the period from the Effective Date through Closing: 
  (a)        Maintenance and Operation of the Property  .  Seller shall cause the Property to be maintained and operated in the ordinary and usual course of business, consistent with Seller's past practice and subject to and in accordance with Seller's obligations under Sections 4.3 (Liens), 4.5 (Existence; Compliance with Legal Requirements), 4.6 (Taxes and Other Charges), 4.12 (Repairs; Maintenance and Compliance; Alterations), 4.14 (Property Management), 4.16 (Licenses; Intellectual Property; Website), 4.22 (Business and Operations) and 4.33 (Zoning) of the Loan Agreement applicable to the Property.  Further, Seller shall not convey its title to the Property, or any portion thereof, to any other party. 
  (b)        Contracts  .  Without limiting the provisions of Section 7(a) hereof, Seller shall comply with Seller's obligations under Section 4.13 (Approval of Major Contracts) of the Loan Agreement. 
  (c)        Leases; New Leases; Lease Amendments  .  Without limiting the provisions of Section 7(a) hereof, Seller shall conduct leasing activities relating to the Property subject to and in accordance with Section 4.11 (Leases) of the Loan Agreement. 
  (d)        Access to the Property  .  Seller shall permit agents, representatives, consultants and employees of Buyer to monitor the Property or any part thereof at reasonable hours upon reasonable advance notice (which may be given verbally).  Buyer or its agents, representatives, consultants and employees as part of any monitoring may take soil, air, water, building material and other samples from the Property, subject to the rights of tenants under Tenant Leases; provided, however, that in no event may Buyer conduct or cause to be conducted any boring, drilling, destruction, removal or opening of any portion of the Land or the Improvements. 
  (e)        Access to Books and Records  .  Seller shall provide Buyer with the reports and other materials and information with respect to the Property required to be provided by Borrower under, and pursuant to, Section 4.9 (Financial Reporting) of the Loan Agreement. 
  (f)        Property Management  .  Seller agrees that following Closing, Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the property manager hired by Seller to cooperate in any transition of the property management responsibilities with respect to the Property to Buyer's property manager for a period of three months following Closing.  Buyer shall reimburse Seller for the fees and costs actually charged by Seller's property manager for such transition services. 
  
   3119.001/132866 
  16 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

(g)        Environmental  .  Seller covenants and agrees that:  (a) all uses and operations on or of the Real Property by Seller, tenants under the Tenant Leases, vendors under the Contracts or any other person claiming by, through or under Seller shall be in compliance with all Environmental Laws and permits issued pursuant thereto; (b) there shall be no Releases of Hazardous Substances in, on, under or from the Real Property in violation of Environmental Laws by Seller, tenants under the Tenant Leases, vendors under the Contracts or any other person claiming by, through or under Seller; (c) there shall be no Hazardous Substances in, on or under the Property caused by Seller, tenants under the Tenant Leases, vendors under the Contracts or any other person claiming by, through or under Seller, except those that are both (A) in compliance with all Environmental Laws and, to the extent required thereby, with permits issued pursuant thereto and (B) have been disclosed to Buyer in writing on or before the date of this Agreement; (d) Seller shall, at its sole cost and expense, keep the Real Property free and clear of all liens and encumbrances on the Real Property imposed pursuant to any Environmental Law, whether due to any act or omission of Seller or any other person (the    Environmental Liens    (e) Seller shall, at its sole cost and expense, perform any environmental site assessment or other investigation of environmental conditions in connection with the Real Property pursuant to any good faith request from Buyer made in connection with a reasonable belief by Buyer that an environmental issue may exist at the Property (including, but not limited to, sampling, testing and analysis of soil, water, air, building materials and other materials and substances whether solid, liquid or gas) and share with Buyer the reports and other results thereof, and Buyer shall be entitled to rely on such reports and other results thereof; (f) Seller shall, at its sole cost and expense, comply with all reasonable written requests of Buyer to (I) effectuate Remediation of any environmental condition that violates an Environmental Law (including, but not limited to, a Release of a Hazardous Substance) in, on, under or from the Property directly caused by Seller, tenants under the Tenant Leases, vendors under the Contracts or any other person claiming by, through or under Seller; (II) comply with any Environmental Law applicable to the Property; (III) comply with any directive applicable to or relating to the Real Property from any Governmental Authority to remediate an environmental condition caused by Seller, tenants under the Tenant Leases, vendors under the Contracts or any other person claiming by, through or under Seller; and/or (IV) take any other reasonable action necessary or appropriate for protection of human health or the environment relating to the Property; (g) Seller shall not, or affirmatively permit or allow, and Seller shall, at its sole cost and expense, take reasonably necessary steps to prevent any owner, tenant or other permitted user of the Real Property from taking, any act that increases the dangers to human health or the environment in any material respect, poses an unreasonable risk of harm to any Person on the Property, impairs or is reasonably likely to impair the value, use or utility of such Property, is contrary to any requirement of any insurer providing coverage for the Property or Seller, violates any covenant, condition, agreement or easement applicable to the Property; (h) Seller shall promptly commence and diligently perform to completion all work required to be undertaken under all Legal Requirements in connection with the occupancy and/or use of the Real Property by Seller, tenants under the Tenant Leases, vendors under the Contracts or any other person claiming by, through or under Seller; (i) Seller shall, at its sole cost and expense, obtain Buyer's prior written consent to any contract relating to environmental matters at the Property, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; (j) in the event that any inspection or audit reveals the presence of Toxic Mold in the indoor air of the Property at concentrations exceeding ambient air levels or visible Toxic Mold on any building materials or surfaces at the Real Property for which any  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  17 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

Governmental Authority recommends or requires removal thereof by remediation professionals, Seller shall, at its sole cost and expense, immediately remediate the Toxic Mold and perform post-remedial clearance sampling in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements and guidelines, following which abatement of the Toxic Mold, Seller shall prepare and implement (or cause to be prepared and implemented) an Operations and Maintenance Plan for Toxic Mold and Moisture acceptable to Buyer and in accordance with the guidelines issued by the National Multifamily Housing Council or guidelines applicable to commercial and office property; (k) Seller shall reasonably promptly notify Buyer in writing if Seller becomes aware of (1) any presence or Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Substances in, on, under, from or migrating towards the Property or into any buildings on the Property; (2) any non-compliance with any Environmental Laws related in any way to the Property; (3) any actual or potential Environmental Lien encumbering or potentially encumbering the Property; (4) any required or proposed Remediation of environmental conditions applicable to the Property; and/or (5) any written notice or other communication from any source whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any Governmental Authority) or oral notice from any Governmental Authority of which Seller becomes aware relating to the Property and relating in any way to Hazardous Substances or Remediation of Hazardous Materials thereof, possible liability of any person pursuant to any Environmental Law, other environmental conditions in connection with the Property or any actual or potential administrative or judicial proceedings in connection with anything referred to in this Section; and (l) upon the discovery by Seller of any underground storage tanks on the Property during Seller's excavation or construction work with regard to the Property, give Buyer prompt written notice thereof and upon the request of Buyer, in its sole but good faith discretion, remove such underground storage tanks from the Property in accordance with all Environmental Laws. 
     Legal Requirements    means all federal, state, county, municipal and other governmental statutes, laws, rules, orders, regulations, ordinances, judgments, decrees and injunctions of Governmental Authorities in connection with Environmental Laws affecting the Real Property or any part thereof or the construction, use, alteration or operation thereof, or any part thereof, whether now or hereafter enacted and in force. 
  (h)        Insurance  .  Seller shall comply with the provisions of Section 5.1 (Insurance) of the Loan Agreement applicable to the Property. 
  8.  CONDITIONS TO CLOSING  . 
  (a)        Buyer's Conditions Precedent  .  Seller and Buyer agree that Buyer's obligation to complete and consummate the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, and to proceed with Closing hereunder, is subject to the satisfaction on or before Closing of each of the following conditions precedent: 
  (i)        Seller's Estoppel Certificates  .  Seller shall have delivered to Buyer the Seller Estoppel Certificates required under Section 4(m) hereof. 
  (ii)        Seller's Performance  .  There is no breach of a Seller covenant set forth in this Agreement that has a material adverse effect on the Project, all documents to be delivered  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  18 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

by Seller under Section 10 hereof at or prior to Closing shall have been delivered and Seller shall have deposited into Escrow all sums to be deposited by Seller prior to Closing. 
  (iii)        Buyer's Title Policy  .  Buyer shall have received the Title Company's confirmation of its intention to issue Buyer's Title Policy in accordance with the Title Policy Commitment, effective as of Closing; provided that Buyer shall act in diligent good faith to cause such confirmation. 
  (iv)        No Legal Actions  .  No bona fide action or proceeding which seeks to set aside the performance of Buyer's or Seller's obligations hereunder shall have been instituted or threatened by anyone not a party to this Agreement. 
  Neither Seller nor Buyer shall act or fail to act for the intended purpose of permitting or causing any of the foregoing conditions to Buyer's obligations to fail.  If any of the foregoing conditions to Buyer's obligations have not been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Closing Date, and such condition has not previously been waived by Buyer, Buyer may elect to (A) waive any condition set forth above in this Section 8(a) and proceed with Closing in accordance with this Agreement (provided all other conditions precedent have been either waived or satisfied as provided in this Agreement), (B) in the event of failure of the conditions set forth in clauses (iii) or (iv) above, terminate this Agreement by providing written notice thereof to Seller, in which event the provisions of Section 9 hereof shall apply, or (C) in the event of failure of the conditions set forth in clauses (i) or (ii) above exercise the remedies available to Buyer upon a default by Seller as provided in Section 12(b) hereof pursuant to and in accordance with Section 12(b).  If Buyer fails to take action under clauses (A), (B) or (C) above by providing written notice thereof to Seller no later than five (5) business days after the Scheduled Closing Date, such failure shall be deemed an election by Buyer to waive the condition and proceed with Closing in accordance with this Agreement. 
  (b)        Seller's Conditions Precedent  .  Seller and Buyer agree that Seller's obligation to complete and consummate the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, and to proceed with Closing hereunder, is subject to the satisfaction on or before Closing of the following conditions precedent: 
  (i)        Closing Obligations  .  All documents to be delivered by Buyer under Section 10 hereof at or prior to Closing shall have been delivered and Buyer shall have deposited into Escrow all sums to be deposited by Buyer prior to Closing, including without limitation, the Closing Payment in accordance with Section 2(b) hereof. 
  (ii)        No Legal Actions  .  No bona fide action or proceeding which seeks to set aside the performance of Buyer's or Seller's obligations hereunder shall have been instituted or threatened by anyone not a party to this Agreement. 
  Neither Seller nor Buyer shall act or fail to act for the intended purpose of permitting or causing any of the foregoing conditions to Seller's obligations to fail.  If any of the foregoing conditions to Seller's obligations have not been satisfied on or before the Scheduled Closing Date, and such condition has not previously been waived by Seller, Seller may elect to (X) waive any  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  19 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

condition set forth above in this Section 8(b) and proceed with Closing in accordance with this Agreement (provided all other conditions precedent have been either waived or satisfied as provided in this Agreement), (Y) in the event of failure of the conditions set forth in clause (ii) above, terminate this Agreement by providing written notice thereof to Buyer, in which event the provisions of Section 9 hereof shall apply, or (Z) in the event of failure of the conditions set forth in clause (i) above, exercise the remedies available to Seller upon a default by Buyer as provided in Section 12(a) hereof pursuant to and in accordance with Section 12(a).  If Seller fails to take action under clauses (X), (Y) or (Z) above by providing written notice thereof to Buyer no later than five business days after the Scheduled Closing Date, such failure shall be deemed an election by Seller to waive the condition and proceed with Closing in accordance with this Agreement. 
  (c)        Hart-Scott-Rodino Act  .  Buyer and Seller agree that compliance with the reporting requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, 15 U.S.C. Section 17 (the "  Hart-Scott Act  "), as amended, is not required for the transactions contemplated under this Agreement.  If the Federal Trade Commission or United States Department of Justice should determine that the transaction contemplated by this Agreement is subject to the reporting requirements of the Hart-Scott Act, then each Party shall forthwith proceed to make the required reporting and filings and take all other actions necessary or advisable to comply with the Hart-Scott Act and the rules and regulations thereunder as expeditiously as reasonably possible.  Any filing fees shall be shared equally by Buyer and Seller. 
  9.  TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT  .  If this Agreement is terminated for any reason expressly provided under the terms of this Agreement other than in accordance with Section 12 hereof, (a) all documents deposited with Escrow Agent by Buyer shall be returned to Buyer, and all documents deposited with Escrow Agent by Seller shall be returned to Seller, (b) each Party shall pay one-half the amount of any fees, charges and expenses incurred or charged by Escrow Agent in connection with Escrow and (c) neither Party shall have any further obligations to the other hereunder, except for those obligations and indemnities which are expressly stated to survive termination of this Agreement.  
  10.  CLOSING  . 
  (a)        Closing Date  .  As used in this Agreement, the term "  Closing Date  " shall mean the date on which Closing occurs, and the term "  Closing  " shall refer to the recordation of the Deed, the delivery of the other Closing Documents (as defined below), and the final disbursal of funds by Escrow Agent, all in accordance with this Agreement.  Closing shall take place on the date that is two years after the Effective Date (or if such date is not a business day, the first business day thereafter), or such earlier date (1) as may be specified by Seller by not less than sixty days' advance written notice to Buyer, provided that any such earlier date specified by Seller shall be at least six months after the Effective Date and provided further that Seller shall have agreed to reimburse Buyer the amount of any "Pan Am Make Whole Amount" (as defined in the Co-Lender Agreement (as defined in the Loan Agreement) as of the Effective Date) payment that Buyer may be obligated to pay under the Co-Lender Agreement in connection with such earlier Scheduled Closing Date (such Seller agreement shall be subject to Seller's approval of the amount of and terms of such payment), or (2) as may be specified by Buyer by not less than sixty days' advance written notice  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  20 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

to Seller following an Event of Default (as defined in the Loan Agreement) beyond any applicable notice and cure period under the Loan Agreement, provided that any such earlier date specified by Buyer pursuant to this subsection (2) shall be no earlier than March 18, 2018 (and provided that such right of Buyer shall not be in limitation of any right of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement) (the "  Scheduled Closing Date  ").  Five (5) business days prior to the Closing, Escrow Agent shall deliver to each of the parties for their review and approval a preliminary closing statement (the "  Preliminary Closing Statement  ") setting forth all prorations, allocations, closing costs and payments of moneys relating to the Closing of the transactions contemplated hereby.  Based on each of the Party's comments, if any, regarding the Preliminary Closing Statement, Escrow Agent shall revise the Preliminary Closing Statement and deliver a final, signed version of a closing statement to each of the Parties at the Closing (the "  Closing Statement  ").  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the Parties fail to provide to Escrow Agent all of the information required for the preparation of the Preliminary Closing Statement or the Closing Statement, such failure shall not prevent the Closing hereunder, and any prorations, allocations, closing costs and payments of moneys relating to the Closing not reflected in the Closing Statement shall be addressed pursuant to   Section 11(d)  .    
  (b)        Execution and Delivery of Closing Documents  .  Concurrently herewith, Seller and/or Buyer as appropriate, shall execute (with notary acknowledgment, as applicable) and submit to Escrow Agent the following items, which, except for the resolutions referred to in Section 10(b)(viii) below, shall remain undated (provided that any notary acknowledgment may be dated as of the date such document is acknowledged) (items (i)   (viii) below, collectively, the "  Closing Documents  "): 
  (i)        Deed  .  Three counterpart originals of the Deed. 
  (ii)        Conveyance Tax Certificate  .  One original of a conveyance tax certificate (State of Hawaii Form P-64A) to accompany the Deed. 
  (iii)        Bill of Sale  .  Two counterpart originals of the Bill of Sale. 
  (iv)        Assignment and Assumption of Contracts and Intangible Property  .  Two counterpart originals of the Assignment and Assumption of Contracts and Intangible Property. 
  (v)        Assignment and Assumption of Tenant Leases  .  Two counterpart originals of the Assignment and Assumption of Tenant Leases. 
  (vi)        FIRPTA Affidavit  .  A non-foreign affidavit pursuant to Section 1445(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, of each Seller entity in form and substance sufficient to exempt Buyer from the withholding of tax under Section 1445(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
  (vii)        HARPTA Certificate  .  A  Hawaii Department of Taxation Form N-289 (or any successor to such form) for each of the Seller entities, certifying that each entity, through  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  21 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

Pacific Office Properties, L.P., is a  resident person  as that term is defined in Section 235-68(a), Hawaii Revised Statutes. 
  (viii)        Resolutions; Evidence of Authority  .  Resolutions (or the required consent) of each Seller entity and Buyer, dated on or prior to the Effective Date, authorizing the purchase and sale of the Property pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and authorizing the person(s) executing instruments or agreements relating to such purchase and sale to execute, acknowledge and deliver such instruments and agreements on behalf of such entity. 
  (ix)        Memorandum of Purchase Agreement  .  The Memorandum of Purchase Agreement (as defined below) and the Release of Memorandum of Purchase Agreement (as defined below). 
  (c)        Seller's Closing Deliveries  .  Prior to the Scheduled Closing Date (and within such timeframe as may be more specifically provided herein or required by Escrow Agent) Seller shall cause to be delivered the following items: 
  (i)        Closing Costs  .  To Escrow Agent, Seller's share of the closing costs and such other amounts, if any, that are to be paid by Seller at Closing pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however that if Seller fails to deposit such amounts with Escrow Agent within the timeframe set forth herein, Buyer may, in its sole discretion, deposit such amounts with Escrow Agent and Seller shall reimburse Buyer for such amount within five (5) business days following Buyer's demand therefore, and any amount not so paid shall accrue interest at a rate of ten percent (10%) per annum from the date incurred until paid by Seller. 
  (ii)        Updated Exhibits and Schedules  .  To Escrow Agent, an update to each of the schedules and/or exhibits for each of the Deed, Bill of Sale, Assignment and Assumption of Contracts and Intangible Property and Assignment and Assumption of Tenant Leases (or written acknowledgement that no such update is required) required to make such schedules/exhibits accurate as of the Closing, which updates shall replace the applicable schedules and/or exhibits to the applicable Closing Documents and shall constitute and become part of such Closing Document as of the Closing Date. 
  (iii)        Tax Clearance Certificate  .  To Escrow Agent, a State of Hawaii Department of Taxation Tax Clearance Certificate for each Seller entity by the State of Hawaii Department of Taxation. 
  (iv)        Report of Bulk Sale or Transfer  . To Escrow Agent, a Report of Bulk Sale or Transfer as required by Section 237-43 of the Hawaii Revised Statutes, as amended, duly executed and filed by each Seller entity and certified by the State of Hawaii Department of Taxation. 
  (v)        Mechanics' Lien Waivers/Affidavits  .  To Escrow Agent, executed mechanics' lien certificates or other assurances of payment of amounts due as of Closing with respect to the Real Property as are customarily required by the Title Company to issue Buyer's Title Policy, if applicable. 
  
   3119.001/132866 
  22 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

(vi)        Parties in Possession Affidavits/Certificates  . To Escrow Agent, executed certificates regarding parties in possession as are customarily required by the Title Company to issue Buyer's Title Policy, if applicable. 
  (vii)        Original Documents  .  To Buyer, originals (or where appropriate, copies) of the Contracts, the Tenant Leases, and, as applicable, the Intangible Property to the extent the same are in Seller's possession or control.  Buyer shall cooperate with Seller for a period of seven years after Closing in addressing any need of Seller to respond to any legal requirement, tax audit, or action threatened or brought against Seller, by allowing Seller and its agents or representatives to examine and copy, at Seller's expense, such files and records provided by Seller to Buyer, upon reasonable advance notice and at all reasonable times.  The provisions of this Section 10(c)(vii) shall survive Closing. 
  (viii)        Keys, Access Cards and Combinations  .  To Buyer, all keys, access cards and combinations to locks within the Improvements, or any portion thereof, to the extent the same are in Seller's possession or control and to the extent the same have not previously been delivered to Buyer. 
  (ix)        Notices of Sale  .  To Buyer, notices to tenants under the Tenant Leases and to third parties under the Contracts, executed by Seller, in such form(s) as agreed by Seller and Buyer, pursuant to Section 4(l) hereof. 
  (x)        Letter of Credit Assignments  .  To Escrow Agent, the Letter of Credit Assignments (as defined below), if applicable. 
  (xi)        Good Standing Certificate  .  To Escrow Agent, a certificate of good standing from the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs of the State of Hawaii dated no earlier than ten calendar days prior to the Scheduled Closing Date for each Seller entity showing the Seller entity to be authorized to do business in the State of Hawaii and in good standing under the laws of the State of Hawaii. 
  (xii)        Other Items  .  To Escrow Agent or Buyer, as applicable, any other documents, instruments or agreements called for in this Agreement for Closing which have not previously been delivered, or which are required by Escrow Agent, the Title Company or otherwise to consummate the conveyance of the Property in accordance with this Agreement. 
  To the extent Seller fails to provide any of the documents required to be delivered by Seller pursuant to Section 10(c), Buyer may, in its sole discretion, waive such failure and proceed to the Closing hereunder, in which event Seller shall be responsible for, and Seller's parent, Pacific Office Properties, L.P. ("  Indemnitor  ") hereby agrees to indemnify Buyer against, any costs, losses or damages incurred by Buyer directly as a result of Seller's failure with respect thereof, and Indemnitor shall reimburse Buyer for such costs, losses or damages within ten (10) business days following Buyer's substantiated demand therefore, and any amount not so paid shall accrue interest at a rate of ten percent (10%) per annum from the date incurred until paid by Indemnitor.  The obligations under Section 10(c) shall survive the Closing. 
  
   3119.001/132866 
  23 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

(d)        Buyer's Closing Deliveries  .  Prior to the Scheduled Closing Date (and within such timeframe as may be more specifically provided herein or required by Escrow Agent) Buyer shall cause to be delivered the following items: 
  (i)        Closing Payment  .  To Escrow Agent, the Closing Payment pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof and written confirmation from the holder of Note A-1 and the holder of Note A-2, if applicable, that the credit against the principal balance of Note A-1 and of Note A-2, if applicable, has been made in accordance with Section 2(b) hereof, if applicable. 
  (ii)        Good Standing Certificate  .  To Escrow Agent, a certificate of good standing from the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs of the State of Hawaii dated no earlier than ten calendar days prior to the Scheduled Closing Date showing Buyer to be authorized to do business in the State of Hawaii and in good standing under the laws of the State of Hawaii. 
  (iii)        Other Items  .  To Escrow Agent or Seller, as applicable, any other documents, instruments or agreements called for in this Agreement for Closing which have not previously been delivered, or which are required by Escrow Agent, the Title Company or otherwise to consummate the purchase of the Property in accordance with this Agreement. 
  (e)        Closing Costs  .  Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, Seller shall be responsible for all closing costs incurred by Seller, and Buyer shall be responsible for all closing costs incurred by Buyer, including each of their respective attorneys' fees. 
  (i)        Seller's Closing Costs  .  At Closing (if not earlier paid), Seller shall pay the following:  (A) all recording fees and other costs, if any, for the release from the Property of all Financial Encumbrances and for other releases, discharges or other curative documents which Seller is required to deliver pursuant to this Agreement, (B) the recording fees for the Deed, (C) one-half of the amount of all conveyance taxes payable in connection with the sale by Seller of the Real Property to Buyer, (D) one-half of the amount of Escrow Agent's fees, and (E) one-half of the premium for the base portion (i.e. standard owner's coverage) of Buyer's Title Policy (excluding the premium for any extended coverage and/or any endorsements to Buyer's Title Policy). 
  (ii)        Buyer's Closing Costs  .  At Closing (if not earlier paid), Buyer shall pay the following:  (A) one-half of the amount of all conveyance taxes payable in connection with the sale by Seller of the Real Property to Buyer, (B) one-half of Escrow Agent's fees, and (C) one-half of the premium for the base portion of Buyer's Title Policy, plus the premium for any extended coverage and/or any endorsements to Buyer's Title Policy. 
  (iii)        Other Closing Costs  .  Escrow Agent shall apportion all other closing costs, if any, in a manner customary for real estate transactions of this nature in the State of Hawaii, or, if there is no custom, such other closing costs shall be split equally between Seller and Buyer. 
  
   3119.001/132866 
  24 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

(f)        Closing  .  Following Escrow Agent's receipt of the deliverables required by Buyer pursuant to Section 10(d), the Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that, without the need of any additional consents or authorizations from the Parties, the following shall occur: 
  (i)        Date the Closing Documents  .  Escrow Agent shall cause each of the Closing Documents to be dated as of the Closing Date. 
  (ii)        Recordation  .  Escrow Agent shall cause the Deed to be recorded in the Office of the Assistant Registrar of the Land Court of the State of Hawaii. 
  (iii)        Disbursal of Purchase Price  .  Escrow Agent shall disburse the Note B Paydown Amount to Agent and any portion of the Purchase Price being paid in cash pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof to Agent (pursuant to payment instructions to be provided to Escrow Agent by Agent) to be applied by Agent as  required pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, and, if applicable, to Seller. 
  (iv)        Delivery of Closing Documents  .  Escrow Agent shall deliver fully executed counterpart originals of the Closing Documents to Buyer and to Seller, and shall deliver all other items held in Escrow to the party entitled thereto or benefitted thereby. 
  (v)        Possession  .    Possession of the Property shall be delivered to Buyer, subject to such rights constituting or arising out of the Permitted Exceptions, including, without limitation, the rights of tenants under the Tenant Leases. 
  11.  PRORATIONS AND APPORTIONMENTS  .  
  (a)        Proration and Apportionment  .  The items set forth below shall be prorated and apportioned between Buyer and Seller as provided below.  For purposes of this Section 11, all prorations to occur as of the Closing Date shall be determined as of 12:00 a.m. Hawaii time on the Closing Date, as though Buyer held title to the Property throughout the entire day on which Closing occurs.  Such prorations and adjustments shall be made on the basis of the number of days in the calendar year in which Closing occurs for items payable on an annual or semi-annual basis, and on the number of days in the calendar month in which Closing occurs for items payable on a monthly basis. 
  (i)        Taxes on Gross Receipts  .  Gross income and other taxes and charges, if any, payable on account of any rents and/or income derived from the Project or the business conducted on or within the Project, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Hawaii general excise taxes (but not any taxes based on the net income of Seller, the liability for all of which shall remain with Seller) shall be prorated as of the Closing Date. 
  (ii)        Real Property Taxes  .  All real property taxes and special assessments for the fiscal year in which Closing occurs shall be prorated as of the Closing Date.  If the amount of any such item is not ascertainable on the Closing Date, the proration thereof shall  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  25 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

be based on the most recent available bill or on such other basis as Escrow Agent may require and adjusted as necessary post-Closing pursuant to Section 11(c) and Section 11(d) hereof. 
  (iii)        Personal Property Taxes  .  Buyer shall pay to Seller the amount of any and all sales or similar taxes, if any, payable in connection with the sale of the Personal Property, and Buyer shall execute and deliver any tax returns in connection therewith. 
  (iv)        Prepaid Expenses  .  Buyer shall be charged for those prepaid expenses paid by Seller allocable to any period from and after the Closing Date, including, without limitation, prepaid rents under any equipment lease, annual permit and inspection fees, fees for licenses, advertising expenses, trade association dues and trade subscriptions paid by Seller to third parties to the extent the same are transferable hereunder, are at Buyer's request in fact transferred hereunder to Buyer at Closing and remain on deposit for the benefit of Buyer. 
  (v)        Utility Charges  .  To the extent permitted by the respective utility service, utility services, including without limitation, electrical, water, sewer, telephone and cable, provided to the Real Property in Seller's name shall be terminated effective as of the Closing Date, and Buyer shall be responsible for its own utility services thereafter.  With respect to utility services that cannot be terminated as of the Closing Date, utility charges shall be prorated as of the Closing Date and Seller shall receive a credit for all deposits for such utilities, if any, made by Seller as security to the extent the same are transferable to Buyer.  Where possible, cutoff readings will be secured for all such utilities as of the Closing Date.  To the extent cutoff readings are not available, the cost of such utilities shall be apportioned between the parties on the basis of the latest bill for such service and adjusted as necessary post-Closing pursuant to Section 11(c) and Section 11(d) hereof. 
  (vi)        Other Accounts Payable  .  All other accounts payable and expenses related to operations of the Property which have accrued before the Closing Date shall, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, be paid by Seller on or before the Closing Date or credited to Buyer as a reduction of the Purchase Price. 
  (vii)        Tenant Leases  .  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, rents, together with the amount of Hawaii general excise tax thereon, if applicable, as and when collected (the term "  rents  " as used in this Agreement includes all payments paid by tenants under the Tenant Leases, including without limitation, percentage rent and common area maintenance charges) and all other income from the Project as and when collected shall be prorated as of the Closing Date.  Any additional rent amounts not known at Closing will be part of the post-Closing adjustments contemplated in this Section 11.  All security and other deposits held in cash by Seller as of the Closing Date with respect to the Contracts and the Tenant Leases being conveyed to Buyer at Closing shall be transferred to Buyer at Closing.  Seller shall pay the amount of all tenant lease improvements and tenant leasing commissions that are payable prior to Closing, and Buyer shall pay the amount of all tenant lease improvements and tenant leasing commissions that are payable from and after Closing. 
  
   3119.001/132866 
  26 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

(viii)        Accounts Receivable  .  Buyer shall not acquire accounts receivable from Seller, and there shall be no adjustments or prorations therefor.  Any past due rents or other amounts due under the Tenant Leases prior to Closing paid directly to Seller specifically in settlement of such amounts shall be retained by Seller. 
  (ix)        Other Prorations  .  Other amounts customarily prorated between a seller and buyer, if any, shall be prorated or apportioned between Seller and Buyer as of the Closing Date. 
  (b)        Allocation of Payments Received after Closing Date.    Without limiting the provisions of Sections 11(a)(vii) and (viii) hereof, the following allocations shall be utilized for payments received after Closing from persons having unpaid obligations under the Contracts or the Tenant Leases: 
  (i)        Delinquent rent and other obligations for the period prior to the Closing shall remain the property of Seller.  Payments received by Buyer from tenants or other persons from and after the Closing Date with respect to any such delinquent rent or other obligations shall be applied first to rents and such other obligations owing to Buyer as well as reasonable expenses incurred by Buyer in connection with the collection thereof and the remainder to delinquent rents and other obligations owing to Seller for months prior to the Closing Date.  Buyer shall, during the sixty (60) day period after the Closing, use commercially reasonable efforts to collect delinquent rents for the benefit of Seller (but in no event shall Buyer be required to expend any material sums, institute any suit or action or declare a default under any Lease).  Seller shall not have the right to seek collection by institution of any lawsuit against tenants occupying the Project of any uncollected rents following the Closing.  Upon receipt by either Buyer or Seller of any payment due to the other pursuant to this Agreement, it shall promptly deliver such payment to the other. 
  (c)        Final Proration of Rent, Certain Other Items  .  Without limiting the generality of Section 11(d) hereof, final prorations of rent and charges under the Tenant Leases, including, without limitation, any common area maintenance contributions, operating expenses, air conditioning charges, utility charges, real property taxes and other sums payable by tenants under the Tenant Leases, and other apportionable items which are dependent for their calculation upon the economic performance of the Property (or a portion thereof) over a specified interval of time or which are not due and payable until after the Closing Date (or are adjustable after the Closing Date) shall be accomplished as follows:  Buyer and Seller shall await the expiration of the specified interval to determine the proration, and Seller and Buyer shall then prorate the item by allocating to Seller the product of such apportionable item for the entire interval multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days within the specified interval which occurred before the Closing Date and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the specified interval; provided, however, that all final prorations shall be calculated within one hundred twenty days after the end of the calendar year in which Closing occurs. 
  (d)        Procedure; Post-Closing Adjustment  .  Seller and Buyer shall jointly:  (i) account for all items to be prorated or apportioned pursuant to this Section 11, and (ii) determine the amount  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  27 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

of such prorations and apportionments as provided in this Section 11.  If at any time prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date either Buyer or Seller discovers any items which should have been included in the prorations and apportionments but which were omitted therefrom, or any material error in the computation thereof, such items shall be promptly adjusted as of the Closing Date.  Either Party owing the other Party a sum of money based upon any such adjustment after the Closing Date shall promptly pay that sum to the other Party, together with interest thereon at the rate of eight percent (8%) per annum from the date the amount is determined until the date of payment. 
  (e)        Letters of Credit  .      In   the case of any security deposits under the Tenant Leases held by Seller in the form of letters of credit, such letters of credit, to the extent permitted by the terms thereof, shall be assigned to Buyer at Closing.  At Closing or as soon thereafter as is reasonably possible, with respect to such letters of credit which by their terms are assignable, Seller shall deliver any consents to the assignment of such letters of credit required by the issuing bank(s) (the "  Letter of Credit Assignments  ").  Any fees imposed by such issuing banks in connection with such assignments shall be paid by Seller.  In the case of any such letters of credit which by their terms are not assignable, Seller shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the applicable tenant(s) to replace such letters of credit with ones which are assignable to Buyer.  In furtherance of the foregoing, with respect to those letters of credit which by their terms are not assignable, Seller shall: (i) deliver possession of such non-assignable letters of credit to Buyer at Closing, and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to cause and cooperate with Buyer in Buyer's efforts to cause the applicable tenant(s) to replace such letters of credit with ones which are in the name of Buyer. 
  (f)        Survival  .  The provisions of this Section 11 shall survive Closing. 
  12.  DEFAULT AND REMEDIES  .  
  (a)        Buyer's Default; Seller's Remedies  .  In the event of Buyer's material default in the performance of any obligation or covenant under this Agreement prior to Closing, Seller shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to, as Seller's remedy under this Agreement for such default, terminate this Agreement by written notice to Buyer, whereupon both Seller and Buyer shall be released from all further obligations under this Agreement, except those that expressly survive termination of this Agreement.  The foregoing shall not limit in any way Seller's rights under the Loan Agreement relating to Buyer's default under this Agreement. 
  The provisions of foregoing paragraph notwithstanding, in the event of (i) any Buyer default under Section 25 (Brokers) or 33 (Confidentiality) hereof or (ii) any Buyer default of any provision of this Agreement that survives Closing or earlier termination of this Agreement, Seller may avail itself of any and all remedies available to it at law or in equity, including without limitation, damages.   
  (b)        Seller's Default; Buyer's Remedies  .  If Seller is in default of its obligations to consummate Closing as contemplated by this Agreement or of its covenants or obligations under this Agreement to be performed prior to Closing in any manner that has a material adverse effect on the Project, Buyer shall have the right to elect, in Buyer's sole discretion, one of the following as Buyer s sole and exclusive remedy:  (i) terminate this Agreement by written notice to Seller,  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  28 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

whereupon both Seller and Buyer shall be released from all further obligations under this Agreement, except those that expressly survive termination of this Agreement, and bring an action for damages, provided that Seller shall not be liable for any damages in excess of TWO MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND AND NO/100 U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $2,500,000.00) in the aggregate (it being understood by the Parties that such limit shall not apply to amounts to which Buyer may be entitled to pursuant to Section 31 hereof) or for any consequential, incidental or special damages, or (ii) waive the default and proceed with the purchase of the Property in accordance with this Agreement. 
  The provisions of foregoing paragraph notwithstanding, in the event of any Seller default under Section 25 (Brokers) or 33 (Confidentiality) hereof Buyer may avail itself of any and all remedies available to it at law or equity, including without limitation, damages.  In the event of Seller default of any other provision of this Agreement that survives Closing, Buyer's remedies shall be limited to those set forth in Section 6(b) above. 
  (c)        No Personal Liability  .  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, there shall be no personal liability of the members, managers, partners, shareholders, owners, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants, attorneys and other representatives, as applicable, of Seller or Buyer arising out of or in any way relating to the covenants, obligations, representations, warranties and/or agreements of Seller or Buyer, as applicable, as set forth in this Agreement and/or in any of the Conveyance Documents.  Seller and Buyer acknowledge and agree that the limits and restrictions set forth in this Section 12 have been specifically negotiated and agreed upon by and between Seller and Buyer and that neither Seller nor Buyer would be willing to enter into this Agreement without each other's agreement to these restrictions and that the same are therefore binding and effective upon Seller and Buyer and their respective successors and assigns.  
  (d)        Survival  .  The provisions of this Section 12 shall survive Closing or earlier termination of this Agreement. 
  13.  CASUALTY AND CONDEMNATION  .   
  (a)        Casualty  .  In the event a casualty results in damage to all or any portion of the Real Property, Closing shall occur in accordance with this Agreement, Buyer shall pay in full the Purchase Price, without any abatement thereof or claim against Seller for such loss or damage (except solely that Seller will credit the Purchase Price by the amount of its insurance deductible under any applicable hazard insurance policy), and Seller's rights to any payments to be made under any applicable hazard insurance policies, together with any payments under such policies made to Seller prior to Closing and not expended to repair or replace such loss, damage or destruction shall be automatically assigned to Buyer.   
  Any provision in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if Seller has failed in any material way to maintain the insurance required pursuant to the Loan Agreement, in the event of any casualty resulting in damage to all or any portion of the Real Property, Buyer shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by written notice to Seller, whereupon both Seller and Buyer shall be released from all further obligations under this Agreement, except those that expressly survive  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  29 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

termination of this Agreement, and Seller shall reimburse Buyer for all of Buyer's reasonable out of pocket costs incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder within ten (10) business days following Buyer's demand therefore, and any amount not so paid shall accrue interest at a rate of ten percent (10%) per annum from the date incurred until paid by Seller. 
  (b)        Condemnation  .  If Seller receives notice prior to Closing of any potential eminent domain, or there shall occur any eminent domain, with respect to all or any portion of the Real Property, Closing shall occur in accordance with this Agreement and Buyer shall pay in full the Purchase Price, without any abatement thereof or claim against Seller, and all of Seller's rights, to any condemnation awards paid or payable to Seller shall belong to Buyer and shall be paid over and/or assigned to Buyer at the Closing. 
  (c)        Waiver of Law  .  Buyer and Seller hereby irrevocably waive the provision of any statute that provides for a different income or treatment in the event all or any portion of the Real Property shall be taken or damaged or destroyed by fire or other casualty, including, without limitation, Hawaii Revised Statutes, Chapter 508, the Uniform Vendor and Purchaser Risk Act.  For the avoidance of doubt, the parties intend for the provisions of this Section 13 to supersede any law applicable to the Real Property governing the effect of fire or other casualty and/or condemnation in contracts for real property. 
  14.  NOTICES  .  Any notice, response, consent or waiver to be delivered to or served upon any Party pursuant to this Agreement shall be given in writing by:  (a) personal delivery, (b) reputable overnight delivery service with proof of delivery, (c) United States Mail, postage prepaid, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or (d) legible facsimile transmission with written confirmation of successful transmission, sent to the intended addressee at the address set forth below, or to such other address or to the attention of such other person as the addressee shall have designated by written notice sent in accordance herewith, and shall be deemed to have been given either at the time of personal delivery, or, in the case of expedited delivery service or mail, as of the date of first attempted delivery at the address and in the manner provided herein, or, in the case of facsimile transmission, as of the date of the facsimile transmission provided that an original of such facsimile is also sent to the intended addressee by means described in clauses (a), (b) or (c) above.  To the extent feasible, a copy of each such notice, response, consent or waiver shall also be sent by electronic mail ("  email  ").  Unless changed in accordance with the preceding sentence, the addressees for notices given pursuant to this Agreement shall be as follows: 
  
   3119.001/132866 
  30 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

If to Seller: 
    Pan Am I, LLC 
     Pan Am II, LLC 
  Pan Am III, LLC 
  Pan Am IV, LLC 
  841 Bishop Street, Suite 1700 
  Honolulu, Hawaii  96813 
  Attention:  Kimberly F. Aquino 
  Telephone:  (808) 544-1283 
  Facsimile:  (808) 544-1284 
  Email address:  kaquino@shidler.com 
    
           with a copy to: 
    Schneider Tanaka Radovich Andrew   Tanaka, LLLC 
     1100 Alakea Street, Suite 2100  Honolulu, Hawaii 96813 
  Attention:  Diane Yuen Praywell 
  Telephone:  (808) 792-4200  Facsimile:  (808) 664-8949 
  Email address:  dyp@stratlaw.com 
    
  If to Buyer: 
  Don Quijote (USA) Co., Ltd. 
  801 Kaheka Street 
  Honolulu, Hawaii 96814 
  Attention:  Brian J. Link, Esq. 
  Telephone:  (310) 660-6317 
  Facsimile:  (310) 660-6301 
  Email address:  blink@marukai.com 
    
  with a copy to: 
  Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher   Flom LLP 
  300 South Grand Avenue, 34th Floor 
  Los Angeles, California 90071 
  Attention:  George Fatheree 
  Telephone:  (213) 687-5557 
  Facsimile:  (213) 621-5557 
  Email address:  george.fatheree@skadden.com 
    
  15.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT  .  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Seller and Buyer relating to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, and all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations, negotiations and understandings of Seller and Buyer, oral or written, other than those relating to the Loan, are hereby superseded and merged into this Agreement.  No member, manager, partner, shareholder, owner, director, officer, employee, agent, consultant, attorney or other representatives, as applicable, of either Seller or Buyer has any authority  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  31 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

to make, or has made, any statements, agreements, or representations, either oral or in writing, express or implied, modifying, adding to, or changing the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and neither Seller nor Buyer has relied upon any representations not set forth in this Agreement.  No waiver or amendment of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by both Seller and Buyer.  This Section 15 shall not be construed or interpreted as affecting the validity of any instrument executed by Seller and Buyer in the form of any of the exhibits attached to this Agreement, or as otherwise required to consummate the transaction contemplated by this Agreement. 
  16.  BINDING EFFECT  .   This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and assigns, subject to the provisions of Section 17 hereof. 
  17.  ASSIGNMENT  .  Except as contemplated by the Loan Agreement or any of the Loan Documents (as defined in the Loan Agreement), neither Buyer nor Seller shall assign, transfer or convey its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, which such other Party may withhold or condition in its sole discretion.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer may, without Seller's consent, assign this Agreement to an affiliated entity that is controlled and owned by or under common control and ownership with Buyer; provided that any assignment of Buyer's interest hereunder shall be pursuant to a written assignment and assumption delivered to Seller, wherein the assignee shall assume and agree to pay and perform all of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Agreement to be paid or performed by Buyer hereunder; and provided further that no such assignment shall release or relieve Buyer of its liabilities and obligations under this Agreement. 
  18.  APPLICABLE LAW  .  This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Hawaii, without regard to any otherwise applicable principles of conflict of laws.  Seller and Buyer hereby agree and stipulate that any suit or action arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought in the Circuit Court of the First Circuit, State of Hawaii, or in the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii, and the Parties each hereby unconditionally submit to the jurisdiction of such courts for such purposes.  Each Party hereto irrevocably waives to the fullest extent permitted by law any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any judicial proceeding brought in such courts and any claim that any such judicial proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
  19.  TIME OF ESSENCE  .  Time is of the essence of each and every provision of this Agreement. 
  20.  CALCULATION OF TIME PERIODS  .  As used in this Agreement, the term "  business day  " shall mean any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or day observed as a legal holiday by the United States federal government, the State of Hawaii or the Japanese federal government.  For the avoidance of doubt, Monday through Friday in Honolulu, Hawaii shall be business days, unless otherwise excluded due to a holiday of the State of Hawaii, the United States federal government or the federal Japanese federal government.  Unless otherwise specified, in computing any period of time described in this Agreement, the day of the act or event after which the designated period of time begins to run is not to be included and the last day of the period so computed is to be included, unless such last day is a Saturday, Sunday or such holiday, in which event the period shall run until  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  32 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

the end of the next day which is neither a Saturday, Sunday or day observed as a legal holiday by the United States federal government, the State of Hawaii or the Japanese federal government.  The final day of any such period shall be deemed to end at 5:00 p.m. Hawaii time.   
  21.  NO WAIVER  .  No waiver by Buyer or Seller of a breach of any of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Agreement by the other shall be construed or held to be a waiver of any succeeding or preceding breach of the same or any other term, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement.  No waiver of any default by Buyer or Seller hereunder shall be implied from any omission by the other to take any action on account of such default if such default persists or is repeated, and no express waiver shall affect a default other than as specified in such waiver. 
  22.  FURTHER ASSURANCES  .  Each of the Parties shall execute and deliver any and all additional papers, documents and assurances, each in such form and substance reasonably acceptable to the executing Party, and shall do all acts and things reasonably necessary, in connection with the performance of their respective obligations hereunder to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 
  23.  COUNTERPARTS  .  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. It shall be fully executed when each Party whose signature is required has signed at least one counterpart even though no one counterpart contains the signature of all the Parties.  Each executed counterpart shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. 
  24.  FACSIMILE/EMAIL SIGNATURES  .  Seller and Buyer agree that facsimile and .pdf email signatures on this Agreement and other documents related to this Agreement shall be binding and effective for all purposes and treated in the same manner as physical signatures.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller and Buyer agree that they will promptly forward physically signed copies of this Agreement and such other documents to Escrow Agent.  However, this Agreement and any other documents containing facsimile or email signatures shall remain binding and effective even if the original documents are not received by Escrow Agent.  The Parties understand that they are required to physically sign the Deed and the accompanying conveyance tax certificate for recordation purposes. 
  25.  BROKERS  .  Upon Closing, and only in the event of Closing, Seller has agreed to pay to Eastdil Secured ("  Seller's Broker  "), a commission through Escrow at Closing pursuant to and in accordance with the separate agreement by and between Seller and Seller's Broker.  Except as described in this Section 25, Seller and Buyer hereby represent and warrant to each other that the warranting Party has not entered into nor will such warranting Party enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any other person or entity which will result in the obligation of the other Party to pay any finder's fee, commission or similar payment in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  Seller will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer from and against any and all claims, costs, damages and/or liabilities, including reasonable attorneys' fees, Buyer ever suffers or incurs because of any breach of representations by Seller under this Section 25 or any claim by any agent, salesperson, or broker, whether or not meritorious, for any fee, commission or other compensation with regard to this Agreement or the sale and purchase of the Property, and arising out of any acts or agreements of Seller, including any claim asserted by  
  
   3119.001/132866 
  33 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

Seller's Broker.  Likewise, Buyer will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Seller from and against any and all claims, costs, damages and/or liabilities, including reasonable attorneys' fees, Seller ever suffers or incurs because of any breach of representations by Buyer under this Section 25 or any claim by any agent, salesperson, or broker, whether or not meritorious, for any fee, commission or other compensation with respect to this Agreement or the sale and purchase of the Property and arising out of the acts or agreements of Buyer.  The provisions of this Section 25 shall survive Closing. 
  26.  CAPTIONS  .  Captions given to various sections in this Agreement, and terms used for definition purposes in this Agreement, are for convenience and reference purposes only and are not intended to and shall not modify or affect the meaning, construction or interpretation of any of the substantive provisions hereof. 
  27.  AMENDMENTS  .  This Agreement may not be amended, modified, extended, revised or otherwise altered, nor may any Party hereto be relieved of any of its liabilities or obligations hereunder, except by a written instrument executed by both Parties.  Any such written instrument entered into in accordance with the provisions of the preceding sentence shall be valid and enforceable notwithstanding the lack of separate legal consideration therefor. 
  28.  MEMORANDUM  .  Buyer may, at its sole cost and expense, record a memorandum of this Agreement in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit "10"   (the "  Memorandum of Purchase Agreement  ") solely for the purpose of providing notice of Buyer's rights hereunder, provided that prior to any such recordation, Buyer shall have deposited into Escrow, for recordation upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, a release of said memorandum in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit "11"   (the "  Release of Memorandum of Purchase Agreement  "). 
  29.  CONSTRUCTION  .  This Agreement shall not be construed more strictly against one Party than against the other merely by virtue of the fact that it may have been prepared by counsel for one of the Parties, it being recognized that both Seller and Buyer have contributed to the preparation of this Agreement. 
  30.  PARTIES NOT PARTNERS  .  Nothing contained in this Agreement or any of the documents or instruments to be executed pursuant hereto shall constitute any one or more of Buyer and its officers, directors, successors and assigns, as partners with, agents for or principals of any one or more of Seller and its officers, directors, successors and assigns. 
  31.  ATTORNEYS' FEES, COSTS AND EXPENSES  .  Except as may otherwise be provided in this Agreement, in any action, proceeding or dispute resolution process arising from, out of or in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, the prevailing party therein shall be entitled to recover from the other party hereto the reasonable costs, expenses and attorneys' fees reasonably incurred by the prevailing party in connection therewith.  Nothing contained in this Section 31 is intended to limit any provision regarding payment of attorneys' fees, costs, expenses and similar matters contained elsewhere in this Agreement or in any document or instrument executed and delivered pursuant to this Agreement.   
  
   3119.001/132866 
  34 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

32.  CUMULATIVE REMEDIES  .  Unless expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, the remedies of the Parties provided for in this Agreement shall be cumulative and concurrent, and may be pursued singly, successively or together, at the sole and absolute discretion of the Party for whose benefit such remedies are provided, and may be exercised as often as occasion therefor shall arise. 
  33.  CONFIDENTIALITY  .  Seller and Buyer agree to maintain confidentiality as to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (but not the existence of this Agreement), except (a) such disclosures to attorneys, accountants, consultants, investors, lenders and others as are reasonably required in order to consummate the transaction contemplated in this Agreement, (b) as provided in Section 34 hereof, or (c) as otherwise required by governmental authority or a court with appropriate jurisdiction.  Buyer shall instruct its consultants, affiliates, professionals, investors, lenders and others engaged by it in connection with the transaction contemplated in this Agreement to abide by the confidentiality provisions of this Section 33.  All non-public information, such as studies and reports relating to the Property obtained by Buyer, either by observations and examinations of its agents, employees or contractors or as disclosed to it by Seller shall remain and be kept strictly confidential.  If the transaction contemplated by this Agreement fails to close for any reason, then all such information, studies and reports shall, upon and only upon Seller's request, be delivered by Buyer to Seller and shall become the sole property of Seller, at no cost to Seller, and Buyer shall make no distribution, disclosure or other use of any such information, studies and reports.  This Section 33 shall be binding on Seller and Buyer whether or not Closing occurs, and shall survive Closing. 
  34.  PRESS RELEASES  .  Without limiting the generality of Section 33 hereof, prior to Closing, neither Seller nor Buyer, nor any of their respective employees, agents, consultants, attorneys or other representatives, as applicable, may make any public announcement, release to trade publications or to the press, advertisement or other public communication concerning this Agreement or anything contained in this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent may be withheld or conditioned in such Party's sole discretion, except to the extent either Party determines appropriate, after consultation with counsel, in connection with or relating to any prospectus, report or other filing made by such Party or its affiliates with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any stock exchange to which such Party or any affiliate of such Party is subject.   
  35.  SURVIVAL  .  Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, all covenants, obligations, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement shall not survive the execution and delivery of all instruments of conveyance and the transfer of title to the Property to Buyer and Closing.  In addition to the provisions otherwise expressly stated to survive Closing or earlier termination of this Agreement, the provisions of Sections 5, 6(c), 8(c), 14, 15, 16, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 24, 26, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32 and 33 hereof shall survive Closing or earlier termination of this Agreement. 
  36.  NO OFFER TO BUY OR SELL  .  The submission of this Agreement for examination or negotiation does not constitute an offer to sell or buy the Property, an option to purchase the Property, an agreement to negotiate, or any other agreement of any kind with respect to the Property.   
  
   3119.001/132866 
  35 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

Notwithstanding any statements or agreements made by Seller or any of its representatives, whether oral or written, express or implied, of any nature whatsoever, this Agreement becomes effective and binding only upon execution and delivery hereof by both Seller and Buyer.  Neither Seller nor Buyer has any obligation to execute or deliver this Agreement, or to agree to the sale or purchase of the Property on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, or on any other terms or conditions whatsoever. 
  37.  EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES  .  The following exhibits and schedules attached hereto shall be deemed to be an integral part of this Agreement: 
  Exhibit "1"    Description of the Land 
  Exhibit "2"    Permitted Exceptions 
  Exhibit "3"    Form of Deed 
  Exhibit "4"    Form of Bill of Sale 
  Exhibit "5"    Form of Assignment and Assumption of Contracts and Intangible Property 
  Exhibit "6"    Form of Assignment and Assumption of Tenant Leases 
  Exhibit "7"    [Intentionally Omitted] 
  Exhibit "8"    Acceptable Tenant Estoppel Certificate Form 
  Exhibit "9"    Seller Estoppel Certificate Form 
  Exhibit "10"    Form of Memorandum of Purchase Agreement 
  Exhibit "11"    Form of Release of Memorandum of Purchase Agreement 
  Schedule "1(c)"    Schedule of Excluded Personal Property 
  Schedule "6(a)(ix)"    Rent Roll 
  Schedule "6(a)(x)"    Schedule of Tenant Leases 
  Schedule "6(a)(xi)"    Schedule of Contracts 

[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.] 
  
   3119.001/132866 
  36 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

Seller and Buyer have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
  PAN AM I, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    Pan Am Mezzanine I, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff 
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 

PAN AM II, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    Pan Am Mezzanine II, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff 
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 

3119.001/132866 
  37 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

PAN AM III, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    Pan Am Mezzanine III, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff 
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 

PAN AM IV, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:    Pan Am Mezzanine IV, LLC 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties, L.P. 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
  Its Sole Equity Member 
  By:    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc. 
  a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By:      /s/ Lawrence J. Taff 
  Lawrence J. Taff 
  Its President 
    
  Seller 

3119.001/132866 
  38 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

DON QUIJOTE (USA) CO., LTD. 
  a Hawaii corporation 

By:         /s/ Reid Matsumoto 
  Name:  Reid Matsumoto 
  Its Chief Administrative Officer 
    
  Buyer 

3119.001/132866 
  39 
  779613.06-LACSR02A - MSW 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 ex103shidlerindemnification.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 
    
  This   INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT   (this    Agreement   ) is entered into effective as of August 11, 2016, by and between   PACIFIC OFFICE PROPERTIES, L.P.  , a Delaware limited partnership, whose address is 841 Bishop Street, Suite 1700, Honolulu, Hawaii 96813 (   Indemnitor   ), and   JAY H. SHIDLER  , an individual, whose address is 841 Bishop Street, Suite 1700, Honolulu, Hawaii 96813 (   Indemnitee   ). 
    
  W I T N E S S E T H: 
    
  A.    Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, having an address at 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282, Don Quijote (USA) Co., Ltd., a Hawaii corporation, having its principal place of business located at 801 Kaheka Street, Honolulu, Hawaii 96814, and Don Quijote Holdings Co., Ltd., a Japanese corporation, having its principal place of business located at 2-19-10 Aobadai, Meguro-ku, Tokyo 153-0042 Japan (collectively,    Lenders   ) are prepared to make a loan to Pan Am I, LLC, Pan Am II, LLC, Pan Am III, LLC, Pan Am IV, LLC, Davies Pacific, LLC, Waterfront A, LLC, Waterfront B, LLC, Waterfront C, LLC, Waterfront D, LLC and Waterfront E, LLC, each, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively,    Borrowers   ), in the maximum aggregate principal amount of up to TWO HUNDRED EIGHTY MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND AND 00/100 DOLLARS ($280,500,000.00) (the  Loan ) pursuant to a certain Loan Agreement dated as of the date hereof (as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Loan Agreement   ), which Loan is evidenced by, among other things, the Notes (as such term is defined in the Loan Agreement) and is secured by, among other things, the Mortgages (as such term is defined in the Loan Agreement), encumbering certain real properties more particularly described therein. 
    
  B.    Lenders are not willing to make the Loan, or otherwise extend credit, to Borrowers unless Indemnitee agrees to (i) make that certain Guaranty of Recourse Obligations, dated as of the date hereof (as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Guaranty   ), in favor of Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, having an address at 6011 Connection Drive, Irving, Texas 75039, as agent (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the    Agent   ), for the benefit of the Lenders, pursuant to which Indemnitee will unconditionally guarantee the prompt payment and performance to Lenders and Agent of the Guaranteed Obligations (as defined in the Guaranty), and (ii) execute and deliver that certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Environmental Indemnity Agreement   ), in favor of the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders and the other Indemnified Parties (as defined in the Environmental Indemnity Agreement), pursuant to which Mr. Shidler (together with the Borrowers) will provide the indemnification, representations, warranties, covenants and other matters described therein. 
    
  C.    Indemnitee is prepared to execute and deliver the Guaranty and the Environmental Indemnity Agreement, provided that Indemnitor agrees to indemnify Indemnitee with respect to all of Indemnitee s obligations under the Guaranty and the Environmental Indemnity Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, to induce Indemnitee to execute and deliver the Guaranty and the Environmental Indemnity Agreement, and in consideration of the foregoing premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Indemnitor and Indemnitee hereby agree as follows: 
    
  1.      Indemnification  .  Indemnitor hereby agrees to pay, protect, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee from and against, and hereby indemnifies Indemnitee from and against, any and all losses, damages, costs, expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and costs of litigation), liabilities, obligations, causes of action, suits, claims, demands and judgments arising from or relating in any fashion to the Guaranty and/or the Environmental Indemnity Agreement (individually and collectively,    Losses   ). 
    
  2.      Indemnification Procedures  .  
    
  (a)    In the event that Indemnitee desires defense and/or indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, Indemnitee shall give written notice to Indemnitor of the Losses for which Indemnitee seeks defense and/or indemnification (the    Claim Notice   ). The Claim Notice shall identify the Guaranty and/or the Environmental Indemnity Agreement and provide such other information as may reasonably be necessary for Indemnitor to determine whether it is obligated to defend and/or indemnify Indemnitee against such Losses.  
    
  (b)    Within ten (10) days of service of the Claim Notice, Indemnitor shall advise Indemnitee in writing as to whether it will provide defense and/or indemnification against the Losses. 
    
  (i)  If Indemnitor acknowledges the duty to defend and indemnify, it shall thereafter diligently defend the Losses that are the subject of the applicable Claim Notice to their conclusion, regardless of whether it has also acknowledged a duty to indemnify. Indemnitor shall retain counsel reasonably acceptable to the Indemnitee who shall then assume representation of Indemnitee. Indemnitor shall not be liable to Indemnitee for any attorneys  fees or other expenses incurred by the Indemnitee in the defense of the Losses which are the subject of the Claim Notice after assumption of Indemnitee s defense. Indemnitor and Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with one another in order to ensure proper and adequate defense of Indemnitee; provided, however, that the Indemnitor shall pay all costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnitee in rendering any such cooperation.  
    
  (ii)  If Indemnitor acknowledges the duty to defend but not the duty to indemnify, the Indemnitee may, at Indemnitee s option, elect either to (1) have Indemnitor provide a defense in accordance with subparagraph (i), above, or (2) retain counsel directly to defend the Losses which are the subject of the Claim Notice. If Indemnitee elects option (2), Indemnitor shall, upon demand, immediately pay all attorneys  fees, costs, and expenses of any type incurred in such defense. 
    
  (c)    In the event Indemnitor has acknowledged both the duty to defend and indemnify under the Agreement, then neither Indemnitee nor Indemnitor shall effect any compromise or  
  
   2 

settlement of any claim, suit or proceeding which may give rise to liability of Indemnitor under this Agreement (a    Settlement   ), without the prior written consent of the other party hereto, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided, however, that the Indemnitee shall not be deemed to be acting unreasonably in the event that he objects to any Settlement because it (i) does not require that all monetary relief be paid by Indemnitor; (ii) affords any non-monetary relief in favor of the claimant or the plaintiff or against Indemnitee; or (iii) fails to include the claimant s or the plaintiff s unconditional release of Indemnitee from any and all liability and obligation with respect to the Losses which are the subject of such claim, suit, or proceeding.  
    
  (d)    In the event Indemnitor has not acknowledged both the duty to defend and indemnify under this Agreement, the Indemnitee may effect a Settlement without the prior written consent of Indemnitor.  
    
  (e)    All Losses subject to indemnification hereunder shall be paid by the Indemnitor or, if previously paid by Indemnitee, reimbursed by the Indemnitor, within ten (10) days after written notice from the Indemnitee itemizing the amounts thereof paid or incurred to the date of such notice. Without limiting any other remedies available to the Indemnitee, such Losses, if not paid within the said ten (10) day period, shall bear interest from the date of such notice until the date paid or reimbursed by the Indemnitor at a floating rate of interest equal to the sum of the prime rate, as published from time to time in the   The Wall Street Journal  , plus three percent (3%), per annum.  
    
  (f)    If, at any time, all or any part of any payment made to or for the benefit of the Indemnitee pursuant to this Agreement must be rescinded or returned for any reason whatsoever (including, but not limited to, the bankruptcy of the Indemnitor), then the Indemnitor s obligations hereunder shall, to the extent of the payment rescinded or returned, be reinstated and deemed to have continued in existence, as if such previous payment had never been made.  
    
  3.      Miscellaneous  .  
    
  (a)    This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Hawaii, without regard to its conflict of laws or choice of law rules or principles.  This Agreement may be enforced in any federal or state court in the City and County of Honolulu, State of Hawaii. 
    
  (b)    This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto and his or its estate, heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns, as applicable.  
    
  (c)    All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications hereunder (each, a    Notice   ) shall be in writing and addressed to the parties at the addresses set forth on the first page of this Agreement (or to such other address that may be designated by the receiving party from time to time in accordance with this Section). All Notices shall be delivered by personal delivery, nationally recognized overnight courier (with all fees pre-paid), facsimile or email (with confirmation of transmission) or certified or registered mail (in each case, return receipt requested, postage pre-paid). Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, a Notice is effective  
  
   3 

only (a) upon receipt by the receiving party, and (b) if the party giving the Notice has complied with the requirements of this Section. 
    
  (d)    In any arbitration, proceeding, or action between the parties arising out of or relating in any fashion to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys  fees and costs.  
    
  (e)    The failure of any party hereto to exercise or enforce any right or remedy hereunder, or the delay of any party hereto in the exercise or enforcement of any right or remedy, shall not constitute a waiver thereof nor give rise to any defense or estoppel against such party, nor excuse the other party hereto from full performance of its obligations hereunder. No waiver of any such right or remedy shall be valid or enforceable unless made in writing and signed by the party to be bound.  
    
  (f)    This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements, understandings, representations and statements with respect to the subject matter hereof are hereby superseded and rendered null, void and of no further force or effect.  
    
  (g)    This Agreement can only be amended or modified by a writing duly executed by both parties.  
    
  (h)    Time is of the essence of this Agreement and each of the obligations set forth herein. 
    
  (i)    The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed independent and severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any one provision, in whole or in part, or as applied to any event or circumstance, shall not affect the validity of enforceability of any other provision hereof or the validity of enforceability of the provision in question, as applied to any other event or circumstance.  
    
  (j)    Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that no other party, nor any agent nor any attorney of any other party has made any promise, representation or warranty whatsoever, express or implied, not contained herein concerning the subject matter hereof to induce said party to execute or authorize the execution of this Agreement and acknowledges that said party has not executed or authorized the execution of this Agreement in reliance upon any such promise, representation or warranty not contained herein.  
    
  (k)    Each individual signing this Agreement directly and expressly warrants that he or she has been given and has received and accepted authority to so sign and execute the documents on behalf of the party for whom it is indicated they have signed, and further has been expressly given and received and accepted authority to enter into a binding agreement on behalf of such party with respect to the matters contained herein and as stated herein.  
    
  (l)    This Agreement may be executed in multiple identical counterparts, each of which may contain the signature of less than all of the parties hereto and all of which together shall constitute  
  
   4 

a single instrument. For purposes of executing this Agreement, any signed document transmitted by telecopy or e-mail transmission shall be considered the equivalent of an as original signed document and shall have the same binding legal effect as an as original signed document.  
    
  [Signature page follows] 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement effective as of the date first above written. 
    
  INDEMNITOR: 
    
  PACIFIC OFFICE PROPERTIES, L.P., 
  a Delaware limited partnership 
    
           By: 
    Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc., 
     a Maryland corporation 
  Its General Partner 

By: 
    /s/ Lawrence J. Taff         
     Name: Lawrence J. Taff 
  Title: President   CEO 
    
  INDEMNITEE: 

/s/ Jay H. Shidler         
  Jay H. Shidler 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex311-2016930.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Lawrence J. Taff, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Lawrence J. Taff 

Lawrence J. Taff 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex321-2016930.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Pacific Office Properties Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Lawrence J. Taff, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, certifies, to the best of his knowledge, the following pursuant to Section 18, U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002: 
    
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Lawrence J. Taff 

Lawrence J. Taff 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 pcfo-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pcfo-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pcfo-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pcfo-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pcfo-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pcfo-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

