<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1117297_0001564590-16-028692_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4544098</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>216101</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>190614</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1080052</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1529052</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>996540</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>25</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028692.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109165231
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028692
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QUINSTREET, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001117297
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				770512121
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34628
		FILM NUMBER:		161984912

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		950 TOWER LANE, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			FOSTER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-578-7700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		950 TOWER LANE, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			FOSTER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94404

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUINSTREET INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000627

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028692.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 qnst-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

qnst-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 or 

For the transition period from                   to                  
 Commission File No. 001-34628 
   
 QuinStreet, Inc. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Delaware  

77-0512121  

(State or Other Jurisdiction of  

(I.R.S. Employer  

Incorporation or Organization)  

Identification No.)  

650-578-7700 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of October 31, 2016: 45,756,849 

QUINSTREET, INC.  
 INDEX 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. Financial Statements    

3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016    

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

7  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

16  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

25  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    

25  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

27  

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

28  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

45  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

45  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures    

45  

Item 5. Other Information    

45  

Item 6. Exhibits    

46  

SIGNATURES    

47  

2 
 
        PART I. FINANCI  AL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 QUINSTREET, INC. 
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

3 
 
    QUINSTREET,   INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

Cost of revenue and operating expenses include stock-based compensation expense as follows: 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

4 
 
    QUINSTREET, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

5 
 
    QUINSTREET, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

6 
 
    QUINSTREET, INC.  
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

1. The Company 
 QuinStreet, Inc. (the  Company ) is a leader in performance marketing products and technologies. The Company was incorporated in California in April 1999 and reincorporated in Delaware in December 2009. The Company specializes in customer acquisition for clients in high value, information-intensive markets or  verticals,  including financial services, education, home services and business-to-business technology. The corporate headquarters are located in Foster City, California, with additional offices throughout the United States, Brazil and India. While the majority of the Company s operations and revenue are in North America, the Company has emerging businesses in Brazil and India. 
   
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company also evaluates its ownership in entities to determine if they are variable interest entities ( VIEs ), if the Company has a variable interest in those entities, and if the nature and extent of those interests result in consolidation. Refer to Note 4 for more information on VIEs. The Company applies the cost method of accounting for investments in entities if the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the entities. The interests held at cost are periodically evaluated for other-than-temporary declines in value. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Revision of Previously Issued Financial Statements 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, the Company identified errors related to its stock-based compensation expense included in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2015, December 31, 2015 and March 31, 2016. The stock-based compensation expense related to market-based restricted stock units was understated by $1.1 million through the nine months ended March 31, 2016. The Company assessed the materiality of the above errors individually and in the aggregate on prior periods  financial statements in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission s Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 99 and 108 and, based on an analysis of quantitative and qualitative factors, concluded that such amounts were not material to the September 30, 2015, December 31, 2015 and March 31, 2016 quarterly condensed consolidated financial statements. Therefore, these previously issued financial statements can continue to be relied upon and amendments of the previously filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q were not required. The Company will revise the previously issued quarterly condensed consolidated financial statements to correct the errors for the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2015, December 31, 2015 and March 31, 2016 of $0.3 million, $0.4 million and $0.4 million in future Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q when the quarterly condensed consolidated financial statements for such periods are included. Accordingly, the Company has reflected the correction of the error of $0.3 million in the condensed consolidated statement of operations, condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2015 included herein. 
 Unaudited Interim Financial Information 
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regarding interim financial reporting. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. Accordingly, these interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the SEC on August 19, 2016. The condensed consolidated balance sheet at June 30, 2016  included herein was derived from the audited financial statements as of that date, but does not include all disclosures, including notes, required by GAAP. 
   The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements and, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for the fair statement of the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016, its condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, its condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and its condensed consolidated statements  
 7 
 
 QUINSTREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
   
  of cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2017, or   any other future period.  
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates these estimates, judgments and assumptions, including those related to revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, goodwill, long-lived assets, contingencies, and income taxes. The Company bases these estimates on historical and anticipated results and trends and on various other assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable under the circumstances, including assumptions as to future events. These estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and recorded revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences could affect the results of operations reported in future periods. 
 Accounting Policies 
 The significant accounting policies are described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. There have been no significant changes in the accounting policies subsequent to June 30, 2016. 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 The Company had one client that accounted for 11% of net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016. No other client accounted for more than 10% of net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and no client accounted for more than 10% of net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2015. No client accounted for more than 10% of net accounts receivable as of September 30, 2016 or June 30, 2016. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The Company s financial instruments consist principally of cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and a revolving loan facility. The fair value of the Company s cash equivalents is determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets for its money market funds. The recorded values of the Company s accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their current fair values due to the relatively short-term nature of these accounts. The Company believes that the fair value of the revolving loan facility approximates its recorded amount at September 30, 2016 as the interest rate on the revolving loan facility is variable and is based on market interest rates and after consideration of default and credit risk. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued a new accounting standard update on revenue from contracts with clients. The new guidance provides that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In March and April 2016, the FASB amended this standard to clarify implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations and the identification of performance obligations and licensing. In May 2016, the FASB amended this standard to address improvements to the guidance on collectability, noncash consideration, and completed contracts at transition as well as provide a practical expedient for contract modifications at transition and an accounting policy election related to the presentation of sales taxes and other similar taxes collected from customers. The new standards become effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those years with early adoption permitted. Entities have the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt the new standards. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this new guidance. 
           In June 2014, the FASB issued a new accounting standard update on accounting for   share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after   the requisite service period, which amends ASC 718,  Compensation - Stock Compensation.  The amendment provides guidance on the treatment of share-based payment awards with a specific performance target, requiring that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period  
 8 
 
 QUINSTREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
   
    be treated as a performance condition. The new guidance became   effective in the cu  rrent quarter and did not have an impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 In February 2015, the FASB issued a new accounting standard update on  consolidating legal entities in which a reporting entity holds a variable interest .  The amended guidance modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are VIEs and affects the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs that have fee arrangements and related party relationships . The new guidance became effective in the current quarter and did not have an impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued a new accounting standard update which replaces ASC 840,  Leases.  The new guidance requires a lessee to recognize on its balance sheet a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and a lease liability representing its lease payment obligations. The guidance also requires a lessee to recognize a single lease cost, calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term, on a generally straight-line basis. The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted.   The Company is currently assessing the impact of this new guidance. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued a new accounting standard update on the accounting for share-based payments. The new guidance simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted.   The Company is currently assessing the impact of this new guidance. 
   
 3. Net Loss per Share 
 Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding, including potential dilutive shares of common stock assuming the dilutive effect of outstanding stock options and restricted stock units using the treasury stock method. 
 The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share: 

(1)    
 
 Diluted net loss per share does not reflect any potential common stock relating to stock options or restricted stock units due to net losses incurred for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The assumed issuance of any additional shares would be anti-dilutive.    

(2)    
 
   These weighted-shares relate to anti-dilutive stock options and restricted stock units as calculated using the treasury stock method and could be dilutive in the future.     

9 
 
 QUINSTREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
   
    4. Fair Value Measurements, Cash Equivalents and Variable   Interest Entities  
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received on sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The FASB has established a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). 
 The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under the guidance for fair value measurement are described below: 

Level 1      
 
 Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Pricing inputs are based upon quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. The valuations are based on quoted prices of the underlying security that are readily and regularly available in an active market, and accordingly, a significant degree of judgment is not required. As of September 30, 2016, the Company used Level 1 assumptions for its money market funds.    

Level 2      
 
 Pricing inputs are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. As of September 30, 2016, the Company used Level 2 assumptions for its revolving loan facility.    

Level 3      
 
 Pricing inputs are generally unobservable for the assets or liabilities and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs into the determination of fair value require management s judgment or estimation of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques that include option pricing models, discounted cash flow models, and similar techniques. As of September 30, 2016, the Company did not have any Level 3 financial assets or liabilities.    

 The Company s financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 were categorized as follows in the fair value hierarchy (in thousands): 

(1)   
 
 Carried at historical cost on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets.    

 10 
 
 QUINSTREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
   
    Cash Equivalents  
 All liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company holds money market funds of $20.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and $20.2 million as of June 30, 2016 which are classified as cash equivalents. 
   
 Variable Interest Entities 
 A VIE is consolidated by its primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The assessment of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE requires significant assumptions and judgments, including the identification of significant activities and an assessment of the Company s ability to direct those activities. The Company has an equity interest in a privately held entity that is a VIE, of which the Company is not the primary beneficiary. Accordingly, the interest of $2.5 million as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 is recognized at cost within other assets, noncurrent on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company s interest was evaluated for impairment as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 which did not result in any indications of impairment. The Company s maximum exposure to loss as a result of the unconsolidated VIE is $2.5 million at September 30, 2016, which represents the carrying value of the Company s investment in the VIE. 
   
 5. Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets 
           During   the three months ended December 31, 2015, the Company entered into a 10-year partnership agreement with a large online customer acquisition marketing company focused on the U.S. insurance industry to be their exclusive click monetization partner for the majority of their insurance categories. The agreement included a one-time upfront cash payment of $10.0 million. The payment is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the contract. As of September 30, 2016  , the Company has recorded $1.0 million within prepaid expenses and other assets and $8.0 million within other assets, noncurrent on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Amortization expense was $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
   
 6. Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 Intangible assets, net, excluding goodwill, consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Amortization of intangible assets was $1.9 million and $2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
 Future amortization expense for the Company s intangible assets as of September 30, 2016 was as follows (in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, goodwill was $56.1 million. 

11 
 
 QUINSTREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
   
    7. Income Taxes  
 The Company recorded a valuation allowance against the majority of the Company s deferred tax assets at the end of fiscal year 2014 and continues to maintain that full valuation allowance as of September 30, 2016  as the Company believes it is not more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be fully realizable. 
 The Company recorded a benefit from income taxes of $1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of a tax refund from an amended state tax return filing. The Company recorded a provision for income taxes of $0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to the outcome of a state tax examination.  
   
 8. Debt 
 Loan Facility 
 The Company s credit agreement with Comerica Bank (the  Bank ) on November 4, 2011 (as amended on February 15, 2013, July 17, 2014 and June 11, 2015, the  Credit Agreement ) consists of a $25.0 million revolving loan facility with a maturity date of June 11, 2017. Borrowings under the revolving loan facility bear interest at a Eurodollar rate plus 3.00% and is secured by substantially all of the Company s assets. The Company must pay an annual facility fee of $62,500 and an annual unused fee of 0.25% of the undrawn revolving loan facility commitment. The Company has the right to prepay the revolving loan facility or permanently reduce the revolving loan facility commitment without premium or penalty, in whole or in part at any time. Borrowings under the revolving loan facility are subject to a borrowing base consisting of eligible receivables and certain other customary conditions. 
 The Credit Agreement, as amended, contains limitations on the Company s ability to sell assets, make acquisitions, pay dividends, incur capital expenditures, and also requires the Company to comply with certain additional covenants. In addition, the Company is required to maintain financial covenants as follows when there are amounts outstanding under the revolving loan facility and at the time the Company draws down amounts under the revolving loan facility: 
 1. Minimum EBITDA as of the end of each fiscal quarter for the trailing twelve month period of not less than: 
 (a) $1 for the quarter ended June 30, 2015; 
 (b) $2,000,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015; 
 (c) $3,000,000 for the quarter ended December 31, 2015; 
 (d) $4,000,000 for the quarter ended March 31, 2016; and 
 (e) $5,000,000 for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. 
 Thereafter, minimum EBITDA increases each quarter in $1,000,000 increments; provided that there shall be no loss in EBITDA greater than $2,000,000 in any fiscal quarter during such trailing four quarter period. 
 2. Minimum adjusted quick ratio as of the end of each month of not less than 1.25 to 1.00. 
 EBITDA under the Credit Agreement is defined as net loss less benefit from (provision for) taxes, depreciation expense, amortization expense, stock-based compensation expense, interest and other income (expense), net, acquisition costs for business combinations, extraordinary or non-recurring non-cash expenses or losses including, without limitation, goodwill impairments, and any extraordinary or non-recurring cash expenses in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5.0 million for the life of the Credit Agreement, as amended from time to time.  
 The Company was in compliance with the covenants of the Credit Agreement, as amended, as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 
 As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, $15.0 million was outstanding under the revolving loan facility. The Company s revolving loan facility matures in June 2017 and payment of the outstanding balance is due at that time.  
 Letters of Credit 
 The Company has a $0.4 million letter of credit agreement with a financial institution that is used as collateral for fidelity bonds placed with an insurance company and a $0.5 million letter of credit agreement with a financial institution that is used as collateral for the Company s corporate headquarters  operating lease. The letters of credit automatically renew annually without amendment unless cancelled by the financial institutions within 30 days of the annual expiration date. 
   
 12 
 
 QUINSTREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
   
    9. Commitments and Contingencies  
 Leases 
 The Company leases office space under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through fiscal year 2021. Rent expense was $0.9 million and $0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease period and accrues for rent expense incurred but not paid. 
 Future annual minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases as of September 30, 2016 were as follows (in thousands): 

Guarantor Arrangements 
 The Company has agreements whereby it indemnifies its officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer or director is, or was, serving at the Company s request in such capacity. The term of the indemnification period is for the officer or director s lifetime. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, the Company has a director and officer insurance policy that limits its exposure and enables the Company to recover a portion of any future amounts under certain circumstances and subject to deductibles and exclusions. As a result of its insurance policy coverage, the Company believes the estimated fair value of these indemnification agreements is not material. Accordingly, the Company had no liabilities recorded for these agreements as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 
 In the ordinary course of its business, the Company from time to time enters into standard indemnification provisions in its agreements with its clients. Pursuant to these provisions, the Company may be obligated to indemnify its clients for certain losses suffered or incurred, including losses arising from violations of applicable law by the Company or by its third-party publishers, losses arising from actions or omissions of the Company or its third-party publishers, and for third-party claims that a Company product infringed upon any United States patent, copyright or other intellectual property rights. Where practicable, the Company limits its liabilities under such indemnities. Subject to these limitations, the term of such indemnification provisions is generally coterminous with the corresponding agreements and survives for the duration of the applicable statute of limitations after termination of the agreement. The potential amount of future payments to defend lawsuits or settle indemnified claims under these indemnification provisions is generally limited and the Company believes the estimated fair value of these indemnity provisions is not material. Accordingly, the Company had no liabilities recorded for these agreements as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 
   
 10. Stock Benefit Plans 
 Stock Incentive Plans 
 The Company may grant incentive stock options ( ISOs ), nonstatutory stock options ( NQSOs ), restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance-based stock awards, and other forms of equity compensation, as well as performance cash awards, under its 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2010 Incentive Plan ). The Company may grant NQSOs and restricted stock units to non-employee directors under the 2010 Non-Employee Directors  Stock Award Plan (the  Directors  Plan ). In fiscal year 2016, the Company began granting to employees restricted stock units with a market condition that requires that the Company s stock price achieve a specified price above the grant date stock price before it can be eligible for service vesting conditions. To date, the Company has issued only ISOs, NQSOs, restricted stock units and performance-based stock awards under its stock incentive plans. 
 As of September 30, 2016, 15,920,578 shares were reserved and 12,909,480 shares were available for issuance under the 2010 Incentive Plan; 3,359,964 shares were reserved and 1,910,010 shares were available for issuance under the Directors  Plan. 
 13 
 
 QUINSTREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
   
    Stock-Based Compensation  
 The Company estimates the fair value of stock options at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Options are granted with an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The weighted-average Black-Scholes model assumptions for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

The Company estimates the fair value of restricted stock units with a market condition at the date of the grant using the Monte Carlo simulation model. The weighted-average Monte Carlo simulation model assumptions for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

The fair value of restricted stock units is determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. Compensation expense is amortized net of estimated forfeitures on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the stock-based compensation awards. 
   
 11. Segment Information 
 Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, or decision making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company s chief operating decision maker, its chief executive officer, reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis and no expense or operating income is evaluated at a segment level. Given the consolidated level of review by the Company s chief executive officer, the Company operates as one reportable segment. 
   
 The following tables set forth net revenue and long-lived assets by geographic area (in thousands): 

14 
 
 QUINSTREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
   
    12. Subsequent Events  
 On November 9, 2016, the Company announced a corporate restructuring resulting in the reduction of approximately 25% of personnel costs in order to accelerate margin expansion and grow cash flow. The Company currently estimates it will recognize restructuring costs between $2.5 million and $3.5 million and expects the restructuring to be substantially completed by the end of the three months ended December 31, 2016.  
 On November 9, 2016, the Company also announced the authorization of a stock buyback program, initially limited to offsetting annual dilution due to equity compensation. Dilution from equity compensation has averaged approximately 1.4% of outstanding shares annually over the past five fiscal years. The Board of Directors will assess the buyback program on an ongoing basis as circumstances change. 

15 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF   FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATI  ONS  
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they do not materialize or if they prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to,  anticipate,   believe,   can,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   will,   plan,   project,   seek,   should,   target,   will,   would,  and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements reflect the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to management. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified in  Part II  Item 1A. Risk Factors  below, and those discussed in the sections titled  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  and  Risk Factors  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, filed with the SEC. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 
 Management Overview 
 QuinStreet, Inc. is a leader in performance marketing products and technologies. We specialize in customer acquisition for clients in high value, information-intensive markets or  verticals,  including financial services, education, home services, and business-to-business technology. Our clients include some of the world s largest companies and brands in those markets. While the majority of our operations and revenue are in North America, we have emerging businesses in Brazil and India. 
 We deliver measurable and cost-effective marketing results to our clients most typically in the form of a qualified lead, inquiry, click, call, application, or customer. Leads, inquiries, clicks, calls, and applications can then convert into a customer or sale for clients at a rate that results in an acceptable marketing cost to them. We are typically paid by clients when we deliver qualified leads, inquiries, clicks, calls, applications, or customers as defined by our agreements with them. References to the delivery of customers means a sale or completed customer transaction (e.g., bound insurance policies or customer appointments with clients). Because we bear the costs of media, our programs must result in attractive marketing costs to our clients at media costs and margins that provide sound financial outcomes for us. To deliver leads, inquiries, clicks, calls, applications, and customers to our clients, generally we: 

own or access targeted media through business arrangements (e.g., revenue sharing arrangements) or by purchasing media (e.g., clicks from major search engines);     

run advertisements or other forms of marketing messages and programs in that media to create visitor responses in the form most typically of leads or inquiries (e.g., contact information), clicks (to further qualification or matching steps, or to online client applications or offerings), calls (to our owned and operated call centers or that of our clients or their agents), applications (e.g., for enrollment or a financial product), or customers (e.g., bound insurance policies);     

match these leads, inquiries, clicks, calls, applications, or customers to client offerings or brands that we believe can meet visitor interests or needs and client targets and requirements; and     

optimize client matches and media costs such that we achieve desired results for clients and a sound financial outcome for us.     

 Our primary financial objective has been and remains creating revenue growth from sustainable sources, at target levels of profitability. Our primary financial objective is not to maximize profits, but rather to achieve target levels of profitability while investing in various growth initiatives, as we continue to believe we are in the early stages of a large, long-term market opportunity. 
 Our business derives its net revenue from fees earned through the delivery of qualified leads, inquiries, clicks, calls, applications, or customers and, to a lesser extent, display advertisements, or impressions. Through a vertical focus, targeted media presence and our technology platform, we are able to deliver targeted, measurable marketing results to our clients. 
 16 

Our two largest client verticals are financial services and education. Our financial services client vertical represented 61% and   45% of net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  .   Our education client vertical represented 24% and 37% of net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  .   Other client verticals, consisting of home services, bu  siness-to-business technology and medical, represented 15% and 18% of net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  .   We generated the majority of our revenue from sales to clients in the United States.  
 One client in our financial services client vertical accounted for 11% of our net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016. No other client accounted for more than 10% of our net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and no client accounted for more than 10% of our net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Trends Affecting our Business 
 Client Verticals 
 To date, we have generated the majority of our revenue from clients in our financial services and education client verticals. We expect that a majority of our revenue for the remainder of fiscal year 2017 will continue to be generated from clients in these two client verticals. In addition, revenue from our financial services client vertical is expected to increase as a percentage of our total revenue. 
 Our financial services client vertical has been challenged by a number of factors over the past several years, including the limited availability of high quality media at acceptable margins caused by changes in search engine algorithms, acquisition of media sources by competitors and increased competition for quality media. These effects may continue to impact our business in the future. To offset this impact, we have broadened our product set with enhanced click, lead, call and policy products that have enabled better monetization to provide greater access to high quality media sources. Moreover, we have entered into strategic partnerships to increase and diversify our access to quality media and client budgets. 
 Our education client vertical has been significantly challenged by regulations and enforcement activity affecting U.S. for-profit education institutions over the past several years. For example, in January 2014, the Department of Education initiated an investigation of a publicly traded U.S. for-profit education client with respect to its enrollment activities and job placement, among other things, and in July 2014, the Department of Education signed an agreement with the client requiring it to wind down or sell its campuses. In July 2015, the Federal Trade Commission initiated an investigation of another publicly traded U.S. for-profit education client with respect to its recruiting and enrollment practices. These and other similar regulatory and enforcement activities have affected and are expected to continue to affect our clients  businesses and marketing practices, which have and may continue to, result in a decrease in these clients  spending with us and other vendors and fluctuations in the volume and mix of our business with these clients. To offset the impact these regulatory and investigative activities have had on the U.S. for-profit education clients, we have broadened our product set from our traditional lead business with the addition of better qualified and matched leads or inquiries, clicks and calls; we believe these new enhanced products better match U.S. for-profit education client needs in the current regulatory environment. We have also broadened our markets in education to include not-for-profit schools and international markets in Brazil and India. Moreover, we have entered into strategic partnerships to increase and diversify our access to quality media and client budgets. 
 Development, Acquisition and Retention of High Quality Targeted Media 
 One of the primary challenges of our business is finding or creating media that is high quality and targeted enough to attract prospects for our clients at costs that provide a sound financial outcome for us. In order to grow our business, we must be able to find, develop and retain quality targeted media on a cost-effective basis. Consolidation of media sources, changes in search engine algorithms and increased competition for available media has, during some periods, limited and may continue to limit our ability to generate revenue at acceptable margins. To offset this impact, we have developed new sources of media, including entering into strategic partnerships with other marketing and media companies. Such partnerships include takeovers of performance marketing functions for large web media properties; backend monetization of unmatched traffic for clients with large media buys; and white label products for other performance marketing companies. We have also grown our revenue from mobile and social media traffic sources. 
 17 

Seasonality  
 Our results are subject to significant fluctuation as a result of seasonality. In particular, our quarters ending December 31 (our second fiscal quarter) are typically characterized by seasonal weakness. In our second fiscal quarters, there is lower availability of lead supply from some forms of media during the holiday period on a cost effective basis and some of our clients have lower budgets. In our quarters ending March 31 (our third fiscal quarter), this trend generally reverses with better lead availability and often new budgets at the beginning of the year for our clients with fiscal years ending December 31. 
 Regulations 
 Our revenue has fluctuated in part as a result of federal, state and industry-based regulations and developing standards with respect to the enforcement of those regulations. Our business is affected directly because we operate websites and conduct telemarketing and email marketing, and indirectly affected as our clients adjust their operations as a result of regulatory changes and enforcement activity that affect their industries. 
 Clients in our financial services vertical have been affected by laws and regulations and the increased enforcement of new and pre-existing laws and regulations. In addition, our education client vertical has been significantly affected by the adoption of regulations affecting U.S. for-profit education institutions over the past several years, and a high level of governmental scrutiny is expected to continue. The effect of these regulations, or any future regulations, may continue to result in fluctuations in the volume and mix of our business with these clients. 
 An example of a regulatory change that may affect our business is the amendment of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (the  TCPA ) that affects telemarketing calls. Our efforts to comply with the TCPA have thus far had a relatively small negative effect on traffic conversion rates. However, our clients may make business decisions based on their own experiences with the TCPA regardless of our products, and the changes we implemented to comply with the regulations. Those decisions may negatively affect our revenue or profitability. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Net Revenue 
 Our business generates revenue from fees earned through the delivery of qualified leads, inquiries, clicks, calls, applications, customers and, to a lesser extent, display advertisements, or impressions. We deliver targeted and measurable results through a vertical focus that we classify into the following client verticals: financial services, education and  other  (which includes home services, business-to-business technology and medical). 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of media costs, personnel costs, amortization of intangible assets, depreciation expense, and amortization of internal software development costs related to revenue-producing technologies. Media costs consist primarily of fees paid to third-party publishers, media owners or managers, or to strategic partners that are directly related to a revenue-generating event and of pay-per-click, or PPC, ad purchases from Internet search companies. We pay these third-party publishers, media owners or managers, strategic partners and Internet search companies on a revenue-share, a cost-per-lead, or CPL, cost-per-click, or CPC, or cost-per-thousand-impressions, or CPM, basis. Personnel costs include salaries, stock-based compensation expense, bonuses, commissions and employee benefit costs. Personnel costs are primarily related to individuals associated with maintaining our servers and websites, our call center operations, our editorial staff, client management, creative team, content, compliance group, and media purchasing analysts. Costs associated with software incurred in the development phase or obtained for internal use are capitalized and amortized in cost of revenue over the software s estimated useful life. 
 Operating Expenses 
 We classify our operating expenses into three categories: product development, sales and marketing and general and administrative. Our operating expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and, to a lesser extent, professional services fees, facilities fees and other costs. Personnel costs for each category of operating expenses generally include salaries, stock-based compensation expense, bonuses, commissions, and employee benefit costs. 
 18 

Product Development.   Product development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, facilities fees and professional services fees related to the development and maintenance of our products and media mana  gement platform. We are constraining expenses generally to the extent practicable.  
 Sales and Marketing.  Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, professional services fees and facilities fees. We are constraining expenses generally to the extent practicable.  
 General and Administrative.  General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs of our finance, legal, employee benefits and compliance, technical support and other administrative personnel, as well as accounting and legal professional services fees, and insurance. We are constraining expenses generally to the extent practicable.  
 Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Interest and other income (expense), net, consists primarily of interest expense, interest income, and other income and expense. Interest expense is related to our revolving loan facility. Borrowings under our revolving loan facility and related interest expense could increase if, among other things, we make additional acquisitions through debt financing. Interest income represents interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents, which may increase or decrease depending on market interest rates and the amounts invested. Other income and expense includes gains and losses on foreign currency exchange, gains and losses on sales of websites and domain names that were not considered to be strategically important to our business, and other non-operating items. 
 Benefit from (Provision for) Income Taxes 
 We are subject to tax in the United States as well as other tax jurisdictions or countries in which we conduct business. Earnings from our limited non-U.S. activities are subject to local country income tax and may be subject to U.S. income tax. 
 Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates and Judgments 
 In presenting our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. 
 Some of the estimates and assumptions we are required to make relate to matters that are inherently uncertain as they pertain to future events. We base these estimates and assumptions on historical experience or on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable and appropriate under the circumstances. On an ongoing basis, we reconsider and evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates. 
 We believe that the critical accounting policies listed below involve our more significant judgments, assumptions and estimates and, therefore, could have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue recognition;     

Valuation of goodwill and intangible assets;     

Stock-based compensation;     

Income taxes; and     

Valuation of long-lived assets.     

 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K subsequent to June 30, 2016. For further information on our critical and other significant accounting policies and estimates, see Part II, Item 7  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016, filed with the SEC. 
 19 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards  
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   
 20 

Results of Opera  tions  
 The following table sets forth our condensed consolidated statement of operations for the periods indicated: 

(1)   
 
 Cost of revenue and operating expenses include stock-based compensation expense as follows:    

Net Revenue 

Net revenue increased $1.0 million, or 1%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. Revenue from our financial services client vertical increased $12.4 million, or 39%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to the continued rollout of enhanced products and media management platform and to additional strategic partnerships that have increased and diversified our access to quality media and client budgets. Revenue from our education client vertical decreased $9.4 million, or 35%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to exits from the channel of large for-profit education clients and decreased client demand as a result of client initiatives which include campus closures and discontinuation of certain education programs. Revenue from our other client verticals decreased $2.0 million, or 15%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to decreased client demand in our business-to-business technology and medical client verticals, partially offset by increased client demand in our home services client vertical. 
 21 

Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin  
 Cost of revenue increased $1.9 million, or 3%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, driven by increased media costs of $2.3 million primarily due to higher revenue volumes from our financial services click products, which tend to have higher media costs as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by decreased personnel costs of $0.4 million primarily related to decreased incentive compensation associated with the lower achievement of performance objectives. Gross margin, which is the difference between net revenue and cost of revenue as a percentage of net revenue, was 8% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 9% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in gross margin was attributable to a higher proportion of our revenue coming from our financial services click products,  partially offset by decreased personnel costs. 
 Operating Expenses 

Product Development Expenses 
 Product development expenses decreased $0.5 million, or 11%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. This was primarily due to decreased personnel costs of $0.3 million related to decreased incentive compensation associated with the lower achievement of performance objectives. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Sales and marketing expenses decreased $1.0 million, or 28%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. This was primarily due to decreased personnel costs of $0.6 million related to decreased average headcount and decreased incentive compensation associated with the lower achievement of performance objectives and decreased professional services of $0.2 million. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses decreased $0.2 million, or 4%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. This was primarily due to decreased incentive compensation associated with the lower achievement of performance objectives. 
 Benefit from (Provision for) Taxes 

We recorded a valuation allowance against the majority of our deferred tax assets at the end of fiscal year 2014 and continue to maintain a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016 as we believe it is not more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be fully realizable. 
   We recorded a benefit from income taxes of $1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of a tax refund from an amended state tax return filing. We recorded a provision for income taxes of $0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to the outcome of a state tax examination. Our annual statutory tax rate was 34% for the three  
 22 

month  s ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Due to the effects of our deferred tax asset valuation allowance and our net operating loss, our annual effective tax rate was not meaningful as our income tax amounts were not directly correlated to the amount of loss   before income taxes for the period.  
   Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 As of September 30, 2016, our principal sources of liquidity consisted of cash and cash equivalents of $53.6 million, cash we expect to generate from future operations, and available borrowings under our $25.0 million revolving loan facility under which we have drawn $15.0 million. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. We believe our cash equivalents are liquid and accessible. 
 Our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements primarily arise from our working capital requirements, capital expenditures, internal software development costs, payment on our revolving loan facility which matures in June 2017, and acquisitions from time to time. Our primary operating cash requirements include the payment of media costs, personnel costs, costs of information technology systems, and office facilities. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined, in part, by future operating performance and are, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, and also our ability to access our revolving loan facility. Even though we may not need additional funds to fund anticipated liquidity requirements, we may still elect to obtain additional debt, issue additional equity securities or draw down on or increase our borrowing capacity under our current revolving loan facility for other reasons. 
 We believe that our principal sources of liquidity will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months. 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities are primarily the result of our net loss adjusted for depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, and changes in working capital components. 
 Cash provided by operating activities was $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to cash flows provided by operating activities of $3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of a net loss of $3.6 million, which included a  cash receipt from a state tax refund of $1.4 million , offset by non-cash adjustments of $5.9 million. In addition, there was a net decrease in cash from changes in working capital of $1.1 million. The non-cash adjustments primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization of $3.4 million and stock-based compensation expense of $2.6 million. The changes in working capital accounts were primarily due to a decrease in accrued liabilities of $3.8 million, offset by a decrease in accounts receivable of $2.8 million. The decrease in accrued liabilities was primarily due to bonus payments which occur annually during the three months ended September 30, 2016  and the timing of payments.  The decrease in accounts receivable was primarily due to the timing of receipts. 
   
    Cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2015 consisted of a net loss of $6.4 million, which included a restructuring charge of $0.2 million, offset by non-cash adjustments of $6.6 million. In addition, there was a net increase in cash from changes in working capital of $3.0 million. The non-cash adjustments primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization of $3.9 million and stock-based compensation expense of $2.8 million. The changes in working capital accounts were primarily due to a decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets of $5.5 million, offset by a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $2.8 million. The decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets were primarily due to a cash receipt from a federal tax refund. The decrease   
 23 

in accounts paya  ble and accrued liabilities were primarily due to bonus payments which occur annually during the three months ended September 30, 2015 and the timing of payments.     
 Investing Activities 
 Cash flows used in investing activities generally include capital expenditures and capitalized internal development costs. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities was $1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to cash flows used in investing activities of $1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Cash used in investing activities in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was primarily due to capital expenditures and internal software development costs of $1.1 million and  $1.8 million.  
 Financing Activities 
 Cash flows used in financing activities generally include principal payments on acquisition-related notes payable and withholding taxes related to the release of restricted stock, net of share settlement. 
 Cash used in financing activities was $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to cash flows used in financing activities of $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Cash used in financing activities in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was due to withholding taxes related to the release of restricted stock, net share settlement of $0.3 million and  $1.3 million.  
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 During the periods presented, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. We have an investment in a variable interest entity of which we are not the primary beneficiary and as to which we do not have any material obligations. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our contractual obligations relate to borrowings under our revolving loan facility and operating leases. There have been no material changes to our contractual obligations from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. 
 Loan Facility 
 As of September 30, 2016, we were party to a credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Comerica Bank (the  Bank ), as administrative agent and sole lender, which consisted of a $25.0 million revolving loan facility with a maturity date of June 11, 2017. Borrowings under the revolving loan facility bear interest at a rate of the Eurodollar rate plus 3.00%, and is secured by substantially all of our assets. We must pay an annual facility fee of $62,500 and an annual unused fee of 0.25% of the undrawn revolving loan facility commitments. We have the right to prepay the revolving loan facility or permanently reduce the revolving loan facility credit commitments without premium or penalty, in whole or in part at any time. Borrowings under the revolving loan facility are subject to a borrowing base consisting of eligible receivables and certain other customary conditions.  
 The Credit Agreement, as amended, contains limitations on our ability to sell assets, make acquisitions, pay dividends, incur capital expenditures and also requires us to comply with certain additional covenants. In addition, we are also required to maintain financial covenants when there are amounts outstanding under the revolving loan facility and at the time we draw down amounts under the revolving loan facility. 
 We were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 
 As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, there was $15.0 million outstanding under the revolving loan facility. 
 24 

See Note 8, Debt, to our cond  ensed consolidated financial statements for further information on our revolving loan facility.  
 Headquarters Lease 
 We entered into a lease agreement in February 2010 for approximately 63,998 square feet of office space located at 950 Tower Lane, Foster City, California. The term of the lease began on November 1, 2010 and expires on October 31, 2018. The monthly base rent was abated for the first 12 calendar months under the lease, and was $0.1 million through the 24th calendar month of the term of the lease. Monthly base rent increased to $0.2 million for the subsequent 12 months and now increases approximately 3% after each 12-month anniversary during the remaining term, including any extensions under our options to extend. We have two options to extend the term of the lease for one additional year for each option following the expiration date of the lease or renewal term, as applicable. 
   
     ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks include primarily interest rate and foreign currency exchange risks. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We invest our cash equivalents primarily in money market funds. Cash and cash equivalents are held for working capital purposes and acquisition financing. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. We believe that we do not have material exposure to changes in the fair value of these investments as a result of changes in interest rates due to the short-term nature of our investments. Declines in interest rates may reduce future investment income. However, a hypothetical decline of 1% in the interest rate on our investments would not have a material effect on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 As of September 30, 2016, our revolving loan facility had an outstanding balance of $15.0 million. Interest on borrowings under the revolving loan facility is payable quarterly at the Eurodollar rate plus 3.00%. Our exposure to interest rate risk under the revolving loan facility will depend on the extent to which we utilize the facility. A hypothetical change of 1% from prevailing interest rates as of September 30, 2016 would not have a material effect on our interest expense. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 To date, our client agreements have been predominately denominated in U.S. dollars, and, accordingly, we have limited exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations related to client agreements, and do not currently engage in foreign currency hedging transactions. As the local accounts for some of our foreign operations are maintained in the local currency of the respective country, we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations associated with the remeasurement to U.S. dollars. A hypothetical change of 10% in foreign currency exchange rates would not have a material effect on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial officers, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  
   As previously disclosed under  Item 9-A Controls and Procedures  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended June 30, 2016,  we concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to a material weakness in our internal   
 25 

control over financial reporting   over the accuracy of the accounting for stock-based compensation expense for market-based restricted stock units. Specifically our internal controls with resp  ect to stock-based compensation were not designed to appropriately identify and apply different expense recognition methodologies and, as a result, the compensation expense for market-based restricted stock units was incorrectly accounted for using straigh  t-line basis rather than accelerated basis over the requisite service period.   Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, our principal executive and principal financial officers concluded that, as of such da  te, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level.  
 Management s Remediation Initiatives 
 We are in the process of enhancing the stock-based compensation process to include formal documentation and review of the expense recognition policy for new award types granted, and modifications to existing awards in the period such awards are granted or modified.    
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

26 

PART II. OTHER   INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. Certain of our outstanding legal matters include claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. We record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Based on our current knowledge, we do not believe that there is a reasonable possibility that the final outcome of any pending or threatened legal proceedings to which we or any of our subsidiaries are a party, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our future financial results. However, the outcome of such legal matters is subject to significant uncertainties. 

27 

ITEM 1A. RI  SK FACTORS  
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this periodic report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. In those cases, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We operate in an industry that is still developing and have a relatively new business model that is continually evolving, which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. 
 We derive all of our revenue from the sale of online marketing and media services, which is still a developing industry that has undergone rapid and dramatic changes in its relatively short history and which is characterized by rapidly-changing Internet media and advertising technology, evolving industry standards, regulatory uncertainty, and changing user and client demands. As a result, we face risks and uncertainties such as but not limited to: 

our still developing industry and relatively new business model;     

changes in the economic condition, market dynamics, regulatory enforcement or legislative environment affecting our, our third-party publishers , and our clients  businesses;     

our dependence on the availability and affordability of quality media from third-party publishers and strategic partners;     

our dependence on Internet search companies to attract Internet visitors;     

our ability to accurately forecast our results of operations and appropriately plan our expenses;     

our ability to compete in our industry;     

our ability to manage cyber security risks and costs associated with maintaining a robust security infrastructure;     

our ability to develop our websites to allow Internet visitors to access our websites through mobile devices;     

our ability to develop new services, enhancements and features to meet new demands from our clients; and     

our ability to successfully challenge regulatory audits, investigations or allegations of noncompliance with laws.     

 If we are unable to address these risks, our business, results of operations and prospects could suffer. 
 Negative changes in the market conditions or the regulatory environment have had in the past, and may in the future have, a material and adverse impact on our revenue, business and growth. 
 Adverse macroeconomic conditions could cause decreases or delays in spending by our clients and could harm our ability to generate revenue and our results of operations. Moreover, to date, we have generated a large majority of our revenue from clients in our financial services and education client verticals. We expect that a majority of our revenue, at least in the near term, will continue to be generated from clients in our financial services and education client verticals. Changes in the market conditions or the regulatory environment in these two highly-regulated client verticals in particular have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our clients  businesses, marketing practices and budgets and, therefore, our financial results. 
   Our, our third-party publishers , and our clients  businesses operate in highly regulated industries, subject to many laws and regulatory requirements, including federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding unsolicited commercial email, telemarketing, user privacy, search engines, Internet tracking technologies, direct marketing, data security, data privacy, pricing, sweepstakes, promotions, intellectual property ownership and infringement, trade secrets, export of encryption technology, acceptable content and quality of goods, and taxation, among others. Each of our financial services, education and other client verticals is also subject to various laws and regulations, and our marketing activities on behalf of our clients are regulated. Many of these laws are frequently changing, and keeping our business in compliance with or bringing our business into compliance with new laws may be costly, affect our revenue and harm our financial results. Violations or alleged violations of laws by us, our third-party publishers or clients could result in damages, fines, criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity, and restrictions on our ability to operate, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, new laws or  
 28 

regulations or changes in enforcement of existing laws or regulations applicable to our clients could affect the activities or strategies of our clients and, therefore, lead to reductions in their level of business with us.  
 For example, the Federal Communications Commission amended the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (the  TCPA ) that affects telemarketing calls. Certain provisions of the regulations became effective in July 2012, and additional regulations requiring prior express written consent for certain types of telemarketing calls became effective in October 2013. Our efforts to comply with the TCPA has not had a material impact on traffic conversion rates. However, depending on future traffic and product mix, it could potentially have a material effect on our revenue and profitability, including increasing our and our clients  exposure to enforcement actions and litigation. Additionally, we generate leads from which users provide a phone number, and a significant amount of revenue comes from calls made by our internal call centers as well as, in some cases, by third-party publishers  call centers. We also purchase a portion of our lead data from third-party publishers and cannot guarantee that these third-parties will comply with the regulations. Any failure by us or the third-party publishers on which we rely for telemarketing, email marketing, and other lead generation activities to adhere to or successfully implement appropriate processes and procedures in response to existing regulations and changing regulatory requirements could result in legal and monetary liability, significant fines and penalties, or damage to our reputation in the marketplace, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, our clients may make business decisions based on their own experiences with the TCPA regardless of our products and the changes we implemented to comply with the new regulations. These decisions may negatively affect our revenue or profitability. 
 In connection with our owned and our third-party publishers  email campaigns to generate traffic for our clients, we are subject to various state and Federal laws regulating commercial email communications, including the federal CAN-SPAM Act. For example, in 2012, several of our clients were named defendants in a California Anti-Spam lawsuit relating to commercial emails which allegedly originated from us and our third-party publishers. While the matter was ultimately resolved in our clients  favor, we were nonetheless obligated to indemnify certain of our clients for the fees incurred in the defense of such matter. If we or any of our third-party publishers fail to comply with any provisions of these laws or regulations, we could be subject to regulatory investigation, enforcement actions, and litigation, as well as indemnification obligations with respect to our clients. Any negative outcomes from such regulatory actions or litigation, including monetary penalties or damages, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation, and reputation.  
 From time to time, we are subject to audits, inquiries, investigations, claims of non-compliance and lawsuits by federal and state governmental agencies, regulatory agencies, attorneys general, and other governmental or regulatory bodies, any of whom may allege violations of legal requirements. For example, in June 2012, we entered into an Assurance of Voluntary Compliance agreement following a civil investigation into certain of our marketing practices related to our education client vertical that was conducted by the attorneys general of a number of states. If the results of any future investigations, audits, inquiries, claims or litigation are unfavorable to us, we may be required to pay monetary fines or penalties or have restrictions placed on our business, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Federal and state regulations and increased oversight of clients in our education vertical have negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect, our clients  businesses, marketing practices, and budgets, any or all of which could reduce our clients  level of business with us and thereby have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 To date, we have generated a large portion of our revenue from our education client vertical, and nearly all of that revenue was generated from post-secondary education institutions. Post-secondary education institutions are subject to extensive federal and state regulations and accrediting standards (including the Higher Education Act, Department of Education regulations and individual state higher education regulations) and oversight by various regulatory enforcement authorities (including the Department of Education, the Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau and state attorneys general). Such regulations govern many aspects of these clients  operations, including marketing and recruiting activities, as well as private student lending and the school s eligibility to participate in Title IV federal student financial aid programs, which is the principal source of funding for many of our education clients. In addition, there have been significant changes to these regulations in recent years and a high level of regulatory scrutiny and enforcement activity (e.g., investigations of our clients and other post-secondary education institutions). Heightened regulatory activity and legislative and regulatory scrutiny are expected to continue in the post-secondary education sector. Such activity and scrutiny may have an adverse effect on our operating results as our management may be required to devote substantial time and resources to such matters, and such matters may result in lower client marketing spend.  
   For example, in January 2014, the Department of Education initiated an investigation of a U.S. publicly traded for-profit education client with respect to its enrollment activities and job placement, among other things, and in July 2014, the Department of Education  
 29 

signed an agreement with the client requiring it to wind down or sell its campuses. In September 2016, the Department of Education took action w  hich resulted in the closure of a large for-profit education provider.  
 Similarly, in July 2015, the Federal Trade Commission initiated an investigation of another publicly traded U.S. for-profit education client with respect to its recruiting and enrollment practices, and in January 2016, the Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against a different publicly-traded U.S. for-profit education client with respect to its advertising practices. Moreover, the Department of Education, the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau, the Federal Trade Commission and several state attorneys general currently have open investigations with several other post-secondary educational institutions including some of our clients. Regulatory decisions may also adversely impact our education clients indirectly. For example, in October 2016, the Department of Education published its final defense to repayment rule, which streamlines and liberalizes a procedure whereby students may have their federal loans forgiven. This may result in students increasingly seeking to have their loans forgiven, which may in turn involve claims by the government against education providers. In connection with these or other investigations of our clients  marketing practices, regulatory authorities may also make requests to us for information, which requests may consume substantial time and resources and result in a negative effect on our operating results. These and other similar regulatory and enforcement activities have affected, and are expected to continue to affect, our clients  businesses and marketing practices, which have resulted in, and may continue to result in, a decrease in these clients  spending with us and fluctuations in the volume and mix of our business with these clients. This may be the case notwithstanding the fact that we are not a target of these regulatory investigations or inquiries and the fact that our marketing practices consist largely of utilizing client-provided or client-approved online marketing materials subject to client advertising guidelines.  
 In addition, changes in, or new interpretations of, applicable laws, regulations, standards or policies applicable to these clients could have a material adverse effect on their accreditation, authorization to operate in various states, or receipt of funds under Title IV programs, any of which, in turn, may harm our ability to generate revenue from these clients and negatively impact our financial results. 
 Finally, although we are not a higher education institution, we are sometimes required to comply with such education laws and regulations as a result of our role as a vendor to higher educations, either directly or indirectly through our contractual arrangements with clients. Failure to comply with education laws and regulations could result in breach of contract and indemnification claims against us, subject us to regulatory sanctions and could cause damage to our reputation and impair our business. 
 A reduction in online marketing spend by our clients, a loss of clients or lower advertising yields may seriously harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, a substantial portion of our revenue is generated from a limited number of clients and, if we lose a major client, our revenue will decrease and our business and prospects may be harmed. 
 We rely on clients  marketing spend on our owned and operated websites and on our network of third-party publisher and strategic partner websites. We have historically derived, and we expect to continue to derive, the majority of our revenue through the delivery of qualified leads, inquiries, clicks, calls, applications, and customers. One component of our platform that we use to generate client interest is our system of monetization tools, which is designed to match content with client offerings in a manner that optimizes revenue yield and end-user experience. Clients will stop spending marketing funds on our owned and operated websites or our third-party publisher and strategic partner websites if their investments do not generate leads and ultimately users or if we do not deliver advertisements in an appropriate and effective manner. The failure of our yield-optimized monetization technology to effectively match advertisements or client offerings with our content in a manner that results in increased revenue for our clients would have an adverse impact on our ability to maintain or increase our revenue from client marketing spend. 
 Even if our content is effectively matched with advertisements or client offerings, our current clients may not continue to place marketing spend or advertisements on our websites. If any of our clients decided not to continue marketing spend or advertising on our owned and operated websites or on our third-party publisher or strategic partner websites, we could experience a rapid decline in our revenue over a relatively short period of time. Any factors that limit the amount our clients are willing to and do spend on marketing or advertising with us, or to purchase leads from us, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Furthermore, a substantial portion of our revenue is generated from a limited number of clients, including one client that accounted for 11% of our net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Our clients can generally terminate their contracts with us at any time, and they do not have minimum spend requirements. Clients may also fail to renew their contracts or reduce their level of business with us, leading to lower revenue. 
 30 

In addition, reductions i  n business by one or more significant clients has in the past triggered, and may in the future trigger, price reductions for other clients whose prices for certain products are determined in whole or in part by client bidding or competition which may reduc  e our ability to monetize media, further decreasing revenue. Any future such price or volume reductions, or drop in media monetization, could result in lower revenue or margin. We expect that a limited number of clients will continue to account for a signi  ficant percentage of our revenue, and the loss of any one of these clients, or a material reduction in their marketing spending with us, could decrease our revenue and harm our business.  
 We depend on third-party publishers, including strategic partners, for a significant portion of our visitors. Any decline in the supply of media available through these websites or increase in the price of this media could cause our revenue to decline or our cost to reach visitors to increase. 
 A significant portion of our revenue is attributable to visitor traffic originating from third-party publishers (including strategic partners). In many instances, third-party publishers can change the media inventory they make available to us at any time and, therefore, impact our results of operations. In addition, third-party publishers may place significant restrictions on our offerings. These restrictions may prohibit advertisements from specific clients or specific industries, or restrict the use of certain creative content or formats. If a third-party publisher decides not to make media inventory available to us, or decides to demand a higher revenue-share or places significant restrictions on the use of such inventory, we may not be able to find media inventory from other websites that satisfies our requirements in a timely and cost-effective manner. In addition, the number of competing online marketing service providers and advertisers that acquire inventory from websites continues to increase. Consolidation of Internet advertising networks and third-party publishers could eventually lead to a concentration of desirable inventory on websites or networks owned by a small number of individuals or entities, which could limit the supply or impact the pricing of inventory available to us. In the past, we have experienced declines in our financial services client vertical primarily due to volume declines caused by losses of available media from third-party publishers acquired by competitors, changes in search engine algorithms which reduced or eliminated traffic from some third-party publishers and increased competition for quality media. We cannot assure you that we will be able to acquire media inventory that meets our clients  performance, price, and quality requirements, in which case our revenue could decline or our operating costs could increase. 
 We depend upon Internet search companies to direct a significant portion of the visitors to our owned and operated and our third-party publishers  websites. Changes in search engine algorithms have in the past harmed, and may in the future harm, the websites  placements in both paid and organic search result listings, which may reduce the number of visitors to our owned and operated and our third-party publishers  websites and as a result, cause our revenue to decline. 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract online visitors to our owned and operated and our third-party publishers  websites and convert them into customers for our clients in a cost-effective manner. We depend on Internet search companies to direct a substantial share of visitors to our owned and operated and our third-party publishers  websites. Search companies offer two types of search results: organic and paid listings. Organic listings are displayed based solely on formulas designed by the search companies. Paid listings are displayed based on a combination of the advertiser s bid price for particular keywords and the search engines  assessment of the website s relevance and quality. 
 Our ability to maintain or grow the number of visitors to our owned and operated and our third-party publishers  websites from search companies is not entirely within our control. Search companies frequently revise their algorithms and changes in their algorithms have in the past caused, and could in the future, cause our owned and operated and our third-party publishers  websites to receive less favorable placements. We have experienced fluctuations in organic rankings for a number of our owned and operated and our third-party publishers  websites and some of our paid listing campaigns have also been harmed by search engine algorithmic changes. Search companies could determine that our or our third-party publishers  websites  content is either not relevant or is of poor quality. 
   In addition, we may fail to optimally manage our paid listings, or our proprietary bid management technologies may fail. To attract and retain visitors, we use search engine optimization ( SEO ) which involves developing content to optimize ranking in search engine results. Our ability to successfully manage SEO efforts across our owned and operated websites and our third-party publishers  websites depends on our timely and effective modification of SEO practices implemented in response to periodic changes in search engine algorithms and methodologies and changes in search query trends. If we fail to successfully manage our SEO strategy, our owned and operated and our third-party publishers  websites may receive less favorable placement in organic or paid listings, which would reduce the number of visitors to our sites, decrease conversion rates and repeat business and have a detrimental effect on our ability to generate revenue. If visits to our owned and operated and our third-party publishers  websites decrease, we may need to use more costly sources to replace lost visitors, and such increased expense could adversely affect our business and profitability. Even if  
 31 

we succeed in driving traffic to our owned and operated websites,   our t  hird-party publishers    websites and to our clients  websites, we may not be able to effectively monetize this traffic or otherwise retain users. Our failure to do so could result in lower advertising revenue from our owned and operated websites as well as   third-party publishers  websites, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  
 If we fail to continually enhance and adapt our products and services to keep pace with rapidly changing technologies and industry standards, we may not remain competitive and could lose clients or advertising inventory. 
 The online media and marketing industry is characterized by rapidly changing standards, changing technologies, frequent new product and service introductions, and changing user and client demands. The introduction of new technologies and services embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards and practices could render our existing technologies and services obsolete and unmarketable or require unanticipated investments in technology. We continually make enhancements and other modifications to our proprietary technologies, and these changes may contain design or performance defects that are not readily apparent. If our proprietary technologies fail to achieve their intended purpose or are less effective than technologies used by our competitors, our business could be harmed. 
 Our future success will depend in part on our ability to successfully adapt to these rapidly changing online media formats and other technologies. If we fail to adapt successfully, we could lose clients or advertising inventory. 
 Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and may do so in the future, which makes our results of operations difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations to fall short of analysts  and investors  expectations. 
 Historically, quarterly and annual results of operations have fluctuated due to changes in our business, our industry, and the general economic and regulatory climate. We expect our future results of operations to vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our fluctuating results of operations could cause our performance and outlook to be below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, causing the price of our common stock to decline. Our business is changing and evolving, and, as a result, our historical results of operations may not be useful to you in predicting our future results of operations. Factors that may increase the volatility of our results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following: 

changes in client volume;     

loss of or reduced demand by existing clients;     

the availability and price of quality media;     

consolidation of media sources;     

changes in Internet search engine algorithms that affect our owned and operated and our third-party publishers  websites; and     

regulatory and legislative changes.     

 As a result of changes in our business model, increased investments, increased expenditures for certain businesses, products, services, and technologies, we anticipate fluctuations in our adjusted EBITDA margin. 
 We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, markets, services and technologies, including more expensive forms of media. For example, we expended significant resources in developing new products and technologies and made strategic outlays in, among other things, partnerships, which in the short term may have the effect of reducing our adjusted EBITDA margin. If we are unsuccessful in our monetization efforts with respect to new products and investments, we may fail to engage and retain users and clients. We may have insufficient revenue to fully offset liabilities and expenses in connection with these investments and may experience inadequate, unpredictable return of capital on our investments. As a result of these investments, we expect fluctuations in our adjusted EBITDA margin. 
 To maintain target levels of profitability, from time to time, we may restructure our operations or make other adjustments to our workforce. For example, in November 2016, we announced a corporate restructuring resulting in the reduction of approximately 25% of personnel costs. This restructuring could result in business disruptions or temporarily reduce workforce productivity. In addition, we may incur restructuring charges greater than expected and we may not achieve or sustain the expected cost savings or other anticipated benefits of our existing or future corporate restructurings, or do so within the expected time frame.  
 32 

If we fail to compete effectively against other online marketing and media companies and other competitors, we could lose clients and our revenue may decline.  
 The market for online marketing is intensely competitive, and we expect this competition to continue to increase in the future both from existing competitors and, given the relatively low barriers to entry into the market, from new competitors. We compete both for clients and for limited high-quality media. We compete for clients on the basis of a number of factors, including return on investment of client s marketing spending, price, and client service. 
 We compete with Internet and traditional media companies for a share of clients  overall marketing budgets, including: 

online marketing or media services providers such as BankRate in the financial services client vertical and Education Dynamics in the education client vertical;     

offline and online advertising agencies;     

major Internet portals and search engine companies with advertising networks;     

other online marketing service providers, including online affiliate advertising networks and industry-specific portals or lead generation companies;     

digital advertising exchanges, real-time bidding and other programmatic buying channels;     

third-party publishers with their own sales forces that sell their online marketing services directly to clients;     

in-house marketing groups and activities at current or potential clients;     

offline direct marketing agencies;     

mobile and social media; and     

television, radio, and print companies.     

 Competition for web traffic among websites and search engines, as well as competition with traditional media companies, has resulted and may continue to result in significant increases in media pricing, declining margins, reductions in revenue, and loss of market share. In addition, if we expand the scope of our services, we may compete with a greater number of websites, clients, and traditional media companies across an increasing range of different services, including in vertical markets where competitors may have advantages in expertise, brand recognition, and other areas. Internet search companies with brand recognition, such as Google, Yahoo! and Microsoft, have significant numbers of direct sales personnel and substantial proprietary advertising inventory and web traffic that provide a significant competitive advantage and have a significant impact on pricing for Internet advertising and web traffic. Some of these companies may offer or develop more vertically targeted products that match users with products and services and, thus, compete with us more directly. For example, Google s search engine provides comparison shopping for insurance and other financial products, which could in the future compete directly with our comparison platforms, divert our users and ultimately our clients, and result in a significant loss of revenue for our financial services vertical. The trend toward consolidation in online marketing may also affect pricing and availability of media inventory and web traffic. Many of our current and potential competitors also have other competitive advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, larger client bases, greater access to advertising inventory on high-traffic websites, and significantly greater financial, technical, and marketing resources. As a result, we may not be able to compete successfully. Competition from other marketing service providers  online and offline offerings has affected and may continue to affect both volume and price, and, thus, revenue, profit margins, and profitability. If we fail to deliver results that are superior to those that other online marketing service providers deliver to clients, we could lose clients and market share, and our revenue may decline. 
 We are exposed to online security risks and security breaches particularly given that we gather, transmit and store personally identifiable information. Unauthorized access to or accidental disclosure of confidential or proprietary data may cause us to incur significant expenses and may negatively affect our reputation and business. 
   Nearly all of our products and services are web-based, and online performance marketing is data-driven. As a result, the amount of data stored on our servers has been increasing. We gather, transmit, and store information about our users and marketing and media partners, including personally identifiable information. This information may include social security numbers, credit scores, credit card information, and financial and health information, some of which is held or managed by our third-party vendors. As a result, we are subject to certain contractual terms, including third-party security reviews, as well as federal, state and foreign laws and regulations designed to protect personally identifiable information.  Complying with these contractual terms and various laws could   
 33 

cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.   Despite our implementation of security measures and controls, our information technology and infrastructure are susc  eptible to electronic or physical computer break-ins, cyber attacks, malware, viruses, fraud, employee error, and other disruptions and security breaches that could result in third-parties gaining unauthorized access to our systems and data. In addition, t  he increased use of mobile devices increases the risk of unintentional disclosure of data including personally identifiable information. We may be unable to anticipate all our vulnerabilities and implement adequate preventative measures and, in some cases,   we may not be able to immediately detect a security incident. In the past, we have experienced security incidents involving access to our databases. Although to our knowledge no sensitive financial or personal information has been compromised   and no statu  tory breach notification has been required  , any future security incidents could result in the compromise of such data and subject us to liability or   remediation expense   or result in cancellation of client contracts. Any security incident may also result in   a misappropriation of our proprietary information or that of our users, clients, and third-party publishers, which could result in legal and financial liability, as well as harm to our reputation.   Any compromise of our security could limit the adoption of   our products and services and have an adverse effect on our business.  
 Privacy concerns relating to our data collection practices and any perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information, whether through breach of our network by an unauthorized party, employee theft, misuse, or error could harm our reputation, impair our ability to attract website visitors and to attract and retain our clients, result in a loss of confidence in the security of our products and services, or subject us to claims or litigation arising from damages suffered by consumers, and thereby harm our business and results of operations. In addition, we could incur significant costs for which our insurance policies may not adequately cover us and expend significant resources in protecting against security breaches and complying with the multitude of state, federal and foreign laws regarding data privacy and data breach notification obligations. 
 More people are using mobile devices to access the Internet. If we fail to develop our websites to keep pace with this shift in user devices, we may not remain competitive and could lose clients or advertising inventory. 
 The number of people who access the Internet through mobile devices such as smart phones and tablets has increased dramatically in the past few years, and we expect the trend to continue. Our online marketing services and content were originally designed for desktop or laptop computers. The shift from desktop or laptop computers to mobile devices could potentially deteriorate the user experience for visitors to our websites and may make it more difficult for visitors to respond to our offerings. It also requires us to develop new offerings specifically designed for mobile devices, such as social media advertising opportunities. Additionally, the monetization of our online marketing services and content on these mobile devices might not be as lucrative for us compared to those on desktop and laptop computers. If we fail to develop our websites cost effectively and improve the monetization capabilities of our mobile marketing services, we may not remain competitive, which may negatively affect our business and results of operations. 
 We rely on our management team and other key employees, and the loss of one or more key employees could harm our business. 
 Our success and future growth depend upon the continued services of our management team, including Douglas Valenti, Chief Executive Officer, and other key employees in all areas of our organization. From time to time, there may be changes in our key employees resulting from the hiring or departure of executives and employees, which could disrupt our business. We have experienced declines in our business and a depressed stock price, making our equity and cash incentive compensation programs less attractive to current and potential key employees. If we lose the services of key employees or if we are unable to attract and retain additional qualified employees, our business and growth could suffer. 
 Third-party publishers, strategic partners, vendors, or their respective affiliates may engage in unauthorized or unlawful acts that could subject us to significant liability or cause us to lose clients and revenue. 
   We generate a significant portion of our web visitors from online media that we source directly from our third-party publishers  and strategic partners  owned and operated websites, as well as indirectly from the affiliates of our third-party publishers and strategic partners. We also rely on third-party call centers and email marketers. Some of these third-parties, strategic partners, vendors, and their respective affiliates are authorized to use our clients  brands, subject to contractual restrictions. Any activity by third-party publishers, strategic partners, vendors, or their respective affiliates which violates the marketing guidelines of our clients or that clients view as potentially damaging to their brands (e.g., search engine bidding on client trademarks), whether or not permitted by our contracts with our clients, could harm our relationship with the client and cause the client to terminate its relationship with us, resulting in a loss of revenue. Moreover, because we do not have a direct contractual relationship with the affiliates of our third-party publishers and strategic partners, we may not be able to monitor the compliance activity of such affiliates. If we are unable to cause our third-party publishers and strategic partners to monitor and enforce our clients  contractual restrictions on such affiliates, our clients may terminate their relationships with us or decrease their marketing budgets with us. In addition, we may also face liability for  
 34 

any failure of our third-party publishers  , strategic partners,   vendors   or their respective affiliates   t  o comply with regulatory requirements, as further described in the risk factor beginning,    Negative changes in the market conditions or the regulatory environment have had in the past, and may in the future have, a material and adverse impact on our revenu  e, business, and growth.     
 The law is unsettled on the extent of liability that an advertiser in our position has for the activities of third-party publishers, strategic partners, or vendors. Department of Education regulations impose liability on our education clients for misrepresentations made by their marketing service providers. In addition, certain of our contracts impose liability on us, including indemnification obligations, for the acts of our third-party publishers, strategic partners, or vendors. We could be subject to costly litigation and, if we are unsuccessful in defending ourselves, we could incur damages for the unauthorized or unlawful acts of third-party publishers, strategic partners, or vendors. 
 We rely on certain advertising agencies for the purchase of various advertising and marketing services on behalf of their clients. Such agencies may have or develop high-risk credit profiles, which may result in credit risk to us. 
 A portion of our client business is sourced through advertising agencies and, in many cases, we contract with these agencies and not directly with the underlying client. Contracting with these agencies subjects us to greater credit risk than where we contract with clients directly. In many cases, agencies are not required to pay us unless and until they are paid by the underlying client. In addition, many agencies are thinly capitalized and have or may develop high-risk credit profiles. This credit risk may vary depending on the nature of an agency s aggregated client base. If an agency were to become insolvent, or if an underlying client did not pay the agency, we may be required to write off account receivables as bad debt. Any such write-offs could have a materially negative effect on our results of operations for the periods in which the write-offs occur. 
 Damage to our reputation could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is dependent on attracting a large number of visitors to our owned and operated and our third-party publishers  websites and providing leads, inquiries, clicks, calls, applications, and customers to our clients, which depends in part on our reputation within the industry and with our clients. Certain other companies within our industry regularly engage in activities that others may view as unlawful or inappropriate. These activities by third-parties, such as spyware or deceptive promotions, may be seen as characteristic of participants in our industry and may therefore harm the reputation of all participants in our industry, including us. 
 Our ability to attract potential users and, thereby, clients, also depends in part on users receiving competitive levels of customer service, responsiveness and prices from our clients. If our clients do not provide competitive levels of service to users, our reputation and therefore our ability to attract additional clients and users could be harmed. 
 In addition, from time to time, we may be subject to investigations, inquiries or litigation by various regulators, which may harm our reputation regardless of the outcome of any such action. For example, in 2012 we responded to a civil investigation conducted by the attorneys general of a number of states into certain of our marketing and business practices resulting in us entering into an Assurance of Voluntary Compliance agreement. Negative perceptions of our business may result in additional regulation, enforcement actions by the government and increased litigation, any of which may affect our business and result in lower revenue. 
 We also believe that building brand awareness is important to achieving increased demand for certain of our products and services. Accordingly, we have dedicated, and expect to continue to dedicate, significant operating capital and resources to building brand awareness, which may not be successful. Our failure to build brand awareness may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain clients in a cost-effective manner and as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any damage to our reputation, including from publicity from legal proceedings against us or companies that work within our industry, governmental proceedings, consumer class action litigation, or the disclosure of information security breaches or private information misuse, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 35 

If we do not effectively manage any future growth or if we are not able to scale our products quickly enough to meet our clients  needs, our operating   performance will suffer and we may lose clients.  
 We have historically experienced growth in our operations and operating locations. This growth has placed, and any future growth will continue to place, significant demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. Growth, if any, may make it more difficult for us to accomplish the following: 

successfully scaling our technology to accommodate a larger business and integrate acquisitions;     

maintaining our standing with key vendors, including Internet search companies and third-party publishers;     

maintaining our client service standards; and     

developing and improving our operational, financial and management controls and maintaining adequate reporting systems and procedures.     

 Our future success depends in part on the efficient performance of our software and technology infrastructure. As the numbers of websites and Internet users increase, our technology infrastructure may not be able to meet the increased demand. Unexpected constraints on our technology infrastructure could lead to slower website response times or system failures and adversely affect the availability of websites and the level of user responses received, which could result in the loss of clients or revenue or harm to our business and results of operations. 
 In addition, our personnel, systems, procedures, and controls may be inadequate to support our future operations. The improvements required to manage growth may require us to make significant expenditures, expand, train and manage our employee base, and reallocate valuable management resources. We may spend substantial amounts to purchase or lease data centers and equipment, upgrade our technology and network infrastructure to handle increased traffic on our owned and operated websites and roll out new products and services. This expansion could be expensive and complex and could result in inefficiencies or operational failures. If we do not implement this expansion successfully, or if we experience inefficiencies and operational failures during its implementation, the quality of our products and services and our users  experience could decline. This could damage our reputation and cause us to lose current and potential users and clients. The costs associated with these adjustments to our architecture could harm our operating results. Accordingly, if we fail to effectively manage growth, our operating performance will suffer, and we may lose clients, key vendors and key personnel. 
 Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could impair our ability to effectively deliver our services, which could cause us to lose clients and harm our results of operations. 
 Our delivery of marketing and media services depends on the continuing operation of our technology infrastructure and systems. Any damage to or failure of our systems could result in interruptions in our ability to deliver offerings quickly and accurately or process visitors  responses emanating from our various web presences. Interruptions in our service could reduce our revenue and profits, and our reputation could be damaged if users or clients perceive our systems to be unreliable. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, break-ins, hardware or software failures, telecommunications failures, cyber attacks, computer viruses or other attempts to harm our systems, and similar events. If we or third-party data centers that we utilize were to experience a major power outage, we would have to rely on back-up generators. These back-up generators may not operate properly through a major power outage and their fuel supply could also be inadequate during a major power outage or disruptive event. Furthermore, we do not currently have backup generators at our Foster City, California headquarters. Information systems such as ours may be disrupted by even brief power outages, or by the fluctuations in power resulting from switches to and from back-up generators. This could give rise to obligations to certain of our clients which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for the period of time in which any disruption of utility services to us occurs. 
 Our primary data center is at a third-party co-location center in San Francisco, California. All of the critical components of the system are redundant and we have a backup data center in Las Vegas, Nevada. We have implemented these backup systems and redundancies to minimize the risk associated with earthquakes, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, and other events beyond our control; however, these backup systems may fail or may not be adequate to prevent losses. 
 Any unscheduled interruption in our service would result in an immediate loss of revenue. If we experience frequent or persistent system failures, the attractiveness of our technologies and services to clients and third-party publishers could be permanently harmed. The steps we have taken to increase the reliability and redundancy of our systems are expensive, reduce our operating margin and may not be successful in reducing the frequency or duration of unscheduled interruptions. 
 36 

Acquisitions and investments could complicate operations, or could result in dilution and other harmful conseq  uences that may adversely impact our business and results of operations.  
 Acquisitions have historically been an important element of our overall corporate strategy and use of capital. Any possible future acquisitions or investments could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. We may evaluate and enter into discussions regarding a wide array of potential strategic transactions. The process of integrating an acquired company, business or technology has created, and will continue to create, unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities and harm our business generally. 
 Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expense, impairment of goodwill or restructuring charges, any of which could harm our financial condition or results. Also, the anticipated benefit of many of our acquisitions may not materialize. 
 We rely on call centers, Internet and data center providers, and other third-parties for key aspects of the process of providing services to our clients, and any failure or interruption in the services and products provided by these third-parties could harm our business. 
 We rely on internal and third-party call centers as well as third-party vendors, data centers and Internet providers. Notwithstanding disaster recovery and business continuity plans and precautions instituted to protect our clients and us from events that could interrupt delivery of services, there is no guarantee that such interruptions would not result in a prolonged interruption in our ability to provide services to our clients. Any temporary or permanent interruption in the services provided by our call centers or third-party providers could significantly harm our business. 
 In addition, any financial or other difficulties our third-party providers face may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which we cannot predict. We exercise little control over our third-party vendors, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. We license technology and related databases from third-parties to facilitate analysis and storage of data and delivery of offerings. We have experienced interruptions and delays in service and availability for data centers, bandwidth and other technologies in the past. Any errors, failures, interruptions or delays experienced in connection with these third-party technologies and services could adversely affect our business and could expose us to liabilities to third-parties. 
 We may need additional capital in the future to meet our financial obligations and to pursue our business objectives. Additional capital may not be available or may not be available on favorable terms and our business and financial condition could therefore be adversely affected. 
 While we anticipate that our existing cash and cash equivalents, together with availability under our revolving loan facility and cash from operations, will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months, we may need to raise additional capital, including debt capital, to fund operations in the future or to finance acquisitions. If we seek to raise additional capital in order to meet various objectives, including developing future technologies and services, increasing working capital, acquiring businesses, and responding to competitive pressures, capital may not be available on favorable terms or may not be available at all. In addition, our revolving loan facility limits the incurrence of additional indebtedness and is secured by substantially all of our assets, leaving us with limited collateral for additional financing. Lack of sufficient capital resources could significantly limit our ability to take advantage of business and strategic opportunities. Any additional capital raised through the sale of equity or debt securities with an equity component would dilute our stock ownership. If adequate additional funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate material parts of our business strategy, including potential additional acquisitions or development of new technologies. 
 Our quarterly revenue and results of operations may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter due to fluctuations in advertising spending, including seasonal and cyclical effects. 
 In addition to other factors that cause our results of operations to fluctuate, results are also subject to significant seasonal fluctuation. In particular, our quarters ending December 31 (our second fiscal quarter) are typically characterized by seasonal weakness. During that quarter, there is generally lower availability of lead supply from some forms of media during the holiday period on a cost effective basis and some of our clients have lower budgets. In our quarters ending March 31 (our third fiscal quarter), this trend generally reverses with better lead availability and often new budgets at the beginning of the year for our clients with fiscal years ending December 31. 
 37 

Furthermore, advertising spend on the Internet, similar to traditional media, tends to be cyclical and discretionary as a result of factors beyond our control, including budgetary constraints and buying patterns of clients, as well as economic conditions a  ffecting the Internet and media industry. For example, recent weather and other events have led to short-term increases in insurance industry client loss ratios, which in turn have led to decreased client spend on online performance marketing. In addition,   inherent industry specific risks (e.g., Insurance industry loss ratios and cutbacks) and poor macroeconomic conditions as well as such short-term events could decrease our clients  advertising spending and thereby have a material adverse effect on our bus  iness, financial condition, and operating results.  
 If the market for online marketing services fails to continue to develop, our success may be limited, and our revenue may decrease. 
 The online marketing services market is relatively new and rapidly evolving, and it uses different measurements from traditional media to gauge its effectiveness. Some of our current or potential clients have little or no experience using the Internet for advertising and marketing purposes and have allocated only limited portions of their advertising and marketing budgets to the Internet. The adoption of online marketing, particularly by those companies that have historically relied upon traditional media for advertising, requires the acceptance of a new way of conducting business, exchanging information and evaluating new advertising and marketing technologies and services. 
 In particular, we are dependent on our clients  adoption of new metrics to measure the success of online marketing campaigns. Certain of our metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. We present key metrics such as cost-per-click, cost-per-lead and cost-per-acquisition, some of which are calculated using internal data. We periodically review and refine some of our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and calculating these metrics. While our metrics are based on what we believe to be reasonable measurements and methodologies, there are inherent challenges in deriving our metrics. In addition, our user metrics may differ from estimates published by third-parties or from similar metrics of our competitors due to differences in methodology. If clients or publishers do not perceive our metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics, it could negatively affect our business model and current or potential clients  willingness to adopt our metrics. 
 We may also experience resistance from traditional advertising agencies who may be advising our clients. We cannot assure you that the market for online marketing services will continue to grow. If the market for online marketing services fails to continue to develop or develops more slowly than we anticipate, the success of our business may be limited, and our revenue may decrease. 
 If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position and business may suffer. 
 Our ability to compete effectively depends upon our proprietary systems and technology. We rely on patent, trade secret, trademark and copyright law, confidentiality agreements, and technical measures to protect our proprietary rights. We enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, independent contractors, advisors, client vendors, and publishers. These agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or unauthorized parties from copying aspects of our services or obtaining and using our proprietary information. Further, these agreements may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosures or uses, and we cannot assure you that our rights under such agreements will be enforceable. Effective patent, trade secret, copyright, and trademark protection may not be available in all countries where we currently operate or in which we may operate in the future. Some of our systems and technologies are not covered by any copyright, patent or patent application. We cannot guarantee that: (i) our intellectual property rights will provide competitive advantages to us; (ii) our ability to assert our intellectual property rights against potential competitors or to settle current or future disputes will be effective; (iii) our intellectual property rights will be enforced in jurisdictions where competition may be intense or where legal protection may be weak; (iv) any of the patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property rights that we presently employ in our business will not lapse or be invalidated, circumvented, challenged, or abandoned; (v) competitors will not design around our protected systems and technology; or (vi) that we will not lose the ability to assert our intellectual property rights against others. 
 We have from time to time become aware of third-parties who we believe may have infringed our intellectual property rights. Such infringement or infringement of which we are not yet aware could reduce our competitive advantages and cause us to lose clients, third-party publishers or could otherwise harm our business. Policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights can be difficult and costly. Litigation, while it may be necessary to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention and could adversely affect our business, even if we are successful on the merits. In addition, others may independently discover trade secrets and proprietary information, and in such cases we could not assert any trade secret rights against such parties. 
 38 

Third-parties may sue us for intellectual property infringement, which, even if unsuccessful, could require us to expend significant costs to defend or settle.  
 We cannot be certain that our internally developed or acquired systems and technologies do not and will not infringe the intellectual property rights of others. In addition, we license content, software and other intellectual property rights from third-parties and may be subject to claims of infringement if such parties do not possess the necessary intellectual property rights to the products they license to us. 
 In addition, we have in the past, and may in the future, be subject to legal proceedings and claims that we have infringed the patents or other intellectual property rights of third-parties. These claims sometimes involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners who have no relevant product revenue and against whom our own intellectual property rights, if any, may therefore provide little or no deterrence. For example, in December 2012, Internet Patents Corporation ( IPC ) filed a patent infringement lawsuit against us in the Northern District of California alleging that some of our websites infringe a patent held by IPC. IPC is a non-practicing entity that relies on asserting its patents as its primary source of revenue. In addition, third-parties have asserted and may in the future assert intellectual property infringement claims against our clients, and we have agreed in certain circumstances to indemnify and defend against such claims. Any intellectual property-related infringement claims, whether or not meritorious and regardless of the outcome of the litigation, could result in costly litigation and could divert management resources and attention. Should we be found liable for infringement, we may be required to enter into licensing agreements, if available on acceptable terms or at all, pay substantial damages, or limit or curtail our systems and technologies. Moreover, we may need to redesign some of our systems and technologies to avoid future infringement liability. Any of the foregoing could prevent us from competing effectively and increase our costs. 
 Additionally, the laws relating to use of trademarks on the Internet are unsettled, particularly as they apply to search engine functionality. For example, other Internet marketing and search companies have been sued for trademark infringement and other intellectual property-related claims for displaying ads or search results in response to user queries that include trademarked terms. The outcomes of these lawsuits have differed from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. We may be subject to trademark infringement, unfair competition, misappropriation or other intellectual property-related claims which could be costly to defend and result in substantial damages or otherwise limit or curtail our activities, and therefore adversely affect our business or prospects. 
 Limitations on our ability to collect and use data derived from user activities, as well as new technologies that block our ability to deliver Internet-based advertising, could significantly diminish the value of our services and have an adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue. 
 When a user visits our websites, we use technologies, including  cookies,  to collect information such as the user s IP address and the user s past responses to our offerings. We also have relationships with data partners that collect and provide us with user data. We access and analyze this information in order to determine the effectiveness of a marketing campaign and to determine how to modify the campaign. The use of cookies is the subject of litigation, regulatory scrutiny and industry self-regulatory activities, including the discussion of  do-not-track  technologies and guidelines. 
 Additionally, users are able to block or delete cookies from their browser. Periodically, certain of our clients and publishers seek to prohibit or limit our collection or use of data derived from the use of cookies. Technologies, tools, software and applications (including new and enhanced web browsers) have been developed, and are likely to continue to be developed, that can block or allow users to opt out of display, search, and Internet-based advertising and content, delete or block the cookies used to deliver such advertising, or shift the location in which advertising appears on pages so that our advertisements do not show up in the most monetizable places on our pages or are obscured. As a result, the adoption of such technologies, tools, software, and applications could reduce the number of display and search advertisements that we are able to deliver and/or our ability to deliver Internet-based advertising and this, in turn, could reduce our results of operations. 
 Interruptions, failures or defects in our data collection systems, as well as privacy concerns and regulatory changes or enforcement actions affecting our or our data partners  ability to collect user data, could also limit our ability to analyze data from, and thereby optimize, our clients  marketing campaigns. If our access to data is limited in the future, we may be unable to provide effective technologies and services to clients and we may lose clients and revenue. 
 39 

If we fail to maintain proper an  d effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis or effectively prevent fraud could be impaired, which would adversely affect our ability to operate our business.  
 In order to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ( SOX Act ), our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. We may in the future discover areas of our internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that need improvement. Our internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. All control systems have inherent limitations, and, accordingly, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. If we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal controls, we may not be able to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis, which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and could result in regulatory action. 
 If we fail to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting or are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting may be adversely affected.  
 We must maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in order to accurately and timely report our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the SOX Act requires, among other things, that we assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, and the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures quarterly. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of the SOX Act in a timely manner, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by NASDAQ, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would diminish investor confidence in our financial reporting and require additional financial and management resources, each of which may adversely affect our business and operating results.  
    We did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting over the accuracy of the accounting for stock-based compensation expense for market-based restricted stock units. Specifically our internal controls with respect to stock-based compensation were not designed to appropriately identify and apply different expense recognition methodologies and, as a result, the compensation expense for market-based restricted stock units was incorrectly accounted for using a straight-line basis rather than an accelerated basis over the requisite service period.  
    This control deficiency resulted in an audit adjustment to our operating expenses and the revision of our quarterly financial statements used to derive  the selected quarterly financial data table included in Item 7 in the Company s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the periods ended September 30, 2015, December 31, 2015 and March 31, 2016. Additionally, management assessed that this control deficiency could result in a misstatement of the aforementioned account balances and disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to our annual or quarterly financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a tim  ely basis.  Accordingly, we determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness.   Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 
     
 If we fail to effectively remediate this material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we may be unable to timely and accurately report our financial results, which could subject us to adverse consequences including, but not limited to, regulatory or enforcement actions by the SEC or NASDAQ. Even if we are able to report our financial statements accurately and in a timely manner, or if we do not make all necessary improvements to address this material weakness, continued disclosure of this material weakness will be required in future filings with the SEC, which could cause our reputation to be harmed and our stock price to decline.  
 We cannot assure you that we have identified all, or that we will not in the future have additional, material weaknesses. Material weaknesses may still exist when we report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as required by the reporting requirements under Section 404 of the SOX Act. The standards required for a Section 404 assessment under the SOX Act may in the future require us to implement additional corporate governance practices and adhere to additional reporting requirements. These stringent standards require that our audit committee be advised and regularly updated on management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting. Our management may not be able to effectively and timely implement controls and procedures that adequately respond to the increased regulatory compliance and reporting requirements that are or will be applicable to us as a public company. If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our business and reputation may be harmed and our stock price may decline. Furthermore, investor perceptions of us may be adversely affected which could cause a decline in the market price of our common stock.  
 40 

As a creator and a distributor of Internet content, we face potential liability and expenses for legal claims based on the nature and content of the materials that we create or distribute  , including ma  terials provided by our clients  . If we are required to pay damages or expenses in connection with these legal claims, our results of operations and business may be harmed.  
 We display original content and third-party content on our websites and in our marketing messages. In addition, our clients provide us with advertising creative and financial information (e.g., insurance premium or credit card interest rates) that we display on our owned and operated and our third-party publishers  websites. As a result, we face potential liability based on a variety of claims, including defamation, negligence, deceptive advertising (including Department of Education regulations regarding misrepresentation in education marketing and Federal Trade Commission regulations), copyright or trademark infringement. We are also exposed to risk that content provided by third-parties or clients is inaccurate or misleading, and for material posted to our websites by users and other third-parties. These claims, whether brought in the United States or abroad, could divert our management s time and attention away from our business and result in significant costs to investigate, defend, and respond to investigative demands, regardless of the merit of these claims. In addition, if we become subject to these types of claims and are not successful in our defense, we may be forced to pay substantial damages. 
 We face additional risks in conducting business in international markets. 
 We have entered into certain international markets and may enter into additional international markets in the future, including through acquisitions. We have limited experience in marketing, selling and supporting our services outside of the United States, and we may not be successful in introducing or marketing our services abroad. For example, in fiscal year 2015, we acquired a company specializing in online marketing to financial services clients in Brazil. While we already have a foothold in the Brazilian education market, our expansion into the financial services market in Brazil is new and as such, we cannot guarantee that we will achieve the same success as we have with the Brazilian education market. 
 There are risks and challenges inherent in conducting business in international markets, such as: 

adapting our technologies and services to foreign clients  preferences and customs;     

successfully navigating foreign laws and regulations, including marketing, privacy regulations, employment and labor regulations;     

changes in foreign political and economic conditions;     

tariffs and other trade barriers, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and potentially adverse tax consequences;     

language barriers or cultural differences;     

reduced or limited protection for intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions;     

difficulties and costs in staffing, managing or overseeing foreign operations;     

education of potential clients who may not be familiar with online marketing;     

challenges in collecting accounts receivables; and     

successfully interpreting and complying with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws, particularly when operating in countries with varying degrees of governmental corruption.     

 If we are unable to successfully expand and market our services abroad, our business and future growth may be harmed, and we may incur costs that may not lead to future revenue. 
 41 

In the past, we have recognized impairments in the carrying value of goodwill. Additional such charges in the future could negatively affect our financial condition an  d results of operations.  
 We continue to have a substantial amount of goodwill and purchased intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet as a result of historical acquisitions. The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of an acquired business in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. The carrying value of intangible assets with identifiable useful lives represents the fair value of relationships, content, domain names, acquired technology, among others, as of the acquisition date, and are amortized based on their economic lives. Goodwill that is expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows is not amortized, but must be evaluated for impairment at least annually. If the carrying value exceeds current fair value as determined based on the discounted future cash flows of the related business, the goodwill or intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. Events and conditions that could result in impairment include adverse changes in the regulatory environment, a reduced market capitalization or other factors leading to reduction in expected long-term growth or profitability. 
 Goodwill impairment analysis and measurement is a process that requires significant judgment. Our stock price and any estimated control premium are factors affecting the assessment of the fair value of our underlying reporting units for purposes of performing any goodwill impairment assessment. For example, our public market capitalization sustained a decline after December 31, 2012 and June 30, 2014 to a value below the net book carrying value of our equity, triggering the need for a goodwill impairment analysis. As a result of our goodwill impairment analysis, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge in those periods. Additionally, in the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, our stock price experienced volatility and our public market capitalization decreased to a value below the net book carrying value of our equity, triggering the need for an interim impairment test. While no impairment was recorded as a result of the interim impairment test, it is possible that another material change could occur in the future. We will continue to conduct impairment analyses of our goodwill on an annual basis, unless indicators of possible impairment arise that would cause a triggering event, and we would be required to take additional impairment charges in the future if any recoverability assessments reflect estimated fair values that are less than our recorded values. Further impairment charges with respect to our goodwill could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We could lose clients if we fail to detect click-through or other fraud on advertisements in a manner that is acceptable to our clients. 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraudulent clicks or actions on our websites or our third-party publishers  websites, which could lead our clients to become dissatisfied with our campaigns, and in turn, lead to loss of clients and related revenue. Click-through fraud occurs when an individual clicks on an ad displayed on a website, or an automated system is used to create such clicks, with the intent of generating the revenue-share payment to the publisher rather than viewing the underlying content. Action fraud occurs when online lead forms are completed with false or fictitious information in an effort to increase a publisher s compensable actions. From time to time, we have experienced fraudulent clicks or actions. We do not charge our clients for fraudulent clicks or actions when they are detected, and such fraudulent activities could negatively affect our profitability or harm our reputation. If fraudulent clicks or actions are not detected, the affected clients may experience a reduced return on their investment in our marketing programs, which could lead the clients to become dissatisfied with our campaigns, and in turn, lead to loss of clients and related revenue. Additionally, from time to time, we have had to, and in the future may have to, terminate relationships with publishers whom we believed to have engaged in fraud. Termination of such relationships entails a loss of revenue associated with the legitimate actions or clicks generated by such publishers. 
 As a public company, we are subject to compliance initiatives that will require substantial time from our management and result in significantly increased costs that may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, and other rules implemented by the SEC and NASDAQ, impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. These and proposed corporate governance laws and regulations under consideration may further increase our compliance costs. If compliance with these various legal and regulatory requirements diverts our management s attention from other business concerns, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also expect that these laws and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage than used to be available. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors, on committees of our board of directors, or as executive officers. 
 42 

Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock  
 Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future, which may lead to you not being able to resell shares of our common stock at or above the price you paid, delisting, securities litigation or hostile or otherwise unfavorable takeover offers. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been volatile since our initial public offering and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include those discussed in this  Risk Factors  section of this report and other factors such as: 

our ability to grow our revenues and adjusted EBITDA margin and to manage any such growth effectively;     

changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts;     

announcements about our revenue, earnings or other financial results that are not in line with analyst expectations;     

geopolitical and world economic conditions;     

our ability to find, develop or retain high quality targeted media on a cost effective basis;     

relatively low trading volume in our stock, which creates inherent volatility regardless of factors related to our business performance or prospects;     

the sale of, or indication of the intent to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock by our directors, officers or substantial shareholders;     

announcements by us or our competitors of new services, significant contracts, commercial relationships, acquisitions or capital commitments;     

our commencement of, involvement in, or a perceived threat of litigation or regulatory enforcement action; and     

negative publicity about us, our industry, our clients or our clients  industries.     

 In recent years, the stock market in general, and the market for technology and Internet-based companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. As a result of this volatility, you may not be able to sell your common stock at or above the price paid for the shares. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 Moreover, a declining stock price may make us attractive to hedge funds and other short-term investors which could result in substantial stock price volatility and cause fluctuations in trading volumes for our stock. A relatively low stock price may also cause us to become subject to an unsolicited or hostile acquisition bid which could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management attention and resources. In the event that such a bid is publicly disclosed, it may result in increased speculation and volatility in our stock price even if our board of directors decides not to pursue a transaction. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse opinion regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us, our business or the industries or businesses of our clients. If any of the analysts issue an adverse opinion regarding our stock or if our actual results do not meet analyst estimates, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 Our directors and executive officers and their respective affiliates have substantial influence over us and could delay or prevent a change in corporate control. 
   As of September 30, 2016, our directors and executive officers, together with their affiliates, beneficially owned approximately 23% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, have substantial influence over the outcome of  
 43 

matters   submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, these stockholders, acting together, have significant influence over the manageme  nt and affairs of our company. Accordingly, this concentration of ownership may have the effect of:  

delaying, deferring or preventing a change in corporate control;     

impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us; or     

discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us.     

 Provisions in our charter documents under Delaware law and in contractual obligations could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable and may lead to entrenchment of management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our management without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include: 

a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors;     

no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates;     

the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors;     

the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer;     

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders;     

the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or the board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and     

advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders  meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us.     

 We are also subject to certain anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not, in general, engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. 
 We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 We have not declared or paid dividends on our common stock and we do not intend to do so in the near term. We currently intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. Additionally, the terms of our revolving loan facility restrict our ability to pay dividends. Therefore, you are not likely to receive any dividends on your common stock in the near term, and capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future.   
   
 44 

ITEM 2. UNRE    GISTERED SALES OF EQUI  TY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by QuinStreet, Inc. 
 None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

45 

ITEM 6. E  XHIBITS  
 See the Exhibit Index following the signature page to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a list of exhibits filed or furnished with this report, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 
 46 

SIGNAT  URES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

QUINSTREET, INC.   

/s/ Gregory Wong   

Gregory Wong   

Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and duly authorized signatory)  

Date: November 9, 2016  

47 

EXHIBIT   INDEX  

Exhibit 
 Number  

Description of Document  

10.1*  

Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement.  

31.1*  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2*  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS*  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

*   
 
 Filed herewith.    

Furnished herewith.    

48  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 qnst-ex101_238.htm
 FORM OF CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

qnst-ex101_238.htm

EXHIBIT 10.1  
   
 CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT (this   Agreement  ) is made by and between QuinStreet, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   Company  ), and ______________ (the   Executive  ) and is dated as of the date signed by the Executive (the   Effective Date  ). 
 WHEREAS, the Company considers it essential to the best interests of its stockholders to foster the continuous employment of key management personnel;  
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the   Board  ) and its Compensation Committee (the   Committee  ) recognize that, as is the case with many publicly-held corporations, the possibility of a Change in Control (as defined below) exists, and that such possibility, and the uncertainty and questions which it may raise among management, could result in the departure or distraction of management personnel to the detriment of the Company and its stockholders; and  
 WHEREAS, the Board and the Committee have determined that appropriate steps should be taken to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of members of the Company s management, including the Executive, to their assigned duties without distraction in light of the possibility of a Change in Control, and to ensure Company executive compensation practices are competitive with market practices in the recruiting and retention of management personnel;  
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the Company and the Employee hereby agree as follows. 
   Section 1.   Definitions  .  As hereinafter used:  
   Cause   shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: 
 (i) Any act or omission which constitutes a material willful breach of the Executive s material obligations to the Company or the Executive s continued and  willful refusal to substantially perform the duties reasonably required of the Executive, either of which results in material injury to the interest or business reputation of the Company and which breach, failure or refusal (if susceptible to cure) is not corrected (other than failure to correct by reason of the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness) within 30 days after written notification thereof to the Executive by the Company;  provided  that no act or failure to act on the Executive s part shall be deemed willful unless done or omitted to be done by the Executive not in good faith and without reasonable belief that the Executive s action or omission was in the best interest of the Company; 
 (ii) The Executive s commission of any dishon est or fraudulent act, or any other act or omission with respect to the Company, which has caused or may reasonably be expected to cause a material injury to the interest or business reputation of the Company and which act or omission is not successfully refuted by the Executive within 30 days after written notification thereof to the Executive by the Company; 
 (iii) The Executive s plea of guilty or   nolo contendere  to or conviction of a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or any other plea or confession of a similar crime in a jurisdiction in which the Company conducts business; or 

(iv)   The Executive s commission of a fraudulent act or participation in misconduct which leads to a material restatement of the Company s financial st  atements.  
   Change in Control   shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the following conditions shall have been satisfied: 
                 (i)    Any one person or more than one person acting as a group (as determined under  Section 409A   of the Code), other than (A) any em  ployee plan established by the Company, (B)   the Company or any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act), (C)   an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (D) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company, is or becomes, during any 12-month period, the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such person(s) any securities acquired directly from the Company or its affiliates other than in connection with the acquisition by the Company or its affiliates of a business) representing 50% or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company;  provided    that the provisions of this   subsection (i) are not intended to apply to or include as a Change in Control any transaction that is specifically excepted from the definition of Change in Contro  l under subsection (iii) below; 
 (ii)  A change in the composition of the Board such that, during any 12-month period, the individuals who, as of the beginning of such period, constitute the Board (the    Existing Board  ) cease for any reason to constitute at least 50% of the Board;  provided ,  however , that any individual becoming a member of the Board subsequent to the beginning of such period whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors immediately prior to the date of such appointment or election shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Existing Board; and  provided ,  further ,  however , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, no individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest (as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 or Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act or successor statutes or rules containing analogous concepts) or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of an individual, corporation, partnership, group, associate or other entity or  person  other than the Board, shall in any event be considered to be a member of the Existing Board; 
   (iii)  The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation or other entity, or the issuance of voting securities in connection with a merger or consolidation of the Company pursuant to applicable stock exchange require ments;  provided  that immediately following such merger or consolidation the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto do not continue to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity of such merger or consolidation or parent entity thereof) 50% or more of the total voting power of the Company s stock (or if the Company is not the surviving entity of such merger or consolidation, 50% or more of the total voting power of the stock of such surviving entity or parent entity thereof); and  provided ,  further   , that a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no person (as determined under Section 409A of the Code) is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its affiliates other than in connection with the acquisition by the Company or its affiliates of a business) representing 50% or more of either the then-outstanding shares of Company common stock or the combined voting power of the Company s then-outstanding voting securities shall not be considered a Change in Control; or 
     (iv)    The sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in which any one person or more than one person acting as a group (as determined under  Section 409A of the Code) acquires (or has acquired during the 12- month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition  

by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to more than 50% of the total gross fair market value of all of   the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions.  
   Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of Company common stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions and (2) no event or circumstances described in any of clauses (i) through (iv) above shall constitute a Change in Control unless such event or circumstances also constitute a change in t  he ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets, as defined in Section 409A of the Code. In addition, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred upon the acquisition of additional control of the Company by any one person or more than one person acting as a group that is considered to effectively control the Company.  
     Terms used in the definition of a Change in Control shall be as defined or interpreted pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. 
   Change in Control Period   means the period starting 3 months prior to a Change in Control and ending 12 months period following such Change in Control. 
   Code   shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
   Equity Awards   means all outstanding Company equity awards (including, without limitation, stock options, restricted stock units, performance-based stock units, and restricted stock), together with any cash, assumed or converted awards into which the foregoing have been converted pursuant to a transaction agreement with respect to a Change in Control, that the Executive holds on a given date.  
   Exchange Act   shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
   Good Reason   shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: 
 (i)  Any material diminution in the Executive s title, position, responsibilities, authority, line of reporting, or reporting responsibilities, including any such diminution resulting from a transaction in which the Company is no longer a public  company; 
 (ii)  Any reduction in the Executive s annual base salary or annual target cash bonus opportunity;  
 (iii)  A relocation of more than 25 miles from the location of the Executive s principal job location or office prior to a Change in Control; or  
 (iv)  Any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company of any agreement pursuant to which the Executive provides services to the Company or failure by a successor or assignee of the Company to assume (by operation of law or cont ract) this Agreement; 
 provided , that the Executive provides the Company with a written notice indicating the Executive s intent to terminate his or her employment for Good Reason within 90 days of the Executive becoming aware of any circumstances set forth above, that the Executive provides the Company with at least 30 days following receipt of such notice to remedy such circumstances, and if not remedied, Executive terminates employment within 60 days following the date of such written notice.  

Qualifying   Termination    means a termination of Executive s employment (x) by the Company or an affiliate without Cause or (y) by the Executive for Good Reason.  
   Release   means a general release of claims substantially in the form attached as  Exhibit A  hereto.  
   Securities Act   shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
   Separation from Service   means the Executive s termination of employment with the Company and its Affiliates (which shall be interpreted in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A to the extent required). 
   Term   shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the third anniversary thereof,  provided , that commencing on the third anniversary of the date hereof and on each third anniversary thereafter, the Term shall be automatically extended for an additional three-year period unless otherwise provided by the Board or Committee; and  provided ,  further , that if a Change in Control shall have occurred during the Term, the Term shall expire no earlier than 12 months beyond the date of such Change in Control. 
   Section 2.   Treatment of Performance Equity Awards.    Except as expressly set forth in an award agreement, with respect to any Equity Awards that are subject to performance conditions, if a Change of Control occurs before the end of a performance period and before the achievement of the performance conditions has been determined (   Performance Awards   ), such performance conditions shall be deemed achieved (at the maximum level if applicable) prior to the Change of Control but shall remain subject to the service-based vesting conditions originally set forth in such Performance Award (the    Earned Performance Awards   ).  
   Section 3.   Severance Eligibility and Benefits  .      
 (a)    Benefits Upon Qualifying Termination .  In the event of a Qualifying Termination during a Change in Control Period during the Term, then the Executive shall be entitled to the following (the   Severance Benefits  ), in addition to payment of any accrued and unpaid compensation and benefits in accordance with applicable law and the applicable plan: 
   (i)   Provided that, within 55 days following the Separation from Service, the Executive has executed the Release, and any applicable revocation periods relating to the Release have expired:  
   (A)   A lump sum cash payment equal to the sum of Executive s annual base salary and Executive s annual cash target bonus, in each case equal to the greatest of that in effect as of (1) immediately prior to the Separation from Service, (2) on the date of the Change in Control or (3) prior to an event resulting in Good Reason;  
   (B)   A lump sum cash payment equal to 12 times 135% of the amount of monthly COBRA continuation premiums for the Executive and his or her eligible dependents as of the Separation from Service for the coverage option and level of medical, dental and/or vision coverage in effect for the Executive immediately prior to the Separation from Service; and  
 (C)   Any Equity Awards (including without limitation Earned Performance Awards) that are outstanding and unvested immediately prior to the Separation from Service will not be forfeited but will become fully vested and, if applicable, exercisable or settled on the date on which the Release becomes irrevocable (or as soon as practical thereafter, but in no event later than 60 days following the Separation from Service).  

(b)    Timing of Severance Benefits  .    The Severance Benefits shall be paid to the Executive within 60 days following the Separation from Service, but in no event later than 15 days following the date on which the Release becomes irrevocable;   provided  , that if the 60-day period begins in one ta    xable year and ends in a second taxable year, the Severance Benefits shall be paid in the second taxable year to the extent required to avoid any additional tax, interest or penalties under   Section 409A   of the Code.  
   (c)   Other Severance Payments  .  In the event that the Company is obligated by law or contract to pay an Executive other severance pay, notice pay, or the like, or if the Company is obligated by law to provide advance notice of separation (   Other Severance   ), then the amount of the Severance Benefits otherwise payable to Executive shall be reduced by the amount of any such Other Severance actually paid to the Executive (but not below zero). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Section 3(c) shall prevent the Board, or the Committee, from making any subsequent determinations with respect to severance payments and benefits payable to an Executive.  
   (d)   No Mitigation  .  The Company agrees that the Executive is not required to seek other employment or to attempt in any way to reduce any amounts payable to the Executive by the Company pursuant to Section 3(a) hereof.  Further, except as set forth in Section 3(c), the amount of any payment or benefit provided for in this Agreement shall not be reduced by any compensation earned by the Executive as the result of employment by another employer, by retirement benefits, by offset against any amount claimed to be owed by the Executive to the Company, or otherwise.  
   Section 4.   Successors; Binding Agreement  .    
   (a)   Successors  .  In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor to the Company, the Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume and agree to perform this Agreement (whether by operation of law or by express contractual assumption) in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place.  
   (b)   Enforcement by Executive s Successors  .  The Company s obligations under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.  If the Executive shall die while any amount would still be payable to the Executive hereunder if the Executive had continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the executors, personal representatives or administrators of the Executive s estate.  
   Section 5.   Settlement of Disputes  .  If the Executive and the Company (collectively, the    Parties   ) are unable to resolve any controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or breach thereof; either Party shall refer the dispute to binding arbitration, which shall be the exclusive forum of resolving such claims. Such arbitration will be administered by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (   JAMS   ) pursuant to its Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures and governed by California law.  The arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator selected by the Parties according to the rules of JAMS.  If the Parties fail to agree on the selection of the arbitrator within 30 days after either the Executive or the Company s request for arbitration, the arbitrator will be chosen by JAMS.  The arbitration proceeding shall commence on a mutually agreeable date within 90 days after the request for arbitration, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, and in California, unless the Parties agree otherwise.  The arbitrator shall have no power or authority to make awards or orders granting relief that would not be available to a party in a court of law.  The arbitrator s award is limited by and must comply with the terms of this Agreement and applicable federal, state, and local laws.  The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the Parties.  

Section 6.    Parachute Payments.  
           (a)   Treatment of Payments  .  Notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement, in the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by the Executive in connection with a Change in Control or the termination of the Executive s employment or service (whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company, any subsidiary, any affiliate, any person whose actions result in a Change in Control or any person affiliated with the Company or such person) (all such payments and benefits, the    Total Payments     ) would be subject (in whole or part) to an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code (the    Excise Tax     ), then, after taking into account any reduction in the Total Payments provided by reason of Section 280G of t  he Code in such other plan, arrangement or agreement, the payment or benefit to be received by the Executive upon a Change in Control shall, in the Company s discretion, be either (i) reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such Total Pay  ments will be one dollar less than three times the Executive s  base amount  (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) so that no portion of the Total Payments shall be subject to the Excise Tax (the    Required Reduction   ) or (ii) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax position to the Executive (taking into account the Excise Tax and any other applicable taxes).  
               (b)   Ordering of Reduction  .  In the case of a reduction in the Total Payments pursuant to Section 6(a)  , the Total Payments will be reduced in the following order: (i) by reducing any payments to be made to the Executive under Section 2(a)(i); (ii) by reducing any other cash payments to be ma  de to the Executive (excluding any cash payment with respect to the acceleration of equity-based compensation); (iii) by canceling the acceleration of vesting of outstanding Equity Awards; and (iv) by reducing any other benefits provided to the Executive.  In the case of the reductions to be made pursuant to each of the above-mentioned clauses, the payment and/or benefit amounts to be reduced, and the acceleration of vesting to be cancelled, shall be reduced or cancelled in the inverse order of their origin  ally scheduled   dates of payment or vesting, as applicable, and shall be so reduced (x) only to the extent that the payment and/or benefit otherwise to be paid, or the vesting of the award that otherwise would be accelerated, would be treated as a  parachut  e payment  within the meaning section 280G(b)  (2)(A) of the Code and (y) only to the extent necessary to achieve the Required Reduction.  
   Section 7.   General Provisions.  
   (a)   Notices  .  All notices and communications that are required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered personally or upon mailing by registered or certified mail or by email, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, as follows:  
 If to the Company:  
 QuinStreet, Inc. 950 Tower Lane, 6 th  Floor Foster City, CA  94404  Attn: Office of the General Counsel  Email:  legal@quinstreet.com 
 If to the Executive, to the address on file with the Company, 
 or in either case to such other address as may be specified in a notice given by one party to the other party hereunder. 
     (b)   Assignment  .  Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, no right or interest of Executive under this Agreement shall be assignable or transferable, in whole or in part, either directly or by operation of   

law or otherwise, includ  ing without limitation, by execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge or in any manner; no attempted assignment or transfer thereof shall be effective; and no right or interest of Executive under this Agreement shall be subject to any obligation or l  iability of Executive. When a payment is due under this Agreement to Executive but Executive is unable to care for his or her affairs, payment may be made directly to his or her legal guardian or personal representative.  
   (c)   Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to any conflicts or choice of law, rule or principle that might otherwise refer the interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction.  
   (d)   Withholding  .  Any payments and benefits provided for hereunder shall be paid net of any applicable withholding required under applicable law.  
   (e)   Survival  .  The obligations of the Company and the Executive under this Agreement which by their nature and express terms may require either partial or total performance after the expiration of the Term (including, without limitation, those under Section 3) shall survive such expiration.  
   (f)   No Right to Continued Employment  .  Neither the establishment of this Agreement, nor any modification thereof; nor the creation of any fund, trust or account, nor the payment of any benefits shall be construed as giving Executive, or any person whomsoever, the right to be retained in the service of the Company, and Executive shall remain subject to discharge to the same extent as if this Agreement had never been adopted.  
       (g)   Headings Descriptive    .  The headings of sections   and paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.  
   (h)   Benefits Unfunded  .  This Agreement shall not be funded. The Executive shall not have any right to, or interest in, any assets of the Company which may be applied by the Company to the payment of benefits or other rights under this Agreement.  
   (i)   Entire Agreement  .  This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral.  
 (j)   Enforceability  .  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.  
                           (k)   Section 409A  .  This Agreement sha  ll be interpreted to avoid any penalty sanctions under Section 409A   of the Code.  If any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without incurring sanctions under Section 409A of the Code, then such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such sanctions will not be imposed.  All payments to be made upon a termination of employment or date of termination under this Agreement will be made upon a Separation from Service. For purposes   of Section 409A   of the Code, each payment made under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment.  In no event may the Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment.  To the maximum extent permitted under Section 409A   of the Code and its corresponding regulations, the Severance Benefits are intended to meet the requirements of the short-term deferral exemption under Section 409A of the Code and the  separation pay exception  under Treas. Reg.  1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii).  However, if the Severance Benefits do not qualify for such exemptions at the time of the Separation from   

Service and therefore are deemed as deferred compensation subject to the requirements of   Section 409A   of the Code, then if the Executive is a  specified em    ployee  under   Section 409A   of the Code on the date of the Separation from Service, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payment of Severance Benefits under this Agreement shall be delayed for a period of six months from the date of the Se    paration from Service if required by   Section 409A   of the Code.  The accumulated postponed amount shall be paid in a lump sum payment within 15 days after the end of the six-month period.  If the Executive dies during the postponement period prior to paymen    t of the postponed amount, the amounts withheld on account of   Section 409A   of the Code shall be paid to the Executive s estate within 15 days after the date of the Executive s death. All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement sha    ll be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of   Section 409A     of the Code, including, where applicable, the requirement that   (i)   any reimbursement shall be for expenses incurred during the Executive s lifetime (or during a shorter period of ti  me specified in this Agreement), (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in kind benefits provided, during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar   year, (iii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the year in which the expense is incurred and (iv) the right to reimbursement or in kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or ex  change for another benefit.   
 (l)   Counterparts  . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.  
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year first above written.  
 QUINSTREET, INC. 
   
 By:  _____________________ 
 Name: 
 Title: 
   
 EXECUTIVE 

_________________________ 

EXHIBIT A  
 FORM OF RELEASE 
 [DATE] [NAME] [ADDRESS] 
 RE: Release of Claims  
 Dear [NAME]: 
 This letter sets forth our mutual agreement concerning certain benefits to be provided to you under the Change in Control Severance Agreement dated _____ between you and QuinStreet, Inc. (the   Change in Control Severance Agreement  ). For purposes of this release agreement (this   Agreement  ), the   Company   shall include QuinStreet, Inc. and any and all parents, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors and affiliate corporations, and its and their respective current and former directors, officers, employees, agents, managers, stockholders, successors, assigns, and other representatives. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Change in Control Severance Agreement. 
 In exchange for you executing and not revoking this Agreement, the Company will provide you with the Severance Benefits set forth in the Change in Control Severance Agreement. In accordance with the terms of the Change in Control Severance Agreement, you hereby agree as follows: 
 Section 1.  Release of Claims. 
 1.1   In exchange for providing you with the Severance Benefits set forth in the Change in Contro l Severance Agreement, you agree to waive all claims against the Company, and to release and forever discharge the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by law, from any and all liability for any claims, rights or damages of any kind, whether known or unknown to you, that you may have against the Company as of the date of your execution of this Agreement, arising under any applicable federal, state or local law or ordinance, including but not limited to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Equal Pay Act, the Uniform Services Employment and Re-employment Rights Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, and claims for individual relief under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; California Fair Employment and Housing Act, California Labor Code, California Business and Professions Code, California Family Rights Act, and California Industrial Welfare Commission Wage Orders; and any other federal, state or local statute or constitutional provision governing employment; and all tort, contract (express or implied), common law, and public policy claims of any type whatsoever; all claims for invasion of privacy, defamation, intentional infliction of emotional distress, injury to reputation, pain and suffering, constructive and wrongful discharge, retaliation, wages, monetary or equitable relief; vacation pay, grant or awards under any unvested and/or cancelled equity and/or incentive compensation plan or program, separation and/or severance pay under any separation or severance pay plan maintained by the Company, any other employee fringe benefits plans, medical plans, or attorneys  fees; or any demand to seek discovery of any of the claims, rights or damages previously enumerated herein (collectively, the   Release of Claims  ). 

1.2    This Agreement is not intended to, and does not, release rights or claims that may arise after the date of your execution hereof, including withou  t limitation any rights or claims that you may have to secure enforcement of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. To the extent any claim, charge, complaint or action covered by the Release of Claims is brought by you, for your benefit or on your be  half; you expressly waive any claim to any form of monetary or other damages, including attorneys  fees and costs, or any other form of personal recovery or relief in connection with any such claim, charge, complaint or action. You further agree to dismiss   with prejudice any pending civil lawsuit or arbitration covered by the Release of Claims. For purposes of this Agreement,  you  shall include your heirs, executors, administrators, attorneys, representatives, successors and assigns.  
   1.3   This is a full a   nd final release of all such claims, whether those claims are now known or unknown, and you waive all rights or benefits that you may have or claim to have pursuant to the provisions of Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, which provides as follows: 
 A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor. 
   1.4   The Release of Claims does not waive any rights you may have been granted under the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws of the Company or any indemnification agreement between you and the Company relating to your actions on behalf of th   e Company in the scope of and during the course of your employment by the Company.  Nor does anything in this Agreement impair your rights to vested retirement or 401(k) benefits, if any, due you by virtue of your employment by the Company, or any elections, notices or benefits for which you are eligible as a separated employee of the Company.  The Release of Claims does not waive or release any claims that are not releasable by law. 
 Section 2.  Exceptions. 
   2.1   This Agreement does not prohibit or restrict    you from lawfully (i) communicating or cooperating with, providing relevant information to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by any governmental or regulatory body or official(s) or self  regulatory organization regarding a possible violation of any federal law relating to fraud or any rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission; (ii) filing an administrative complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, U.S. Department of Labor, National Labor Relations Board, or other federal, state or local agency responsible for administering fair employment, wage-hour, labor and other employment laws and regulations; (iii) cooperating in an investigation, or responding to an inquiry from any such agency; or (iv) testifying, participating in, or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding relating to a possible violation of any such law, rule or regulation;  provided ,  however , that you agree to waive any claim for individual monetary relief in connection with any such administrative complaint or charge. In addition, nothing in this Agreement precludes you from benefiting from classwide injunctive relief awarded in any employment case brought by any governmental agency or private party, provided that such relief does not result in your receipt of any monetary benefit or equivalent thereof You acknowledge and agree that you are waiving any right to recover any monetary damages or any other form of personal relief in connection with any such action, investigation or proceeding. 
   2.2   Any non-disclosure provision in this Agreement does not prohibit or restrict you or your attorneys from responding to any inquiry about this Agreement or its underlying facts and circumstances by the   

Securities and Exchange Commission or any other self-re  gulatory organization.  You have the right under federal law to certain protections for cooperating with or reporting legal violations to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) and/or its Office of the Whistleblower, as well as certain other go  vernmental entities and self-regulatory organizations.  
 Section 3.  Miscellaneous. 
 3.1  You understand and agree that you may not execute this Agreement prior to the date of termination of your employment. You also acknowledge that you have executed this Ag reement voluntarily, free of any duress or coercion. The Company has urged you to obtain the advice of an attorney or other representative of your choice, unrelated to the Company, before executing this Agreement, and you acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to do so. Further, you acknowledge that you have a full understanding of the terms of this Agreement. 
     3.2    You acknowledge that you have been given at least [21 days] 1     within which to consider executing this Agreement (the   Agreement Review Period  ) and seven days from the date of your execution of this Agreement within which to revoke it (the   Agreement Revocation Period  ). Your executed Agreement must be returned to the undersigned at the address set forth in the Change in Control Severance Ag  reement.  If you execute this Agreement prior to the end of the Agreement Review Period that the Company has provided for you, you agree and acknowledge that: (i) your execution was a knowing and voluntary waiver of your right to consider this Agreement for the full 21 days; and (ii) you had sufficient time in which to consider and understand the Agreement, and to review it with your attorney or other representative of your choice, if you wished.  Any revocation of this Agreement must be in writing and returned to the undersigned at the address set forth in the Change in Control Severance Agreement via certified U.S. Mail, return receipt requested. In the event that you revoke this Agreement, you acknowledge that you will not be entitled to receive, and agree not to accept, any Severance Benefits under the Change in Control Severance Agreement and this Agreement.  You agree that your acceptance of any Severance Benefits will constitute an acknowledgment that you did not revoke this Agreement.  This Agreement will not become effective or enforceable until the Agreement Revocation Period has expired. 
 Section 4.  Miscellaneous. 
 4.1  This Agreement is the entire agreement between you and the Company, and supersedes any and all oral and written agreements between y ou and the Company, on the topics covered herein, except for any prior agreements and commitments on your part concerning confidential information, trade secrets, copyrights, patents or other intellectual property and the like, which shall continue in effect in accordance with their terms.  By offering and entering into this Agreement, neither you nor the Company admits any liability or wrongdoing toward the other whatsoever.  This Agreement may not be changed, except by a writing signed both by you and the Company specifically for that purpose. 
 4.2  This Agreement shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of California.  If any portion of this Agreement should ever be determined to be unenforceable, the other provisions of  this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

1     
 
  The standard review period for an ADEA release is 21 days.  This period is extended to 45 days in the case of a group termination program.  In the case of a group termination program, additional information regarding terminating/non-terminating employees is required to be provided for the waiver to be deemed  knowing and voluntary  under ADEA.    

BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT AND RELEASE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVING AND RELEASING ANY AND ALL RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST THE COMPANY UP TO THE DATE OF YOUR EXECUTION OF   THIS AGREEMENT UNDER THE AGE DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT ACT, THE OLDER WORKERS BENEFIT PROTECTION ACT AND ALL OTHER APPLICABLE DISCRIMINATION LAWS, STATUTES, ORDINANCES OR REGULATIONS.   

If you have any questions, please let me   know.  If these terms are acceptable, sign and date the letter below and return the original signed copy to me. An extra copy is enclosed for your records.  

AGREED AND ACCEPTED:  

Executive Signature  

DATE:  

[Signature Page to Release] 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 qnst-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

qnst-ex311_6.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 I, Douglas Valenti, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of QuinStreet, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15 (f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Douglas Valenti   

Douglas Valenti  

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 9, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 qnst-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

qnst-ex312_7.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 I, Gregory Wong, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of QuinStreet, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Gregory Wong   

Gregory Wong  

Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

Date: November 9, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 qnst-ex321_8.htm
 EX-32.1

qnst-ex321_8.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with this report on Form 10-Q of QuinStreet, Inc. (the  Report ) for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 Douglas Valenti, the Chief Executive Officer, and Gregory Wong, the Chief Financial Officer of QuinStreet, Inc., each certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 

1.   
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and    

2.   
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of QuinStreet, Inc.    

Date: November 9, 2016  
 
 /s/ Douglas Valenti   

Douglas Valenti  

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Gregory Wong   

Gregory Wong  

Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 qnst-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 qnst-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 qnst-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 qnst-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 qnst-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 qnst-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

