<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161212_10-Q_edgar_data_1556801_0001640334-16-002196_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1667727</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89402</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>289275</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>255750</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>556640</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>393075</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>36</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-16-002196.hdr.sgml : 20161212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161212140847
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-16-002196
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001556801
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		IRS NUMBER:				273816969
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55233
		FILM NUMBER:		162046039

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		203-1634 HARVEY AVENUE
		CITY:			KELOWNA
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V1Y 6G2
		BUSINESS PHONE:		250-860-8599

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		203-1634 HARVEY AVENUE
		CITY:			KELOWNA
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V1Y 6G2

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OCONN INDUSTRIES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120823

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-16-002196.txt : 20161212

10-Q
 1
 dimn_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   dimn_10q.htm      
 
         UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549         FORM 10 Q       (Mark One)     x   QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934      For the quarterly period ended  October 31, 2016      or      o   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934       For the transition period from ____________ to ________________       Commission file number:   000-55233                Diamante Minerals Inc.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                 Nevada           27-3816969       (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)         (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)                  203-1634 Harvey Avenue    Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada V1Y 6G2       (Address of principal executive offices)              250-860-8599       (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)                    (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No  o      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  o  No  x      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one).             Large accelerated filer           Accelerated filer           Non-accelerated filer           Smaller reporting company    x      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)                Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  x  No  o      As of December 12, 2016, there were 52,042,286 shares of the issuer s common stock, par value $0.001, outstanding.      

DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.         FORM 10-Q    FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016    TABLE OF CONTENTS                        PAGE                       PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION                              Item 1.      Unaudited Financial Statements.       4                        Item 2.      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.       14                        Item 3.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.       23                        Item 4.      Controls and Procedures.        24                      PART II - OTHER INFORMATION                              Item 1.      Legal Proceedings.       25                        Item 1A.      Risk Factors.       25                        Item 2.      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.       30                        Item 3.      Defaults Upon Senior Securities.       30                        Item 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures.        30                        Item 5.      Other Information.        30                        Item 6.      Exhibits.        31                      SIGNATURES        32                        2       
      Table of Contents           Forward-Looking Statements      Except for historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, statements regarding our business strategy, future revenues and anticipated costs and expenses. Such forward-looking statements include, among others, those statements including the words  expects,   anticipates,   intends,   believes  and similar language. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the sections  Business,   Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  You should carefully review the risks and other factors described in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document.     Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.     All references in this Form 10-Q to the  Company ,  Diamante ,  Diamante Minerals ,  we  , us  ,or  our  are to Diamante Minerals Inc.                 3       
      Table of Contents            PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION         Item 1. Unaudited Financial Statements.       The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company's July 31, 2016 Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 28, 2015. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and the results of operations for the periods presented have been reflected herein. The results of operations for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year ending July 31, 2017.          DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.        INDEX TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       October 31, 2016                      Page                       Condensed Balance Sheets       5                      Condensed Statements of Operations       6                      Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity        7                      Condensed Statements of Cash Flows       8                      Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements       9   13                        4       
      Table of Contents            DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.    Condensed Balance Sheets  (Expressed in US Dollars)                   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.                 5       
      Table of Contents            DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.    Condensed Statements of Operations  (Unaudited   Expressed in US Dollars)                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.                 6       
      Table of Contents            DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.    Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity  (Unaudited   Expressed in US Dollars)                      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.                  7       
      Table of Contents             DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.    Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  (Unaudited   Expressed in US Dollars)                  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.                  8       
      Table of Contents            DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.    Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements  October 31, 2016  (Expressed in US Dollars)      NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS      DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC. (the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada, U.S. on October 26, 2010. The Company is in the business of acquiring and exploring mineral properties.     The Company has not generated any revenue to date. For the period from inception on October 26, 2010 to October 31, 2016, the Company has accumulated losses of $1,115,800.     The accompanying condensed financial statements have been prepared by the Company without audit. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows at October 31, 2016, and for all periods presented herein, have been made.     Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in condensed financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted. It is suggested that these condensed financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's July 31, 2016 audited financial statements. The results of operations for the period ended October 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year.      NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES       Presentation of Interim Information:  The financial information at October 31, 2016 and for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited but include all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) that the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of the financial information set forth herein, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information, and with the instructions to Form 10-Q. Accordingly, such information does not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for annual financial statements. For further information refer to the Financial Statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016.      Use of Estimates:  The preparation of the accompanying financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that directly affect the results of reported assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses, including the valuation of non-cash transactions. Actual results may differ from these estimates.      NOTE 3 - COMMON STOCK       Authorized Stock      The Company has authorized 300,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 per share. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the corporation is sought.                  9       
      Table of Contents           Issued and Outstanding Stock      There were 52,042,286 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as at October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016.      NOTE 4 - SHARE-BASED EXPENSES      ASC 718  Compensation   Stock Compensation  prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue shares, options, and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).     The Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50,  Equity   Based Payments to Non-Employees.  Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.      On October 16, 2014, the Company granted Robert Faber, the former sole officer and director of the Company an option (the  Option ) to purchase all, or any portion of, 200,000 shares of common stock at $1.25 per common stock pursuant to an Option Agreement. Mr. Faber s Option expired on April 16, 2016 without being exercised.     On October 16, 2014, the Company also granted Binyamin Gordon an option to purchase all, or any portion of, 2,500,000 shares of common stock at $1.25 per common stock pursuant to an Option Agreement. Mr. Gordon s options expired on April 16, 2016 without being exercised.      At October 31, 2016, the Company had no options outstanding.       NOTE 5 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES      On October 16, 2014, the Company and Chad Ulansky entered into an employment agreement (the  CEO Employment Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr. Ulansky is employed by the Company as its Chief Executive Officer for three years. As compensation for his services, Mr. Ulansky shall receive an annual base salary of $400,000 for the first year of the CEO Employment Agreement, $450,000 for the second year and $500,000 for the third year. The Company shall have the right to pay the salary or any other amounts payable to Mr. Ulansky in shares of deferred stock units of the Company based on the 90-day volume weighted average price ( VWAP ) of the shares of the common stock of the Company at the end of each quarter. As at October 31, 2016, $315,175 (July 31, 2016   $609,392) has been accrued in due to related parties, which equates to 1,760,750 (July 31, 2016   1,324,767) shares if Mr. Ulansky were to leave the Company.     On July 12, 2015, the Company and Jennifer Irons entered into an employment agreement (the  CFO Employment Agreement , and together with the CEO Employment Agreement, the  Employment Agreements ), pursuant to which Ms. Irons is employed by the Company as its Chief Financial Officer for three years. As compensation for her services, Ms. Irons shall receive an annual base salary of $125,000 for the first year of the CFO Employment Agreement, $137,500 for the second year and $150,000 for the third year. The Company shall have the right to pay the salary or any other amounts payable to Ms. Irons in deferred share units of the Company based on the 90-day WAP of the common shares of the Company at the end of each quarter. As at October 31, 2016, $80,853 (July 31, 2016   $147,605) has been accrued in due to related parties, which equates to 451,695 shares (July 31, 2016   320,880) if Ms. Irons were to leave the Company.            Each Employment Agreement shall automatically renew on each anniversary of such Employment Agreement for one additional year term unless one party provides the other with notice prior to such anniversary date that such party does not desire to renew the Employment Agreement. The Company may immediately terminate Mr. Ulansky's and Ms. Irons  employment for cause. If (i) Mr. Ulansky's or Ms. Irons  employment is terminated by the Company without cause, (ii) Mr. Ulansky or Ms. Irons terminates his or her employment as a result of the Company assigning him or her duties inconsistent with his or her position or the Company fails to pay his or her compensation, or (iii) there is a change in control in the Company, then in either case the Company shall pay Mr. Ulansky or Ms. Irons an amount equal to (a) the product of the number of years and fractional years for the remainder of the term multiplied by (b) 50% of the then current base salary in effect as of the date of termination.     During the three month period ended October 31, 2016 the Company recorded a recovery of $360,969 in management fee and due to related party; this was the result of a decrease in the value of the share price from the July 31, 2016 year end. During the three month period ended October 31, 2016, the Company issued 566,797 shares under the Employment Agreements.     The Company has no other commitments or contingencies as at October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016.      NOTE 6 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS      Included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities is $2,541 (July 31, 2016   $6,700) in amounts due to companies with common management.     The Company shares office space with other companies in order to take advantage of cost sharing opportunities and management services. Two of these companies are: Kel-Ex Developments Ltd., a significant shareholder of the Company, which shares the services of the Chief Financial Officer; and Metalex Ventures Ltd., a publicly traded company which shares the services of the CEO and the CFO. During the three month period ended October 31, 2016, the related parties invoiced the Company for the following services and amounts:                             As at October 31, 2016, the following balances have been included within accounts payable:              As at October 31, 2016, the cumulative $315,175 in management fees earned by the Chief Executive Officer and the $80,853 in management fees earned by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to the Employment Agreements were included as due to related parties.       NOTE 7 - GOING CONCERN AND LIQUIDITY CONSIDERATIONS       The accompanying condensed financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the period ended October 31, 2016, the Company had income of $324,757, which is the result of a recovery of management costs. As at October 31, 2016, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $1,115,800 and has earned no revenues since inception. The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending July 31, 2017.     The ability of the Company to emerge from the exploration stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of its business plan. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings.     These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.      NOTE 8   LOAN TO OPERATOR OF MOLEJON GOLD MINE PROJECT      On January 22, 2016, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Blendcore LLC, a Delaware corporation ( Blendcore ), and Petaquilla Gold, S.A., a Panama corporation ( Petaquilla Gold ), which is a subsidiary of Petaquilla Minerals Ltd., a Canadian public company, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to advance a loan in the principal amount of US$250,000 to Blendcore (the  Loan ). Petaquilla Gold, as the owner of the minerals sourced at the Molejon Gold Mine located in Donoso District, Colon Province, Republic of Panama (the  Mine ), has engaged Blendcore, as master contractor, to act as operator in connection with the restarting of the processing of stockpiled ore at the Mine. In exchange for the provision of the Loan, the Company is entitled to a royalty of 12.5% on the first 1,000 ounces of gold produced per month for 12 months (the  Royalty period ). The Royalty Period is to commence once production ramps up to 1,000 ounces per month. For monthly production between 1,001 and 2,000 ounces of gold per month, the Company is to receive a reduced royalty of 5%. In addition to the royalty stream, the Company has the right of first option to provide funding for the expansion and development of the Mine. The Loan is to be forgiven provided that there are at least 12,000 ounces of gold produced during the Royalty Period. Upon the completion of the Royalty Period, the Company has the option to extend the royalty for a further 12 month period through the provision of a second $250,000 loan on substantially the same terms as the initial loan. This right shall survive the royalty agreement by a period of one year.     As at October 31, 2016, the Company has advanced $215,000 to Blendcore LLC.             Valuation of Derivative      As the loan agreement with Blendcore contains a royalty component, there is an embedded derivative in its value. Currently, the Company has elected to account for the entire instrument as a derivative at fair value, with changes in fair value presented in earnings. The fair value of the derivative is determined by using a discounted cash flow analysis related to various expected future cash flows to be received based on weighted probabilities due to the uncertainty of the potential royalty streams. This asset is classified as a Level 3 asset within the fair value hierarchy as our valuation estimates utilize significant unobservable inputs, including estimates as to the probability and timing of future gold production. Transaction related fees and costs are expensed as incurred.     The changes in the estimated fair value from the derivative along with cash receipts each reporting period are presented together on the Statement of Operations as a component of revenue under the caption,  Derivative   change in fair value .       Allowance for Doubtful Account      At present, the gold mine has not been restarted. The Company has engaged the services of a legal firm in Panama to determine appropriate title to the claim and our course of action to receive the funds advanced. As such, an allowance for doubtful accounts equal to the amount of the loan has been recorded in the books for the year ended July 31, 2016.      NOTE 9   BATOVI DIAMOND PROJECT      On November 20, 2014, the Company entered into a formal joint venture agreement (the  Joint Venture Agreement ) with Mineracao Batovi Ltda ( Mineracao Batovi ) which contemplates the Company acquiring partial ownership in Mineracao Batovi to develop, finance and operate the Batovi Diamond Project. Pursuant to the Joint Venture Agreement, the Company issued 2,700,000 fully paid and non-assessable common shares valued at $7,992,000. To complete the acquisition, the Company must contribute $1,000,000 in cash to Mineracao Batovi in return for a 20% equity interest. The Company may earn an additional 29% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi by funding $2,000,000 of exploration expenses no later than November 20, 2017.     The Joint Venture Agreement provides that Mineracao Batovi is to be managed by a board of directors comprised of two representatives from each of the Company and the existing Mineracao Batovi management, provided that if the Company fails to earn an additional 29% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi by November 20, 2017, Mineracao Batovi's board of directors will be comprised of three representatives of Mineracao Batovi existing management and one representative of the Company.     As at the date of these financial statements, the Company is working on completing the ownership transfer of Mineracao Batovi. By the Company s letter agreement dated February 27, 2015, effective upon acceptance by Mineracao Batovi and Kel-Ex on March 9, 2015, the parties amended the Joint Venture Agreement to provide that the Company would be engaged to act as operator of the Batovi Diamond Project on terms whereby the Company will be entitled to charge a 10% administration fee on all exploration expenditures incurred under $50,000 and 5% on all exploration expenditures incurred over $50,000. The Company has discretion to subcontract with third parties, including Kel-Ex, to enable it to fulfill its role as operator.             Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.       The following discussion of our financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations for the three month periods ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements and related notes for the three month periods ended October 31, 2016 and 2015. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including, but not limited to, those referenced under the heading  Risk Factors  and included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2016.       Overview of Our Business      Our Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada, U.S. on October 26, 2010 as Oconn Industries Corp. On March 11, 2014, the Company changed its name to Diamante Minerals, Inc. We are in the process of acquiring and exploring mineral properties for possible development.     On February 10, 2014, we entered into a letter agreement with Mineracao Batovi Ltda., a Brazilian mineral exploration and mining company, to acquire up to a 75% interest in a diamond exploration project located to the north of Paranatinga in Mato Grosso, Brazil (the  Batovi Diamond Project ) and form a joint venture valued at approximately $12 million. The letter agreement has been superseded by our definitive agreement with Mineracao Batovi that was executed and delivered on November 20, 2014. As described in more detail below, we will be required to contribute $1,000,000 in cash to Mineracao Batovi in order to acquire an initial 20% equity interest in that company. Mineracao Batovi holds the mineral claims underlying the Batovi Diamond Project. We may earn an additional 29% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi by funding a further $2,000,000 of exploration expenses no later than November 20, 2017.     Our Company is an exploration stage company; at present, there is no assurance that a commercially viable mineral deposit exists on the properties comprising the Batovi Diamond Project in which we hold the right to earn up to a 75% indirect interest, as described in more detail below. As discussed elsewhere in this quarterly report, pursuant to an agreement dated January 22, 2016, we have acquired a limited royalty on the first 2,000 ounces of gold that may be produced per month at Petaquilla Minerals Ltd. s Molejon Gold Mine located in Donoso District, Colon Province, Republic of Panama. We currently have no interests in any other mineral resource projects.      Results of Operations      We have generated no revenues since inception and have a net recovery of costs of $324,757 during the three months ended October 31, 2016.     The following table provides selected financial data about our Company for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and the year ended July 31, 2016.                    Plan of Operation      As described above, on November 20, 2014, we entered into a formal joint venture agreement (the  Joint Venture Agreement ) with Mineracao Batovi which contemplates the Company acquiring an interest in Mineracao Batovi to develop, finance and operate the Batovi Diamond Project. Pursuant to the Joint Venture Agreement, we must contribute $1,000,000 in cash to Mineracao Batovi in order to acquire an initial 20% equity interest in that company. Mineracao Batovi holds the mineral claims underlying the Batovi Diamond Project. We may earn an additional 29% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi by funding a further $2,000,000 of exploration expenses no later than November 20, 2017.      The Joint Venture Agreement provides that Mineracao Batovi is to be managed by a board of directors comprised of two representatives from each of our Company and Mineracao Batovi, provided that if we fail to earn an additional 29% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi by November 20, 2017, the board of directors will be comprised of three representatives of the existing Mineracao Batovi management and one representative of our Company. We will cease to be entitled to any representation on Mineracao Batovi's board of directors if our Company s equity interest is reduced to 10% or less.      Certain specified matters are subject to the approval of at least three of the four members of Mineracao Batovi's board of directors, including the adoption of the project's annual budget and any amendments thereto, the scope and purpose of a feasibility study for the Batovi project (including the determination that the study is positive), and the decision to mine and commence commercial production.     Until we earn the additional 29% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi, and so long as we elect to participate in the joint venture, we will bear 100% of Mineracao Batovi s expenses (up to the total amount of $3,000,000, including Diamante s initial $1,000,000 contribution to Mineracao Batovi), provided that all such expenses are first approved in writing by our Company s representatives on Mineracao Batovi s board of directors.     The parties originally agreed to cause the joint venture company to engage Kel-Ex Development Ltd., a privately-held British Columbia corporation that is under common control with Mineracao Batovi, to carry out exploration activities on the Batovi Diamond Project in accordance with approved budgets. Kel-Ex was to be entitled to charge a 10% administration fee on all exploration expenditures incurred under $50,000 and 5% on all exploration expenditures incurred over $50,000. In addition, we have issued 2,700,000 fully-paid and non-assessable common shares to Kel-Ex Development under the Joint Venture Agreement. By our Company's letter agreement dated February 27, 2015, effective upon acceptance by Mineracao Batovi and Kel-Ex on March 9, 2015, the parties amended the Joint Venture Agreement to provide that the Company would be engaged to act as operator of the Batovi Diamond Project on terms whereby our Company will be entitled to charge a 10% administration fee on all exploration expenditures incurred under $50,000 and 5% on all exploration expenditures incurred over $50,000. Our Company has discretion to subcontract with third parties, including Kel-Ex, to enable it to fulfill its role as operator.     On January 22, 2016, we entered into a loan agreement (the  Loan Agreement ) with Blendcore LLC, a Delaware corporation ( Blendcore ) and Petaquilla Gold, S.A., a Panama corporation ( Petaquilla Gold ), pursuant to which our Company has agreed to advance a loan in the principal amount of US$250,000 to Blendcore (the  Loan ).     Petaquilla Gold, as the owner of minerals sourced from the Molejon Gold Mine located in Donoso District, Colon Province of Panama (the  Mine ), has engaged Blendcore, as master contractor, to act as operator in connection with the restarting of the processing of stockpiled ore at the Mine. The Loan proceeds are to be applied by Blendcore in that capacity in accordance with a use-of-funds budget (the  Budget ) that has been annexed to the Loan Agreement.  Petaquilla Gold is a party to the Loan Agreement in its capacity as the title holder of the minerals, but is not entitled to receive any advances under the Loan Agreement.            Pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Loan is to be advanced in three tranches as follows:            As at October 31, 2016, we have advanced $215,000 to Blendcore LLC.     In exchange for the provision of the Loan, our Company is to receive a royalty of 12.5% on the first 1,000 ounces of gold produced per month for 12 months (the  Royalty Period ). The Royalty Period is to commence once production ramps up to 1,000 ounces per month. For monthly production between 1,001 and 2,000 ounces of gold per month, our Company is to receive a reduced royalty of 5%. In addition to the royalty stream, our Company has a right of first option to provide funding for the expansion and development of the Mine.     Under the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Loan is to be forgiven provided that there is at least 12,000 ounces of gold produced during the Royalty Period. Upon the completion of the Royalty Period, our Company has the option to extend the royalty for a further 12 month period through the provision of a second $250,000 loan on substantially the same terms as the initial Loan. This right shall survive the royalty agreement by a period of one year.     Petaquilla Gold and Blendcore have entered into a Collateral Assignment Agreement dated January 11, 2016 (the  Collateral Assignment Agreement  a copy of which is annexed to the Loan Agreement), pursuant to which Petaquilla Gold has collaterally assigned to Blendcore such number of ounces of gold from that which is mined at the Mine as shall be necessary to enable Blendcore to satisfy its obligations to our Company under the Loan Agreement. By letter of authorization dated January 18, 2016, Petaquilla Gold has consented to the transfer by Blendcore to our Company of Blendcore s rights under the Collateral Assignment Agreement.       Limited Operating History; Need for Additional Capital       As described above, in order to obtain our initial 20% interest in the Batovi Diamond Project, we will need to raise a significant amount of funds. We have no assurance that financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or expand our operations. Equity financing would result in additional dilution to existing shareholders.     There is no historical financial information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are a start-up company and have not generated any revenues. We cannot guarantee success of our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products.     We anticipate that we will need $2,400,000 to fund the next 12 months of our operations, including our commitments under the Loan Agreement with Blendcore and Petaquilla Gold. If we are unable to meet our needs for cash from either the money that we raise from future financings, or possible alternative sources, then we may be unable to continue, develop, or expand our operations. We currently do not have sufficient funds to operate our business for the next 12 months.              Liquidity and Capital Resources        Working Capital             Cash Flows            As at October 31, 2016, our Company s cash balance was $326,402 compared to $390,920 as at July 31, 2016. The decrease in cash was primarily due to cash used in operating activities, mainly legal costs associated with the Loan to Blendcore.     As at October 31, 2016, our Company had total liabilities of $427,891 compared with total liabilities of $817,166 as at July 31, 2016. The decrease in total liabilities was primarily attributed to a recovery of management fees pursuant to the employment agreements with our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer.     As at October 31, 2016, our Company had working capital deficit of $101,489 compared with working capital deficit of $426,246 as at July 31, 2016. The decrease in working capital deficit was primarily attributed to management fees adjusted during the period.      Cash Flow from Operating Activities      During the three months ended October 31, 2016, our Company used $64,258 in cash from operating activities compared to cash used by operating activities of $27,843 during the three months ended October 31, 2015.       Cash Flow from Investing Activities      During the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, $nil funds were used for investing activity.      Cash Flow from Financing Activities      During the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, our Company used $nil cash for financing activities.              For the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015        Revenues      Our Company did not generate any revenues during the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.      Total operating expenses      For the three months ended October 31, 2016, total operating expenses were a net recovery of $324,757, which included general and administrative expenses of $5,012, management fee recovery adjustment of $360,969, and professional fees of $31,200.      For the three months ended October 31, 2015, total operating expenses were $160,899, which included general and administrative expenses of $8,656, management fees of $121,505, and professional fees of $30,738.      Loss      For the three months ended October 31, 2016, our Company had income of $324,757, as compared to a loss for the three months ended October 31, 2015 of $160,899. General and administrative costs during these periods have decreased in the current year, due to lower staffing costs. In the current period, our Company recorded a recovery of management fees due to a decline in the fair market value of the stock price; as total accrued management fees are based on this price, there was a decrease in the total amount owing to the CEO and the CFO under their respective employment agreements. In the prior period, management fees were comprised of the amounts issued, with no resulting decrease. Professional fees during these periods have remained consistent.      Going Concern Consideration      Our Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending July 31, 2017. Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion on our audited financial statements for the year ended July 31, 2016. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay for our expenses. We may in the future attempt to obtain financing through private offerings of debt or equity. Equity financing would result in additional dilution to existing stockholders. We currently have no agreements or arrangements to obtain funds through bank loans, lines of credit or any other sources. There is no assurance we will ever be successful doing so.       Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements       We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.              Properties       Our executive offices are located at 203   1634 Harvey Ave, Kelowna, BC, Canada, V1Y 6G2. We believe that this office space will be adequate for the foreseeable future.     As described under the heading  Plan of Operation  above, our Company has entered into a definitive Joint Venture Agreement with Mineracao Batovi pursuant to which we may acquire up to a 75% interest in the Batovi Diamond Project. This project covers 21 claims held by Mineraco Batovi as federal exploration licenses, covering a total area of approximately 109,688 hectares, as more particularly described in the following table and map:                             We currently hold no direct or indirect interest in the Batovi Diamond Project. Pursuant to the Joint Venture Agreement, we are required to contribute $1,000,000 in cash to Mineracao Batovi in order to acquire our initial 20% equity interest in that company. As Mineracao Batovi hold the rights to the Batovi Diamond Project, our interest in the Batovi Diamond Project would be limited to our shareholdings in Mineracao Batovi.               The Batovi Diamond Project       The Batovi Diamond Project is located in the State of Mato Grosso, in west-central Brazil, approximately 360 kilometers northeast of Cuiaba, the state capital.            The Batovi Diamond Project is accessible from Cuiaba by main and secondary roads. One would travel east from Cuiaba on paved road BR-070 220 kilometers to Primavera do Leste before heading 140 kilometers north on partially paved road MT-130 to Paranatinga. An all-weather gravel road connects Paranatinga to the project area, which lies 120 kilometers to the north.     In addition, Paranatinga has an airport that is suitable for charter aircraft.            Currently there is no plant or equipment on the project site.     In Brazil, exploration licenses are issued by the Director General of the Departamento Nacional de Produ  o Mineral (translated as the National Department of Mineral Production and referred to in this quarterly report as the  DNPM ). An exploration license is granted for an initial term of up to three years and can be renewed once if the license holder submits an interim report on the exploration work completed to date which justifies further exploration.      An annual exploration fee must be paid to the DNPM to keep an exploration license in good standing. The exploration fee is assessed at the rate of R$2.02 per hectare for each year during the initial term of the license, and at the rate of R$3.95 per hectare for each year during the renewal term. Mineracao Batovi has provided documentation to us evidencing that its exploration licenses comprising the Batovi Diamond Project are in good standing.     The Batovi Diamond Project represents an opportunity for the potential discovery of primary diamond bearing kimberlite intrusives. Due diligence documents provided by Mineraco Batovi confirm that the general area is host to over 40 known kimberlite intrusives which were discovered by DeBeers and Rio Tinto who explored the area between 1967 to about 1997. Historically, a number of the kimberlites were evaluated as possible sources of large, high quality alluvial diamonds found in the area in small, artisanal alluvial mining operations. Although limited testing of the discovered kimberlites returned a few small stones from some of the kimberlites, they were generally not found to be significantly diamondiferous. This suggests that diamond bearing kimberlites which are the source of the large alluvial diamonds found in the project area have yet to be discovered.      Mineracao Batovi has followed up this historic work with limited exploration activities at a cost of approximately CDN$4.7 million, and has identified possible individual diamond indicator mineral trains on the property.      Since we have not funded the $1,000,000 payment required to be made to Mineracao Batovi in order to acquire our initial 20% equity interest in the Batovi Diamond Project, we are not in a position to assume our duties as the operator as contemplated by the Joint Venture Agreement. However, if we are able to fund such $1,000,000, we anticipate that a majority of the proceeds will be applied to fund exploration work aimed at defining the potential source kimberlites of the indicator mineral trains.     Typically, geophysical surveys are used to locate potential kimberlites. Geophysical surveys measure the physical properties of the rocks below them. It is hoped that the kimberlites would have contrasting physical properties to the surrounding rocks. The proposed geophysical survey would detect both the conductivity and magnetic signature of the underlying rocks. It is expected that the kimberlites would differ from the surrounding host rocks in terms of these physical properties.     If we earn our initial 20% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi and assume our role as the operator of the project, we anticipate that our first step will be to commission an airborne electromagnetic geophysical survey over certain areas preliminarily identified by Mineracao Batovi as having the potential to host diamond bearing kimberlites. Mobilizing an airborne survey system to the project area could take a couple of months after execution of the survey contract. The airborne survey itself should take less than a month. Thereafter, the survey data will have to be extensively manipulated to allow its use. We anticipate that such analytical manipulation would require one to two months to complete. We estimate that the airborne survey will cost approximately $500,000.     Any priority targets identified by the airborne survey will need to be tested, likely by drilling. The length and scope of any such drill program   and the appropriate drill and associated equipment required - will depend on the nature and number of targets, but we anticipate that it would likely take several months to complete. Until the results of the geophysical survey are complete, it is difficult to ascertain what the cost of this target testing phase will be, but we estimate that the initial round of drilling will likely cost between $300,000 to $500,000.            Any future work would be contingent upon the initial round of testing generating positive results. Should a kimberlite be discovered with potentially economic diamond content, we expect that the next phases of work would be delineation drilling followed by bulk sampling and, if warranted, a feasibility study.     The Batovi Diamond Project is centered on the perennial Batovi River; it is conceivable that this would provide a water source for any future operations. We have not investigated what steps would be required or what arrangements will have to be made to secure water rights.     There is currently no power grid at the project area. If future exploration activities justify development at the project site which will give rise to substantial power requirements, diesel generators will have to be installed, or arrangements will have to be made to fund the extension of the power grid from Paranatinga which is located 120 kilometers to the south of the project area.       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.       Our exposure to market risks includes, but is not necessarily limited to, equity price risk, commodity price risk, foreign currency risk and country risk.       Equity Price Risk      We are subject to market risk related to the market price of our common stock which trades over the counter on the OTCQB. Historically, we have relied upon equity financings from the sale of our common stock to fund our operations. Movements in the price of our common stock have been volatile in the past and may continue to be volatile in the future. As a result, there is risk that we may not be able to complete an equity financing at an acceptable price when required.       Commodity Price Risk       We may in the future be subject to market risk related to the market price of rough diamonds, which are priced per carat, and gold, which is priced per ounce. However, at October 31, 2016, we had no interest in the Batovi Diamond Project or in any other diamond exploration property, and the Royalty Period on Petaquilla Gold s Molejon Gold Mine project had not yet begun. Accordingly, fluctuations in the market price of rough diamonds or gold do not currently have a direct impact on our operations.       Foreign Currency Risk       We are subject to market risk related to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our functional currency is the United States dollar. However, a portion of our business is transacted in the Canadian dollar and, if we acquire an interest in Mineracao Batovi we expect that a significant portion of our business will be transacted in the Brazilian real. To date, foreign exchange currency fluctuations have not had a material impact on our results of operations. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes, nor do we hedge our foreign currency exposure to manage our foreign currency fluctuation risk.       Country Risk       We are subject to market risk related to our operations in foreign jurisdictions. We are party to a Joint Venture Agreement with Mineracao Batovi dated November 20, 2014, which contemplates our Company acquiring an interest in Mineracao Batovi to develop, finance and operate the Batovi Diamond Project in Brazil. We have also entered into the Loan Agreement with Blendcore and Petaquilla Gold in relation to the start up of processing of stockpiled ore at Petaquilla Gold s Molejon Gold Mine in the Republic of Panama.      Foreign countries expose our Company to risks that may not otherwise be experienced if our operations were domestic. The risks include, but are not limited to, those arising under local laws relating to environmental protection, land use, water use, health and safety, labor, restrictions on production, price controls, currency remittance, and maintenance of mineral tenure and expropriation of property. For example, changes to regulations in Brazil relating to royalties, allowable production, importing and exporting of diamonds and environmental protection, may result in our Company not receiving an adequate return on investment capital.            Although the operating environments in Brazil and Panama are considered more favourably compared to those in certain other developing countries, there are still political risks. These risks include, but are not limited to: terrorism, hostage taking, military repression, expropriation, extreme fluctuations in currency exchange rates, high rates of inflation and labor unrest. Changes in mining or investment policies or shifts in political attitudes in these countries may also adversely affect our Company's business. In addition, there may be greater exposure to a risk of corruption and bribery (including possible prosecution under the federal Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act). Also, in the event of a dispute arising in foreign operations, our Company may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts and may be hindered or prevented from enforcing its rights. Furthermore, it is possible that future changes in taxes in any of the countries in which our Company operates will adversely affect our Company's operations and economic returns.      Interest Rate Risk       We have no significant exposure to interest rate fluctuation risk.       Item 4. Controls and Procedures.         Management s Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures       We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Our President (who serves as our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (our principal financial officer) are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures for our Company.     As of the end of the quarter covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our President (our principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our President (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report.       Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting       The term  internal control over financial reporting  is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the registrant s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the registrant s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:                    pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the registrant;                          provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the registrant are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and                          provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the registrant s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.            As disclosed in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, our President (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer) assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at July 31, 2016, and determined that, as of July 31, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the existence of certain material weaknesses disclosed in the annual report.     There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period ended October 31, 2016, that have materially or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.              PART II   OTHER INFORMATION         Item 1. Legal Proceedings.       We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our Company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest.       Item 1A. Risk Factors.         In addition to the information contained in our Form 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 and this Form 10-Q Quarterly Report, we have identified the following material risks and uncertainties which reflect our outlook and conditions known to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report. These material risks and uncertainties should be carefully reviewed by our stockholders and any potential investors in evaluating the Company, our business and the market value of our common stock. Furthermore, any one of these material risks and uncertainties has the potential to cause actual results, performance, achievements or events to be materially different from any future results, performance, achievements or events implied, suggested or expressed by any forward-looking statements made by us    or by persons acting on our behalf.         There is no assurance that we will be successful in preventing the material adverse effects that any one or more of the following material risks and uncertainties may cause on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results, which may result in a significant decrease in the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, there is no assurance that these material risks and uncertainties represent a complete list of the material risks and uncertainties facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties of a material nature that, as of the date of this Quarterly Report, we are unaware of or that we consider immaterial that may become material in the future, any one or more of which may result in a material adverse effect on us. You could lose all or a significant portion of your investment due to any one of these material risks and uncertainties.        Risks Related to Our Company and Business        Evaluating our future performance may be difficult since we are a shell company with negative cash flow and accumulated deficit to date.        We have entered into a Joint Venture Agreement dated November 20, 2014 pursuant to which we are required to contribute $1,000,000 in cash to Mineracao Batovi Ltda., a Brazilian company which holds the mineral claims underlying the Batovi Diamond Project, in return for a 20% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi. However, we are a shell company (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended), and, since our inception on October 26, 2010 through October 31, 2016, we have incurred a net loss of $1,115,800. As a result of our limited financial and operating history, including our negative cash flow and net losses to date, it may be difficult to evaluate our future performance.        T    here     is no assurance that we will be successful in securing financing, and     substantial doubt exists as to our ability to continue our operations over     the next twelve months.       The continuation of our Company as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate financing. We anticipate that we will need $2,400,000 to fund the next 12 months of our operations. However, given our limited financial and operating history and our status as a shell company, there is no assurance that we will be successful in securing any form of financing. Accordingly, substantial doubt exists as to whether we will be able to continue our operations over the next twelve months.              Even if we are successful in acquiring our initial interest in Mineracao Batovi, our reliance on equity financings is expected to continue, and t    here     is no assurance that such financing will be available when required.       Even if we are successful in acquiring our initial interest in Mineracao Batovi, our reliance on equity financings is expected to continue for the foreseeable future, and the availability of such financing will be dependent on many factors beyond our control including, but not limited to, the market price of diamonds, the volatility in the global financial markets affecting our stock price and the status of the worldwide economy, any one of which may cause significant challenges in our ability to access additional financing, including access to the equity and credit markets.        Diamond exploration and mining activities are inherently subject to numerous significant risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ significantly from expectations or anticipated amounts.     Furthermore, exploration programs     conducted on the Batovi Diamond Project may not result in the establishment of ore bodies     that contain commercially recoverable diamonds    .       Diamond exploration and mining activities are inherently subject to numerous significant risks and uncertainties, many beyond our control, including, but not limited to: (i) unanticipated ground and water conditions; (ii) unusual or unexpected geological formations; (iii) the occurrence of unusual weather or operating conditions and other force majeure events; (iv) lower than expected ore grades; (v) industrial accidents; (vi) delays in the receipt of or failure to receive necessary government permits; (vii) delays in transportation; (viii) availability of contractors and labor; (ix) government permit restrictions and regulation restrictions; (x) unavailability of materials and equipment; and (xi) the failure of equipment or processes to operate in accordance with specifications or expectations. These risks and uncertainties could result in: delays, reductions or stoppages in exploration or development work and any future mining activities; increased capital and/or extraction costs; damage to, or destruction of, the Batovi Diamond Project, extraction facilities or other properties; personal injuries; environmental damage; monetary losses; and legal claims.     Success in diamond exploration and gold mining is dependent on many factors, including, without limitation, the experience and capabilities of a company s management, the availability of geological expertise and the availability of sufficient funds to conduct the exploration program. Even if an exploration program is successful and commercially recoverable diamond- or gold-bearing ore bodies are established, it may take a number of years from the initial phases of drilling and identification of the mineralization until extraction is possible, during which time the economic feasibility of extraction may change such that the diamonds cease to be economically recoverable.      Diamond exploration is frequently non-productive due, for example, to poor exploration results or the inability to establish ore bodies that contain commercially recoverable diamonds, in which case the project may be abandoned and written-off. Furthermore, Mineracao Batovi will not be able to benefit from exploration efforts and recover the expenditures that are incurred on exploration programs if Mineracao Batovi does not establish ore bodies that contain commercially recoverable diamonds and develop the Batovi Diamond Project into profitable mining activities, and there is no assurance that Mineracao Batovi will be successful in doing so.     Whether an ore body contains commercially recoverable diamonds depends on many factors including, without limitation: (i) the particular attributes, including material changes to those attributes, of the ore body such as size, grade, recovery rates and proximity to infrastructure; (ii) the market price of diamonds, which may be volatile; and (iii) government regulations and regulatory requirements including, without limitation, those relating to environmental protection, permitting and land use, taxes, land tenure and transportation.     In regards to the Loan Agreement with Blendcore and Petaquilla Gold, our Company bears the risk that production will not recover sufficient quantities of gold to cover the repayment of the loan, in either the Initial Royalty term or, if needed, the extended Royalty term. The loan has been guaranteed by the title holder of the property, and is secured by a first charge over that portion of stock piled ore on the title holder s mine site. Should the agreement reach this point, our Company would bear the risks of having to process the stock piled ore including, without limitation (i) the particular attributes, including material changes to those attributes, of the stock pile such as recovery rates and ability to procure infrastructure to process it; ii) the market price of gold, which may be volatile; and (iii) government regulations and regulatory requirements including, without limitation, those relating to environmental protection, taxes, land tenure and transportation.              We do not insure against all of the risks we face in our operations.       In general, where coverage is available and not prohibitively expensive relative to the perceived risk, we will maintain insurance against such risk, subject to exclusions and limitations. We currently maintain insurance against certain risks including general commercial liability claims and certain physical assets used in our operations, subject to exclusions and limitations, however, we do not maintain insurance to cover all of the potential risks and hazards associated with our operations.  We may be subject to liability for environmental, pollution or other hazards associated with our or Mineracao Batovi s exploration activities, which we may not be insured against, which may exceed the limits of our insurance coverage or which we may elect not to insure against because of high premiums or other reasons. Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that any insurance coverage we currently have will continue to be available at reasonable premiums or that such insurance will adequately cover any resulting liability.       Mineracao Batovi holds mineral rights in Brazil, a foreign jurisdiction which could be subject to additional risks due to political, taxation, economic and cultural factors.       Our business plan contemplates our acquisition of an initial 20% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi, a company incorporated in Brazil. Operations in foreign jurisdictions outside of the U.S., especially in developing countries, may be subject to additional risks as they may have different political, regulatory, taxation, economic and cultural environments that may adversely affect the value or continued viability of our rights. These additional risks include, but are not limited to: (i) changes in governments or senior government officials; (ii) changes to existing laws or policies on foreign investments, environmental protection, mining and ownership of mineral interests; (iii) renegotiation, cancellation, expropriation and nationalization of existing permits or contracts; (iv) foreign currency controls and fluctuations; and (v) civil disturbances, terrorism and war.     In the event of a dispute arising from our anticipated future involvement in the Batovi Diamond Project, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts or may not be successful in subjecting foreign persons to the jurisdiction of the courts in the United States or Canada. We may also be hindered or prevented from enforcing our rights with respect to a government entity or instrumentality because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity. Any adverse or arbitrary decision of a foreign court may have a material and adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.        The title to Mineracao Batovi s mineral property interests may be challenged.       Although we have undertaken reasonable due diligence to confirm that Mineracao Batovi has taken reasonable measures to ensure proper title to its interests in the Batovi Diamond Project and other assets, there is no guarantee that the title to any of such interests will not be challenged. No assurance can be given that Mineracao will be able to secure the grant or the renewal of existing mineral rights and tenures on terms satisfactory to it, or that governments in the jurisdictions in which it operates will not revoke or significantly alter such rights or tenures or that such rights or tenures will not be challenged or impugned by third parties, including local governments, aboriginal peoples or other claimants. Mineracao Batovi s mineral properties may be subject to prior unregistered agreements, transfers or claims, and title may be affected by, among other things, undetected defects. A successful challenge to the precise area and location of Mineracao Batovi s claims could result in it being unable to explore or operate on its properties as permitted or being unable to enforce its rights with respect to its properties.       We depend on certain key personnel, and our success will depend on our continued ability to retain and attract such qualified personnel.       Our success is dependent on the efforts, abilities and continued service of certain senior officers and key employees and consultants. A loss of service from any one of these individuals may adversely affect our operations, and we may have difficulty or may not be able to locate and hire a suitable replacement.              Certain directors and officers may be subject to conflicts of interest.       Our sole director and our officers are involved in other business ventures including similar capacities with other private or publicly-traded companies. Such individuals may have significant responsibilities to these other business ventures, including consulting relationships, which may require significant amounts of their available time. Conflicts of interest may include decisions on how much time to devote to our business affairs and what business opportunities should be presented to us.        The laws of the State of Nevada and our Articles of Incorporation may protect our directors and officers from certain types of lawsuits.       The laws of the State of Nevada provide that our sole director and officers will not be liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for all but certain types of conduct as directors and officers of the Company. Our Bylaws provide for broad indemnification powers to all persons against all damages incurred in connection with our business to the fullest extent provided or allowed by law. These indemnification provisions may require us to use our limited assets to defend our directors and officers against claims, and may have the effect of preventing stockholders from recovering damages against our directors and officers caused by their negligence, poor judgment or other circumstances.       Our sole director and our officers are residents outside of the U.S., and it may be difficult for stockholders to enforce within the U.S. any judgments obtained against such director or officers.       Our sole director and our officers are nationals and/or residents of countries other than the U.S., and all or a substantial portion of such persons' assets are located outside of the U.S. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process on such director and officers, or enforce within the U.S. any judgments obtained against such director and officers, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the U.S. or any state thereof. Consequently, stockholders may be effectively prevented from pursuing remedies against such director and officers under U.S. federal securities laws. In addition, stockholders may not be able to commence an action in a Canadian court predicated upon the civil liability provisions under U.S. federal securities laws.         Our management has determined that our disclosure controls and procedures, and our internal control over financial reporting are not effective. In any event disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed and operated, are designed to obtain reasonable, and not absolute, assurance as to its reliability and effectiveness.       Management s evaluation on the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures is designed to ensure that information required for disclosure in our public filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis to our senior management, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s report on internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are properly authorized, assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use and transactions are properly recorded and reported. Our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, and our internal control over financial reporting, were ineffective as of the end of our fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 and as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. In any event, any system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, is based in part upon certain assumptions designed to obtain reasonable, and not absolute, assurance as to its reliability and effectiveness. Our failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures may result in our inability to continue meeting our reporting obligations in a timely manner, qualified audit opinions or restatements of our financial reports, any one of which may affect the market price for our common stock and our ability to access the capital markets.             Risks Related to Our Common Stock        Broker-dealers may be discouraged from effecting transactions in our common shares because they are considered a penny stock and are subject to the penny stock rules. This could severely limit the market liquidity of the shares.       Our common stock currently constitutes  penny stock . Subject to certain exceptions, for the purposes relevant to us,  penny stock  includes any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share. Rules 15g-1 through 15g-9 promulgated under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on certain brokers-dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a  penny stock.  In particular, a broker-dealer selling penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or  accredited investor  (generally, an individual with net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or an annual income exceeding $200,000, or $300,000 together with his or her spouse), must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. A broker-dealer is also required to disclose commissions payable to the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, a broker-dealer is required to send monthly statements disclosing recent price information with respect to the penny stock held in a customer s account and information with respect to the limited market in penny stocks.      The additional sales practice and disclosure requirements imposed upon broker-dealers may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our shares, which could severely limit the market liquidity of the shares and impede the sale of our shares in the secondary market.        In the event that an investment in our shares is for the purpose of deriving dividend income or in expectation of an increase in market price of our shares from the declaration and payment of dividends, the investment will be compromised because we do not intend to pay dividends.        We have never paid a dividend to our shareholders and we intend to retain our cash for the continued development of our business. Accordingly, we do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. As a result, a return on investment will be solely determined by the ability to sell the shares in the secondary market.        Historically, the market price of our common stock has been and may continue to fluctuate significantly.       Our stock is thinly traded and trading in our stock is volatile. In addition, the global markets generally have experienced significant and increased volatility in the past, and have been impacted by the effects of mass sub-prime mortgage defaults and liquidity problems of the asset-backed commercial paper market, resulting in a number of large financial institutions requiring government bailouts or filing for bankruptcy. The effects of these past events and any similar events in the future may continue to or further affect the global markets, which may directly affect the market price of our common stock and our accessibility for additional financing. Although this volatility may be unrelated to specific company performance, it can have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares which, historically, has fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the future.     In addition to the volatility associated with general economic trends and market conditions, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly due to the impact of any one or more events, including, but not limited to, the following: (i) our inability to raise the financing required to fund the acquisition of our initial 20% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi; (ii) changes in the global market for diamonds; (iii) failure to meet market expectations on Mineracao Batovi s exploration activities; (iv) sales of a large number of our shares held by certain stockholders including institutions and insiders; (v) legal claims brought forth against us; and (vi) introduction of technological innovations by competitors or in competing technologies.              A prolonged decline in the market price of our common stock could affect our ability to obtain additional financing which would adversely affect our operations.       Historically, we have relied on equity financing as the primary source of funding. A prolonged decline in the market price of our common stock or a reduction in our accessibility to the global markets may result in our inability to secure the financing required to fund the acquisition of our initial 20% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi, or to seek additional financing, which would have an adverse effect on our operations.       Additional issuances of our common stock may result in significant dilution to our existing shareholders and reduce the market value of their investment.       We are authorized to issue 300,000,000 shares of common stock of which 52,042,286 shares were issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2016. Future issuances for financings, mergers and acquisitions, exercise of stock options and share purchase warrants and for other reasons may result in significant dilution to and be issued at prices substantially below the price paid for our shares held by our existing stockholders. Significant dilution would reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power held by our existing stockholders, and may result in a decrease in the market price of our shares.       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.       The Company did not complete any unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q that have not already been disclosed in a current report filed by the Company with the SEC on Form 8-K.      Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers      We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock during the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.       None.        Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.       Not applicable.       Item 5. Other Information.       None.              Item 6. Exhibits.       The following exhibits are included as part of this report:                     SIGNATURES       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.                      DIAMANTE MINERALS INC.              (Registrant)                            Dated: December 12, 2016     /s/ Chad Ulansky               Chad Ulansky              President, Secretary, Treasurer and a director (Principal Executive Officer)                      

<EX-31.1>
 2
 dimn_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   dimn_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1       CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO    SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Chad Ulansky, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Diamante Minerals Inc., a Nevada corporation, for the quarter ended October 31, 2016;               2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                        a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                         c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                         d.  Disclosed in this report any change in registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                   5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                     a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                         b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                      Date: December 12, 2016    By:      /s/ Chad Ulansky                 Chad Ulansky                President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a director  (Principal Executive Officer)            

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 dimn_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   dimn_ex312.htm      EXHIBIT 31.2       CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO    SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Jennifer Irons, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Diamante Minerals Inc., a Nevada corporation, for the quarter ended October 31, 2016;               2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                        a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                         c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                         d.  Disclosed in this report any change in registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                   5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                     a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                         b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                      Date: December 12, 2016    By:      /s/ Jennifer Irons                 Jennifer Irons                Chief Financial Officer            

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 dimn_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   dimn_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      The undersigned, Chad Ulansky, President and Chief Executive Officer of Diamante Minerals Inc. (the  Registrant ), certifies, under the standards set forth and solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended October 31, 2016 (the  Report ):               (1)     fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                      (2)     the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.                     Date: December 12, 2016    By:      /s/ Chad Ulansky                Name: Chad Ulansky               Title: President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a director (Principal Executive Officer)                        By:      /s/ Jennifer Irons                Name: Jennifer Irons               Title: Chief Financial Officer,               A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 dimn-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dimn-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 dimn-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dimn-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dimn-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dimn-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

