<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1353487_0001144204-16-133686_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4358939</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101192</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>265268</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1125747</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1930966</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>858074</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133686.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114090139
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133686
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MAGNEGAS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001353487
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIAL INDUSTRY MACHINERY, NEC [3559]
		IRS NUMBER:				260250418
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35586
		FILM NUMBER:		161990985

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 RAINVILLE ROAD
		CITY:			TARPON SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34689
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(727) 932-9593

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35246 US 19 #311
		CITY:			PALM HARBOR
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34684

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	4307 Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060215

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133686.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452277_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

   x   
   QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the transition period from ______________
to ______________  

Commission File Number: 001-35586  

MagneGas Corporation  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
       
       26-0250418    

(State or other jurisdiction of 
         incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification No.)   

(727) 934-3448  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

(Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

  Yes
  x       No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes
  x       No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large
accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large accelerated filer          
      Accelerated filer           

Non-accelerated filer               (do not check if smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company       x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     
     No   x  

As of November 8, 2016 there were 52,139,304 shares of common
stock, $0.001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

MAGNEGAS CORPORATION  

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

  FORM 10-Q REPORT  

  September 30, 2016  

Page   
  Number    
 
       PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.    
       Financial Statements.   
      3   
 
      Item 2.    
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
      20   
 
      Item 3.    
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
      28   
 
      Item 4.    
       Controls and Procedures.   
      28   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.    
       Legal Proceedings.   
      29   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors.   
      29   
 
      Item 2.    
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
      31   
 
      Item 3.    
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
      31   
 
      Item 4.    
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      31   
 
      Item 5.    
       Other Information.   
      31   
 
      Item 6.    
       Exhibits.   
      31   

SIGNATURES    
      32   

2   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item
    1.   
       Consolidated
    Financial Statements.    

Page   
  Number    

Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 (audited)   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (unaudited)   
      6   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      7   

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      8   

3   

MagneGas Corporation  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   

4   

MagneGas Corporation  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   

5   

MagneGas Corporation  

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes
in Stockholders' Equity  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   

6   

MagneGas Corporation  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows  

  For the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.    

7   

MagneGas Corporation   

  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

   September 30, 2016   

1. Description of Business  

MagneGas Corporation (the  Company )
was organized in the State of Delaware on December 9, 2005. 

The Company is an alternative energy company that creates
a system that produces hydrogen based fuel through the gasification of liquid and liquid waste. Management has developed a
process which gasifies various types of liquids and liquid wastes through a proprietary plasma arc system.  A
byproduct of this process is an alternative to natural gas currently sold in the metalworking market as a cutting fuel. The
Company produces gas bottled in cylinders for the purpose of distribution to the metalworking market as an alternative to
acetylene.  Additionally, the Company markets for sale its proprietary plasma arc technology for the processing of
liquid waste (the  Plasma Arc Flow  or  Plasma Arc Flow System ), is developing ancillary uses of its
MagneGas2  fuel for co-combustion, and has acquired a gas distribution company that sells various types of industrial
fuels and supplies. Through the course of its business development, the Company has established a retail and wholesale
platform to sell its fuel for use in the metalworking and manufacturing industries. The Company has also established a
network of brokers to sell its Plasma Arc Flow equipment internationally. 

2. Going Concern and Managements  Plan  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash of approximately
$1,182,000 and has reported a net loss of approximately $10.8 million and has used cash in operations of $6.5 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. In addition, as of September 30, 2016 the Company has a working capital deficit of approximately
$1.6 million and an accumulated deficit of approximately $46.9 million. The aforementioned factors raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going
concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the
classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Historically, the Company has financed its operations through
equity and debt financing transactions and expects to continue incurring operating losses for the foreseeable future. The Company s
plans and expectations for the next 12 months include raising additional capital to help fund commercial operations, including
product development. The Company utilizes cash in its operations of approximately $720,000 per month. Management believes but it
cannot be certain its current holdings of cash along with the cash to be generated from expected product sales and future financings
will be sufficient to meet its projected operating requirements for the next twelve months from the date of this report. In November
2015, the Company sold its first Plasma-Arc Gasification system for $775,000. The Company already received milestone payments totaling
$583,750 as a result of this sale and will receive a final payment of $191,250 after the expected delivery of the system by us
to the customer by the end of 2016. The Company believes that this sale will enable it to generate additional equipment sales as
a result of the visibility in the industrial gas industry of this new technology being operated by a third party. 

If these sources do not provide the capital necessary to fund
the Company s operations during the next twelve months from the date of this report, the Company may need to curtail certain
aspects of its operations or expansion activities, consider the sale of its assets, or consider other means of financing. The Company
can give no assurance that it will be successful in implementing its business plan and obtaining financing on terms advantageous
to the Company or that any such additional financing would be available to the Company. 

3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information,
the instructions to SEC Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information
and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In preparing the financial statements, management is required
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the balance sheet and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the period. Actual results
could differ significantly from those estimates. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements and the following
notes should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto in the Company s
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

In the opinion of management, all adjustments consisting of
normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of (a) the result of operations for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015; (b) the financial position at September 30, 2016; and (c) cash flows for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, have been made. 

8   

Use of Estimates   

The Company prepares its financial statements in conformity
with GAAP. These principles require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management believes that these estimates are reasonable and have been discussed
with the Board of Directors; however, actual results could differ from those estimates. The financial statements presented
include inventory reserves, fair value of derivative financial instruments, accounting of joint ventures, recoverability of deferred
tax assets and collections of its receivables. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared
using the accounting records of MagneGas and its wholly owned subsidiary Equipment Sales and Services, Inc. and all material intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

Variable Interest Entities   

The Company considers the consolidation of entities to which
the usual condition (ownership of a majority voting interest) of consolidation does not apply, focusing on controlling financial
interests that may be achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interest.  If an enterprise holds a majority
of the variable interests of an entity, it would be considered the primary beneficiary.  The primary beneficiary is generally
required to consolidate assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests at fair value (or at historical cost if the entity is
a related party) and subsequently account for the variable interest as if it were consolidated based on a majority voting interest. The
Company has investments in joint ventures that are in development of the MagneGas2  technology, however the Company is not
identified as a primary beneficiary; therefore consolidation is not required and the investments are recorded using the equity
method of accounting. 

Accounts Receivable   

Accounts receivable consist of amounts due for the delivery
of MagneGas2  sales to customers with payment terms of generally 30 days. An allowance for doubtful accounts is considered
to be established for any amounts that may not be recoverable, which is based on an analysis of the Company s customer credit
worthiness, historical estimates, and current economic trends.    Receivables are determined to be past due,
based on payment terms of original invoices.  The Company does not typically charge interest on past due receivables. 

Intangible Assets    

Intangible assets primarily consist of intellectual property
which is amortized ratably over a life of the property which ranges from 15 years to 20 years. The Company assesses the carrying
value of its intangible assets for impairment each year. Based on its assessments, the Company did not incur any impairment charges
for either the three or nine months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company generates revenue through two processes: (1) the
sale of its MagneGas2  fuel for metal cutting and (2) the sale of its Plasma Arc Flow units.  Additionally, the Company
also recognizes revenue from territorial license arrangements, and through the sales of metal cutting gases and related products
through their wholly owned subsidiary, Equipment Sales and Service, Inc. ( ESSI ), a Florida corporation. 

Revenue for metal-working fuel is recognized when shipments are made to customers. The Company recognizes a sale when the product has been shipped and risk of loss has passed to the customer and collectability is reasonably assured.   

Revenue generated from sales of its production unit is recognized on a percentage of completion, based on the progress during manufacturing of the unit.  Our machine is a significant investment and generally requires a 6 to 9 month production cycle.  During the course of building a unit the actual costs are tracked to our cost estimates and revenue is proportionately recognized during the process.   Significant deposits are required before production.  These deposits are classified as customer deposits.  During our production, costs and progress earnings are accumulated and included in  Costs and earnings  as an asset, such amounts have been immaterial to date.   

Licenses are issued, per contractual agreement, for distribution rights within certain geographic territories.  The Company recognizes revenue ratably, based on the amounts paid or values received, over the term of the licensing agreement.   

9   

Inventory, net   

Inventory is stated at the lower of standard cost or market,
which approximates actual cost. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out method.  Inventory is comprised of spare
parts; consumables used in the production of gas, regulators and tips and accumulated costs incurred in the manufacturing process
of units held for future sales. Estimates of lower of cost or market are based upon economic conditions, historical sales quantities
and patterns, and in some cases, the specific risk of loss on specifically identified inventories. The Company evaluates inventories
on a regular basis to identify inventory on hand that may be slow moving. Inventory that is in excess of current and projected
use is reduced by an allowance to the level that approximates its estimate of future demand. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
has a reserve of $270,000 for slow moving items. 

Goodwill   

The Company records goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets
in connection with business combinations. Goodwill, which represents the excess of acquis ion cost over the fair value of the net
tangible and intangible assets of the acquired company is not amortized, Indefinite-lived assets are stated at fair value as of
the date acquired in a business combination. The Company s goodwill balance and other asset with indefinite lives are evaluated
for potential impairment annually each year and in certain other circumstances. The valuation of impairment involves comparing
the current fair value of the business to the recorded value, including goodwill. To determine the fair value of the business,
the Company utilizes both the  Income Approach , which is based on estimates of the future net cash flow, and the  Market
Approach , which observes transactional evidence involving similar business. The Company did not identify any indicators
of impairment during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Stock Based Compensation   

The Company accounts for options granted to employees by measuring
the cost of services received in exchange for the award of equity instruments based upon the fair value of the award on the date
of grant. The fair value of that award is then ratably recognized as expense over the period during which the recipient is required
to provide services in exchange for that award. 

Options and warrants granted to consultants
and other non-employee are recorded at fair value as of the grand date and subsequently adjusted to fair value at the end of each
reporting period until such options and warrants vest, and the fair value of such instruments, as adjusted, is expected over related
vesting period. 

The Company incurred stock-based compensation
charges, net of estimated forfeitures of $241,852 and $410,160 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively
and has included such amounts in selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share   

Basic earnings (loss) per share calculations are determined
by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per
share calculations are determined by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares.  In periods
of net loss, stock equivalents are excluded, as those shares would be anti-dilutive. 

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 the Company s common
stock equivalents outstanding. 

10   

Derivative Financial Instruments   

The fair value of an embedded conversion option that is convertible
into a variable amount of shares and warrants that include price protection reset provision features are deemed to be  down-round
protection  and, therefore, do not meet the scope exception for treatment as a derivative under ASC 815  Derivatives
and Hedging , since  down-round protection  is not an input into the calculation of the fair value of the conversion
option and warrants and cannot be considered  indexed to the Company s own stock  which is a requirement for
the scope exception as outlined under ASC 815. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company
record the embedded conversion option and warrants at their fair values as of the inception date of the agreement and at fair value
as of each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in fair value is recorded as non-operating, non-cash income or expense for
each reporting period at each balance sheet date. The Company reassesses the classification of its derivative instruments at each
balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the contract is reclassified as of the
date of the event that caused the reclassification. As a result of entering into a convertible credit facility for which such instruments
contained a variable conversion feature with no floor, the Company has adopted a sequencing policy in accordance with ASC 815-40-35-12
whereby all future instruments may be classified as a derivative liability with the exception of instruments related to share-based
compensation. 

The Black-Scholes option valuation model was used to estimate
the fair value of the warrants and conversion options. The model includes subjective input assumptions that can materially affect
the fair value estimates. The Company determined the fair value of the Binomial Lattice Model and the Black-Scholes Valuation Model
to be materially the same. The expected volatility is estimated based on the most recent historical period of time equal to the
weighted average life of the warrants. Conversion options are recorded as debt discount and are amortized as interest expense over
the life of the underlying debt instrument. 

Reclassifications   

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified for comparative
purposes to conform to the fiscal 2015 presentation. These reclassifications have no impact on the previously reported net loss. 

Subsequent Events   

The Company evaluates events that have occurred after the balance
sheet date but before the financial statements are issued. Based upon the evaluation, the Company did not identify any recognized
or non-recognized subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements,
except as disclosed in Note 15. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-07  Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323),
Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  ( ASU 2016-07 ). ASU 2016-07 which simplifies
the accounting for equity method investments by eliminating the requirement that an entity retroactively adopt the equity method
of accounting if an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership or degree
of influence. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee
to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date
the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting The amendments of this ASU are effective for reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating ASU 2016-17 and its impact on its condensed consolidated
financial statements or disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers - Principal versus Agent Considerations.  This update provides clarifying guidance regarding
the application of ASU No. 2014-09 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers when another party, along with the reporting entity,
is involved in providing a good or a service to a customer. In these circumstances, an entity is required to determine whether
the nature of its promise is to provide that good or service to the customer (that is, the entity is a principal) or to arrange
for the good or service to be provided to the customer by the other party (that is, the entity is an agent). The amendments in
the Update clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. The update is effective, along with ASU
2014-09, for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is evaluating ASU 2016-08 and its impact
on its condensed consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 

11   

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation
  Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 requires an entity to simplify several aspects
of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either
equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating ASU 2016-09 and its impact on its condensed
consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 

On May 9, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2016-12 ). ASU 2016-12 provides clarifying guidance in a few
narrow areas and adds some practical expedients to the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for this ASU are
the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. The Company is evaluating the effect of ASU 2014-09,
if any, on its financial statements. 

Except for rules and interpretive releases of the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered standards,
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification  ( ASC ) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature recognized
by the FASB and applicable to the Company.  Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes
any effect will not have a material impact on the Company's present or future consolidated financial statements. 

4. Inventory, net  

Inventory primarily consists of: 

5. Investment in Joint Ventures  

As of September 30, 2016 the Company s investments in
its joint ventures consisted of the following: 

12   

a)  
      On June 25, 2010, the Company entered into agreement with a Belgian company, whereby 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock and territorial license rights were exchanged for a 20% interest in MagneGas Europe.  The Company valued the investment in the Joint Venture at the fair market value of the shares issued ($23,750).  The Company does not have effective or beneficial control over the European entity and the Company accounts for this investment using the Equity Method. Equity in earnings or loss from MagneGas Europe to date has not been material.   

b)  
      On June 28, 2010, the Company entered into an agreement with DDI Industries, a Chinese company, in contemplation of the formation of MagneGas China.  The Company provided mechanical drawings (for complete construction), computer programs, license of patents (Greater China Region), trademarks, among other items of the Plasma Arc Flow Recyclers to the new entity in exchange for a $2 million investment in MagneGas Corporation (received as of September 30, 2010; subscription at a share price of $1.35 or 1,481,481 common shares) and 20% share in MagneGas China.  The Company s investment had been valued at $466,660, a mutually agreed amount for the technology license.  The MagneGas China entity was funded in cash for an amount which reflects the intellectual property s value. The Company does not have effective or beneficial control over the China entity.  In May of 2016, the original majority owner of the entity, DDI Industries, sold their interest to another entity, Paishi Environment Technologies, also a Chinese entity.  Based on the sales price DDI Industries received in the transaction for its controlling interest and the lack of earnings in the joint venture to date, the Company determined its investment was fully impaired.   

c)  
      On January 16, 2014, the Company entered into a joint venture, Supplemental Energy Solutions, LLC, to pursue the coal co-combustion coal market in the United States and Canada.  The Company owns 50% of Supplemental Energy Solutions, LLC with the balance owned by confidential partners from the United States and additional partners to be added as warranted. Currently there is no value placed on this subsidiary as it is a development stage company conducting research and development for this market. It does not own any assets and activity has been minimal.   

d)  
      On March 19, 2014, the Company signed a Joint Venture agreement with FutureEnergy Pty Ltd of Australia. Under the terms of the agreement, both parties will own 50% of a new Company formed for the purpose of developing, licensing and commercializing new intellectual property for co-combustion of MagneGas fuels with hydrocarbon fuels to reduce emissions and increase energy. This agreement includes and extends beyond the existing partnership of coal co-combustion to include other current and future developments such as the combustion of MagneGas with diesel, heavy oil, aviation fuels, and liquid petroleum gas. The Company is working with FutureEnergy Pty Ltd and Supplemental Energy Solutions to finalize a license and commercialization agreement for the United Stated and Canada for Coal Co-Combustion.  The Company s investment is $254,840 and recorded on the equity method since day to day control rests with the other partners. This joint venture is a development stage company conducting research and development and research activity and has been minimal to date.   

e)  
      In
2015, the Company entered into a Joint Venture agreement to target a specific geographic region in Florida. The Company s
investment was $34,351. During the second quarter of 2016 the Company had not seen the development of the venture to support the
value of its investment so the Company has elected to recognize impairment for the full value of the original investment.   

6. Fair Value  

The Company determines the estimated fair value of amounts presented
in these condensed consolidated financial statements using available market information and appropriate methodologies. However,
considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value. The estimates presented in
the financial statements are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized in a current exchange between buyer
and seller. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated
fair value amounts. These fair value estimates were based upon pertinent information available as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, and, as of those dates, the carrying value of all amounts approximates fair value. 

13   

The Company has categorized its assets and liabilities at fair
value based upon the following fair value hierarchy: 

Level 1 - Inputs use quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. 

Level 2 - Inputs use directly or indirectly observable inputs.
These inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets as well as other inputs such as interest
rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. 

Level 3 - Inputs are unobservable inputs, including inputs that
are available in situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the related asset or liability. 

In instances where inputs used to measure fair value fall into
different levels in the above fair value hierarchy, fair value measurements in their entirety are categorized based on the lowest
level input that is significant to the valuation. The Company s assessment of the significance of particular inputs to these
fair measurements requires judgment and considers factors specific to each asset or liability. 

Both observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine
the fair value of positions that are classified within the Level 3 category. As a result, the unrealized gains and losses for assets
within the Level 3 category presented in the tables below may include changes in fair value that were attributable to both observable
(e.g., changes in market interest rates) and unobservable (e.g., changes in historical company data) inputs. 

The following table summarizes the valuation of the Company s
derivatives by the above fair value hierarchy levels as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 using quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets (Level 1), significant other observable inputs (Level 2), and significant unobservable inputs (Level
3): 

14   

Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values
are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model
assumption or input is unobservable. The Company s Level 3 liabilities shown in the above table consist of warrants that
contain a cashless exercise feature that provides for their net share settlement at the option of the holder. The warrants also
contain a fundamental transactions provision that permits their settlement in cash at fair value at the option of the holder upon
the occurrence of a change in control. Such change in control events include tender offers or hostile takeovers, which are not
within the sole control of the Company as the issuer of these warrants. Accordingly, the warrants are considered to have a cash
settlement feature that precludes their classification as equity instruments. Settlement at fair value upon the occurrence of a
fundamental transaction would be computed using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model. 

Assumptions utilized in the valuation of Level 3 liabilities
are described as follows:  

The risk-free interest rate was determined from the implied
yields from U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with a remaining term consistent with the expected term of the instrument being valued.
The expected term used is the contractual life of the instrument being valued. Volatility was calculated using the Company s
historical common stock price over the expected term of the instruments valued. Dividends were deemed to be $0 as the Company has
historically never declared any dividends to its stock holders. 

The following table provides a summary of the changes in fair
value, including net transfers in and/or out, of all Level 3 liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable
inputs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The Company s significant financial instruments such as
cash, other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and notes payable were deemed to approximate fair value due to their
short term nature.  

7. Senior Convertible Debenture  

On June 27, 2016, the Company issued and sold a senior convertible
debenture that matures in June 2021 in the principal amount of $1,000,000. The debenture has a stated conversion price of $0.57
per share and a stated interest rate of 0.0% per annum. The conversion feature to the note carries a reset provision whereby if
the Company enters into a subsequent financing at a price less than the original conversion price the stated conversion price would
reset to the lower of the subsequent financing transaction. The holder of the debenture will not have the right to convert any
portion of the debenture if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% of the number of
shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. 

15   

In connection with the debenture addition
the Company granted the following warrants to purchase common stock of the Company to the investor as follows: 

In addition the Company sold to the investor prefunded
warrants To purchase 5,263,158 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share for cash proceeds of
approximately $3,000,000 less the $0.01 exercise price of approximately $53,000. The warrant has life of 0.5 years and was
fully vested on the date of the grant. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 the investor exercised such
warrants. 

The
Company also entered into a registration rights agreement whereby the Company is required to maintain an effective registration
statement covering all of the common stock equivalent for the conversion of the note and for the common stock issuable for the
exercise of the warrants. Under the terms of the registration statement rights agreement the Company is required to have registered
shares available for the settlement of these instruments 60 days from the date of the transaction, in the event of a full review
the date will be 100 days from the date of the transaction. Should the Company not meet this obligation the Company would be required
to pay liquidating damages of 2% of the total investment or approximately $80,000 on the date of the event and every month thereafter
until the violation has been cured. As of September 30, 2016 the Company has not accrued any amount for this contingency as it
was deemed not probable that the Company would incur any liquidating damages in connection with the registration rights agreement.   

In addition, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary signed
a guarantee in connection with the issuance of the debenture and registration rights agreement. 

The Company has accounted for this transaction under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging  whereby the conversion feature in the debenture was deemed to have a  down round 
price protection features with no floor. This feature resulted in the determination that the Company would not have sufficient
authorized shares available to settle its outstanding warrants and convertible instruments. 

Accordingly, the warrants and the embedded conversion option
of the debenture are recorded as derivative liabilities at their fair market value and are required to be marked to market through
earnings at the end of each reporting period. The fair value of the financial instruments was determined using the Black-Scholes
valuation model which approximated the binomial lattice model. The gross proceeds of the prefunded warrant and the sale of the
debenture was recorded net of a discount of $1,000.000. The total fair value of all of the embedded conversion feature and warrants
was approximately $6,675,000 which was in excess of the total proceeds of the transaction. The excess fair value of approximately
$2,622,000 was recorded as a charge to the condensed consolidated statement of operations as a component of interest expense. The
company recorded a charge of approximately $50,000 for the amortization of the debt discount for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 

16   

8. Deferred Revenue and Customer Deposits  

The Company has received deposits on production units and fees
for exclusive territorial license.  The Company has deferred the associated revenues until such time that production
order is placed and produced (recognition under percentage of completion method) or through the passage of time (recognition over
the life of the license term). 

9. Common shares issued for services  

The Company issued 1,076,612 shares of common stock (valued
at $820,500) to consultants for various services rendered during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The common stock was
fully vested on the date of issuance and valued using the Company s closing price on the date of issuance. 

10. Options  

Options outstanding as of September 30,
2016 consisted of the following: 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company
granted 75,000 options to a consultant. The options have a life of 5 years, are exercisable price averaged at $0.91 per share,
and vest over a term of 3 years. The fair value of the options granted approximated $47,600. During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 the Company granted 554,500 options to employees. The options have a life of 5 years, are exercisable price averaged at
$0.62 per share, and vest over a term of 3 years. The fair value of the options granted approximated $245,700 

As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of non-vested options
totaled $1,130,700 which will be amortized to expense over the weighted average remaining term of 2.8 years. 

The fair value of each employee option grant is estimated on
the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.  Key weighted-average assumptions used to apply this pricing
model during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

17   

11. Warrants  

Warrants outstanding as of September 30,
2016 consisted of the following: 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company
issued 5,263,158 shares of common stock for the exercise of warrants, cash proceeds were $52,632 

12. Related Party Transactions  

The Company occupies 5,000 square feet of the building owned
by a related party. Rent is payable at $4,000 on a month to month basis. The facility allows for expansion needs. The lease is
held by EcoPlus, Inc., a company that is effectively controlled by Dr. Ruggero Santilli, a former officer and director of the Company
and one of the people who currently has voting and investment control over 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock which,
in turn, has 100,000 votes per share on any matters brought to a vote of the common stock shareholders. Rent expense for both the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 under this lease was approximately $12,000 and $36,000 respectively. 

The Company holds a 20% ownership of MagneGas Europe acquired
by the issuance of 25,000 shares of common shares, which were valued at the fair market price at the date of grant, June 25, 2010,
at $0.95 per share for an aggregate of $23,750.  Dr. Santilli is a stockholder of MagneGas Europe, and at the time of the
agreement, Ermanno Santilli, our current Chief Executive Officer, was the Chief Executive Officer of MagneGas Europe and Vice President
of MagneGas Corporation. 

13. Product Line Information  

The following information is the results of our operating product
line revenues: 

18   

14. Commitments and Contingencies  

Litigation  

From time to time the Company may be a party to litigation matters
involving claims against the Company.  The Company operates with waste, hazardous material and within a highly regulated industry,
which may lend itself to legal matters.   

On April 16, 2015, there was an accident at the Company s
facilities which occurred during the gas filling process. As a result of the accident, one employee was killed and one was injured
but has recovered and has returned to work. Although the Company has Workers Compensation Insurance and General Liability Insurance,
the financial impact of the accident is unknown at this time. No customers have terminated their relationship with the Company
as a result of the accident. On October 14, 2015 the Company received their final report from the Occupational and Safety Hazard
Administration ( OSHA ) related to the accident.  The OSHA report included findings, many of which were already
resolved and a proposed citation.  The Company was not cited for any willful misconduct and no final determination was made
as to the cause of the accident.  The Company received citations related to various operational issues and received an initial
fine of $52,000. The Company has also been informed by the U.S. Department of Transportation that it has closed its preliminary
investigation with no findings or citations to the Company. The U.S. Department of Transportation has the right to re-open the
investigation should new information become available. 

The Company is still investigating the cause of the accident
and there have been no conclusive findings as of this time.  It is unknown whether the final cause of the accident will be
determined and whether those findings will negatively impact Company operations or sales.  The Company continues to be fully
operational and transparent with all regulatory agencies. As of September 30, 2016 the Company has not accrued for any contingency.
The Company has not been notified of any pending legal claims related to the accident. However, it did receive notice from legal
counsel representing the deceased that it should retain all communication and records related to the accident. 

The Company has insurance to cover Liabilities related to environmental
and pollution contingencies of $1,000,000 per loss and $2,000,000 in the aggregate. 

Operating leases 

On April 5, 2016 the Company entered into a lease for a new
operating facility in Lakeland, FL. The lease agreement is for 3 years with 

 minimum monthly payments of $2,200 ($26,400 per annum) 

On August 4, 2016 the Company entered into a lease for a new
operating facility in Sarasota, FL. The lease agreement is for 5 years with minimum monthly payments of $1,700 ($20,400 per annum) 

15. Subsequent Events  

Subsequent to September 30, 2016 the Company issued 200,000
shares of common stock for the partial conversion of $114,000 of the senior convertible debenture 

On October 7, 2016, MagneGas Corporation
(the  Company ) finalized a Letter of Intent with a German biomass company (the  LOI ). The LOI was signed
on August 28, 2016, however, the LOI did not become binding until the German biomass company (the  German Counterparty )
paid a non-refundable deposit of $25,000 to the Company on October 7, 2016. The LOI calls for the Company and the German Counterparty,
within 90 days of the LOI s execution, to sign definitive agreements for the Company to manufacture and deliver: (1) a 300KW
stationary Gasification system; 2) a 100KW mobile Sterilization system; 3) 250 cylinders full of MagneGas2  and 4) 50 MagneGas
regulators. If the definitive agreements are signed, the German Counterparty will make progress payments totaling $2.625 million
due upon signature of the definitive agreements, construction completion, and delivery of systems and related supplies. The German
Counterparty will have exclusive distribution rights in Germany, with an option to purchase exclusive distribution rights to certain
additional countries with additional system purchases. The Company can give no assurance it will be successful in contemplating
this transaction. 

19   

Item 2.    
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward Looking Statements  

The information contained in Item 2 contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. Actual results may materially differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result
of certain risks and uncertainties set forth in this report. Although management believes that the assumptions made and expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that the underlying assumptions will, in fact,
prove to be correct or that actual results will not be different from expectations expressed in this report. 

This filing contains a number of forward-looking statements
which reflect management s current views and expectations with respect to our business, strategies, products, future results
and events, and financial performance. All statements made in this filing other than statements of historical fact, including statements
addressing operating performance, events, or developments which management expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future,
including statements related to distributor channels, volume growth, revenues, profitability, new products, adequacy of funds from
operations, statements expressing general optimism about future operating results, and non-historical information, are forward
looking statements. In particular, the words  believe,   expect,   intend,   anticipate, 
 estimate,   may,  variations of such words, and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements,
but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements, and their absence does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking.
These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including those discussed below. Our actual results,
performance or achievements could differ materially from historical results as well as those expressed in, anticipated, or implied
by these forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to revise these forward-looking statements to reflect any
future events or circumstances. 

Readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which are based on management s current expectations and projections about future events, are not guarantees
of future performance, are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions (including those described below), and apply only as
of the date of this filing. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from the results expressed
in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are
not limited to, the risks to be discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the press releases and other communications
to shareholders issued by us from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors which may affect
our business. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events, or otherwise. 

Certain Terms Used in this Report  

When this report uses the words  we,   us, 
 our,  and the  Company,  they refer to MagneGas Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries.  SEC 
refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Our Company  

We are a technology company that produces a plasma based system
for the gasification and sterilization of liquid waste. A byproduct of our process is a hydrogen based fuel that we sell for metal
cutting as an alternative to acetylene ( MagneGas2  ). In addition, we are developing the use of our fuel for co-combustion
with hydrocarbon fuels to reduce emissions. We also market, for sale or licensure, our proprietary plasma arc technology for the
processing of liquid waste (the  Plasma Arc Flow  System ). Through the course of our business development, we
have established a retail and distribution platform to sell our fuel for use in the metalworking industries; we have developed
a global network of brokers to sell our system for processing liquid waste and we are testing our fuel through a third party laboratory
for use in the reduction of coal emissions. Additionally, we intend to acquire other gas distribution businesses in order to become
a larger distributor of MagneGas2 , other industrial gases and related equipment. 

In October of 2014, we purchased Equipment Sales and
Services, Inc. ( ESSI ) for $3 million cash. ESSI is a full line seller of industrial gases and equipment for the
welding and metal cutting industries. The Company has since opened three additional retail locations and distributes its
proprietary MagneGas2  product as well as other gases and welding supplies through this wholly owned subsidiary. 

20   

Our Products  

We currently have three products: the fuel called MagneGas2 
for the metal working industry, the equipment primarily known in the firefighting industry, known as MagneTote, and the machines
that produce MagneGas2 , known as Plasma Arc Flow  refineries. In addition, the Company sells metal cutting fuels and ancillary
products through ESSI. 

While our original fuel for the metal working industry was known
as MagneGas , we started selling MagneGas2  in July 2014 and stopped selling MagneGas  in March 2015. 

Fuel  

In the United States, we currently produce MagneGas2 , which
is comprised primarily of hydrogen. The fuel can be used as an alternative to natural gas to power industrial equipment, automobiles
and for metal cutting. The fuel is stored in hydrogen cylinders which are then sold to market on a rotating basis. Independent
tests have confirmed that it cuts 38% faster than acetylene. The fuel has similar properties as acetylene making it easier for
end users to adopt with limited training. 

MagneTote is a storage and transport system that can be used
by firefighters, military and first responders which allows quicker access to fuel. The system has been designed to be used in
emergency extraction situations. 

Equipment  

The Plasma Arc Flow  System can gasify many forms of liquids
and liquid waste such as used vegetable oils, ethylene glycol and sewage and sludge. Plasma Arc Flow  refineries have been
configured in various sizes ranging from 50kw to 500kw depending on the application. Plasma Arc Flow  refineries range in price
from $500,000 to $5 Million. 

The Company is pursuing three major market segments: 

Industrial Gas Sales   

Equipment Sales for Liquid Waste Processing   

Use of MagneGas2  for the Co-Combustion of Hydro-Carbon Fuels to Reduce Emissions   

The Company s Research and Development focuses on the
following: 

Increased system efficiency for higher fuel production   

Combustion of MagneGas2  with hydrocarbon fuels, such as coal, to reduce emission   

Third party verification of fuel and equipment safety and performance results   

21   

Sales  

Industrial Gas Sales  

ESSI is being used as a launching platform to accelerate MagneGas2 
fuel sales into the Florida market by allowing the Company access to a variety of goods and services for the metal working market
and access to acetylene customers for potential conversion into MagneGas2 . 

ESSI operates a business of sales and distribution of industrial
gases and related equipment from its headquarters in Pinellas Park, Florida. On August 4, 2016, the Company announced that it had
signed a lease that will allow it to open a facility in its fourth location for ESSI. The Company already has fully owned ESSI
facilities in Clearwater and Lakeland, Florida and continues to operate its facility in North Florida,  ESSI North, 
which is owned as a Joint Venture with partner Suwannee Ironworks. 

The Company is aggressively seeking other gas distribution business
acquisitions. It has retained a consultant to assist in the search and has identified several potential acquisition targets. The
Company has a strategy of selling fuel to the military, the first responder market and major marquee customers in the electric
utility and waste to energy industry. The fuel is sourced through ESSI or through local distributor relationships in various states.
To that end it has received initial fuel orders from several major customers including utility companies, a transportation company,
the U.S. Navy, the Fire Department of New York and several others. All of these sales have long sales cycles as initial orders
have been received and filled and the Company is in various stages of the procurement process for additional penetration and recurring
orders. The ramp-up period for these customers can range from several weeks to several months. In addition, the Company has signed
an exclusive distribution agreement with a Florida company to distribute fuel and MagneTote to the first responder market throughout
the Southeastern United States. 

For the Quarter ending September 30, 2016 the Company had the
following developments: 

It became an authorized distributor for Global Calibration Gases,
a specialty gas company;    

A major Fortune 100 Auto Manufacturing Company converted an Indiana
Factory from Acetylene to MagneGas2  for Metal Cutting;    

MagneGas2  was chosen by one of Florida s largest counties
as a Fire-Rescue metal cutting fuel; and     

The Company completed the purchase of 2,000 additional gas cylinders
to meet sales demand.    

Equipment Sales  

On
November 11, 2015, the Company executed agreements with Green Arc Supply of Louisiana for the sale of a MagneGas2  gasification
system for $775,000. A deposit of $392,500 was received at the execution of the agreement and another $191,250 was received in
July with the balance due and payable upon the completion of the system construction. The Company has completed construction and
is in the process of final testing and deployment with the Customer, after which a final $191,250 is due and payable.    

MagneGas2     for the Co-Combustion of Hydro-Carbon
Fuels to Reduce Emissions  

The Company has completed internal testing both in the United
States and Australia of the effect of combusting MagneGas2  with hydrocarbon fuel exhaust and has demonstrated reduced hydrocarbon
emission and increased heat with the co-combustion of coal and other hydrocarbon fuels and MagneGas2 . 

On September 13, 2014 the Company and FuturEnergy PTY, LTD of
Australia signed a term sheet in order to form a Joint Venture ( JV LLC Australia ) for the purposes of pursuing the
co-combustion of MagneGas2  fuel with hydrocarbon fuels to reduce emissions through co-combustion of MagneGas2  fuel including
diesel, gasoline and coal. 

22   

On March 20, 2015, the Company and FuturEnergy PTY, LTD finalized
a term sheet (the  March 2015 Term Sheet ) with a confidential party from Michigan for a tri-party joint venture implemented
through a Delaware limited liability company (the  JV LLC ). Each party owns one-third of the JV LLC which is engaged
in the worldwide testing, development, and pursuit of the co-combustion of MagneGas2  with coal and coal by-products in the
electric power plant industry. The March 2015 Term Sheet was due to expire on December 31, 2015 unless the three parties agreed
to extend the term. On December 26, 2015, the parties agreed to extend the March 2015 Term Sheet until December 31, 2016. The extension
allows the parties to attain verification by an independent agency of the co-combustion technology by December 31, 2016. 

On October 23, 2016 the main partner from our Joint Venture
in Michigan died unexpectedly from a sudden medical condition. As a result, the verification of the co-combustion has been delayed.
The testing for co-combustion was occurring in Michigan under operational leadership from this partner. The Company is now in the
process of moving the testing equipment to Florida and plans to resume the testing in late 2016. As a result, the date of the verification
is unknown at this time. 

Research and Development  

Increased System Efficiency for Greater Fuel Output  

The Company has begun working with an advanced power system
to test another method of delivering power to the arc within the MagneGas system. Initially analysis has shown that using a more
efficient power delivery method could increase fuel output per kilowatt. Testing was completed in September, and although additional
fuel output was achieved, it was not at the levels required for this investment in this new equipment. The Company is now exploring
alternative methods to increase efficiency and fuel output.  

Sterilization System for Agricultural Use  

In early 2015, the Company completed a new generation of mobile
systems for use with the sterilization of manures and sewage waste. It has developed a new 50kw Venturi System which was tested
at a major hog farm in Indiana. The Company conducted multiple successful tests at the farm with increasing flow and efficiency
rates. The pilot plant achieved what was expected, namely, full sterilization of manures processed through the 50kw pilot system.
The Company made a presentation to officials at the United States Department of Agriculture in early 2016. The officials indicated
that there are grant programs available for these types of projects and the Company retained a consultant to assist it in the grant
application process which was submitted on May 10, 2016. The Company has been informed that it did not receive the grant as there
were many more applicants than anticipated. However, the Company is continuing to work with representatives from the U.S.D.A to
explore other opportunities. 

Facilities  

In
March of 2016, the Company moved into its new headquarters 18855 44 th  Street North, Clearwater, Florida. This new facility
is 18,000 square feet and has the capacity for three MagneGas systems to run simultaneously for multiple shifts. The Company is
in the process of installing all three systems while we continue to produce fuel in our old location.    

23   

Intellectual Property  

The Plasma Arc Flow  refinery forces a high volume flow
of liquid waste through an electric arc between carbon electrodes. The benefit of this from a competitive perspective is that it
sterilizes the bio-contaminants within the waste without the need to add any chemical disinfecting agents. In addition, while sterilizing
the liquid, a clean burning fuel is produced. In addition to the patents list below, the Company has several patents pending. 

MagneGas Corporation has patent ownership on the technology
in the United States and is exploring filing patents under the Patent Cooperation Treaty in other areas of the world as needed.
MagneGas Corporation has a 20% ownership interest in MagneGas entities that control the intellectual property in Europe, Africa
and China. MagneGas Corporation owns the following U. S. patents: 

U. S. Patent No. 6,926,872    issued August
9, 2005, expires June 29, 2018, titled  Apparatus and Method for Producing a Clean Burning Combustible Gas with Long Life
Electrodes and Multiple Plasma-Arc-Flows;  

U. S. Patent No. 6,972,118    issued December
6, 2005, expires November 13, 2022, titled  Apparatus and Method for Processing Hydrogen, Oxygen and Other Gases;  

U. S. Patent No. 7,780,924    issued August
24, 2010, expires June 7, 2029, titled  Plasma-arc-flow apparatus for submerged long lasting electric arcs operating under
high power, pressure and temperature conditions to produce a combustible gas;  

U. S. Patent No. 8,236,150    
 issued August 7, 2012, expires September 17, 2030, titled,  Plasma-Arc-Through Apparatus and Process for Submerged
Electric Arcs;  

U.S. Patent No. 6,183,604    issued
February 6, 2001, expires August 11, 2019, titled  Durable and efficient equipment for the production of a combustible and
non-pollutant gas from underwater arcs and method therefor;  

U.S. Patent No. 6,540,966    issued
April 1, 2003, expires June 29, 2018, titled  Apparatus and Method for Recycling Contaminated Liquids;  

U.S. Patent No. 6,673,322    issued
January 6, 2004, expires June 29, 2018, titled  Apparatus for Making a Highly Efficient, Oxygen Rich Fuels;  and 

U.S. Patent No. 6,663,752   
issued December 16, 2003, expires July 9, 2022, titled  Clean Burning Liquid Fuel Produced Via a Self -Sustaining Processing
of Liquid Feedstock.  

In addition to the above-listed utility patents, MagneGas Corporation
is the assignee of multiple pending provisional applications and non-provisional utility patent applications. Furthermore, MagneGas
Corporation is the owner of record for the registered trademark MAGNEGAS in both the United States and Mexico.  

Accident at Company Facility  

On April 16, 2015, there was an accident at the Company s
facilities which occurred during the gas filling process. As a result of the accident, one employee was killed and one was injured
but has recovered and has returned to work. Although the Company has Workers Compensation Insurance and General Liability Insurance,
the financial impact of the accident is unknown at this time. No customers have terminated their relationship with the Company
as a result of the accident. On October 14, 2015, the Company received the final report from the Occupational and Safety Hazard
Administration ( OSHA ) related to the accident.  The OSHA report included findings, many of which were already
resolved and a proposed citation.  The Company was not cited for any willful misconduct and no final determination was made
as to the cause of the accident.  The Company received citations related to various operational issues and received an initial
fine of $52,000.  The Company has also been informed by the U.S. Department of Transportation that it has closed its preliminary
investigation with no findings or citations to the Company. The U.S. Department of Transportation has the right to re-open the
investigation should new information become available. 

The Company is still investigating the cause of the accident
and there have been no conclusive findings as of this time.  It is unknown whether the final cause of the accident will be
determined and whether those findings will negatively impact Company operations or sales.  The Company continues to be fully
operational and transparent with all regulatory agencies. 

24   

Employees  

We presently have forty three full-time employees. We occasionally
have leased employees and independent technicians perform production and other duties, as required. We consider our relationship
with our employees to be excellent. 

Results of Operations  

Comparison for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Revenues  

For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 we generated revenues of $1,037,668 and $2,540,588 compared to $623,893 and $1,753,986, respectively.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we generated revenues from our metal cutting fuel of $676,518
and $1,985,688 compared to $623,893 and $1,707,320, respectively. 

Our increase in revenues was primarily
due to additional customers and distributors we obtained through ESSI and the results of marketing our Company. In addition, we
recognized $361,150 in revenue from the equipment sale to Green Arc. The Company also experienced close to 20% revenue growth versus
the same period 2015 for MagneGas fuel sales. This was primarily attributed to additional customers and distributors 

For our technology licensing, we have
recognized $0 and $46,666 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These license fees are ratably
earned over the terms of the licensing agreement which expired as of June 30, 2015. Currently we do not have any outstanding licenses
that are generating revenue. 

For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 cost of revenues were $632,531 and $1,470,569 compared to $405,979 and $1,078,032, respectively. For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we generated a gross profit of $405,137 and $1,070,019 compared to
$217,914 and $675,954 respectively. An improved gross profit can be attributed to strategic price increases and controlling the
cost of materials. In addition, the gross profit from the Green Arc sales was higher than anticipated due to lower component costs
and installation expenses 

Operating Expenses  

Operating costs for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $3,011,124 and $9,024,824 compared to $2,430,740 and $6,714,811, respectively. The
increase in our operating costs in 2016 was primarily attributable to the completion of our new headquarters and increased consulting
expenses related to research and development, investor relations, public relations and new business development. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 we recognized a non-cash charge of $241,852 in stock based compensation, compared to $410,160 in
the comparable nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Other non-cash operating expenses were due to depreciation and
amortization charges of $507,000 for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $418,467 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. 

In the current quarter, as in prior
quarters, we used common stock as a method of payment for certain services, primarily the advertising and promotion of the technology
to increase investor and customer awareness and as incentive to its key employees and consultants.   We expect to continue
these arrangements, though due to a stronger operating position, this method of payment may become limited to employees. 

Net Loss  

Our operating results have recognized losses
in the amount of $4,067,678 and $10, 839,326 compared to $2,215,220 and $6,531,794 for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increase in our loss was primarily attributable to a 2016 change in derivative
liability related to our pre-2014 warrants, the warrants associated with the June 2016 financing as well as impairment for a joint
venture. The interest expense associated with the Derivative Liability is a non-cash item. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash of approximately
$1,182,000 and has reported a net loss of approximately $10.8 million and has used cash in operations of $6.5 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. In addition, as of September 30, 2016 the Company has a working capital deficit of approximately
$1.6 million and an accumulated deficit of approximately $46.9 million. The aforementioned factors raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going
concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the
classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Historically, the Company has financed its operations through
equity and debt financing transactions and expects to continue incurring operating losses for the foreseeable future. The Company s
plans and expectations for the next 12 months include raising additional capital to help fund commercial operations, including
product development. The Company utilizes cash in its operations of approximately $720,000 per month. Management believes its current
holdings of cash along with the cash to be generated from expected product sales and future financings will be sufficient to meet
its projected operating requirements for the next twelve months from the date of this report. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had cash of approximately $1,182,000. In November 2015, the Company sold its first Plasma-Arc Gasification system for $775,000.
The Company already received milestone payments totaling $583,750 as a result of this sale and will receive a final payment of
$191,250 after the expected delivery of the system by us to the customer by the end of 2016. The Company believes that this sale
will enable it to generate additional equipment sales as a result of the visibility in the industrial gas industry of this new
technology being operated by a third party. 

If these sources do not provide the capital necessary to fund
the Company s operations during the next twelve months from the date of this report, the Company may need to curtail certain
aspects of its operations or expansion activities, consider the sale of its assets, or consider other means of financing. The Company
can give no assurance that it will be successful in implementing its business plan and obtaining financing on terms advantageous
to the Company or that any such additional financing would be available to the Company. 

25   

As reflected in the unaudited financial statements we currently
have an accumulated a deficit of approximately $45.8 million dollars.  Our cash flow from operations for the nine month
period ending September 30, 2016 used approximately $6.5 million of cash.  Cash was used primarily to fund ongoing operations. 

As disclosed under the heading  Accident at Company Facility, 
on April 16, 2015, there was an accident at the Company s facility which occurred during the gas filling process. Although
the Company has Workers Compensation Insurance and General Liability Insurance, the financial impact of the accident is unknown
at this time. No customers have terminated their relationship with the Company as a result of the accident. There is, however,
a risk in the future that equipment sales or gas sales may be negatively impacted as a result of the accident. 

Derivative Financial Instruments  

The fair value of an embedded conversion option that is convertible
into a variable amount of shares and warrants that include price protection reset provision features are deemed to be  down-round
protection  and, therefore, do not meet the scope exception for treatment as a derivative under ASC 815  Derivatives
and Hedging , since  down-round protection  is not an input into the calculation of the fair value of the conversion
option and warrants and cannot be considered  indexed to the Company s own stock  which is a requirement for
the scope exception as outlined under ASC 815. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company
record the embedded conversion option and warrants at their fair values as of the inception date of the agreement and at fair value
as of each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in fair value is recorded as non-operating, non-cash income or expense for
each reporting period at each balance sheet date. The Company reassesses the classification of its derivative instruments at each
balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the contract is reclassified as of the
date of the event that caused the reclassification. As a result of entering into a convertible credit facility for which such instruments
contained a variable conversion feature with no floor, the Company has adopted a sequencing policy in accordance with ASC 815-40-35-12
whereby all future instruments may be classified as a derivative liability with the exception of instruments related to share-based
compensation. 

The Black-Scholes option valuation model was used to estimate
the fair value of the warrants and conversion options. The model includes subjective input assumptions that can materially affect
the fair value estimates. The Company determined the fair value of the Binomial Lattice Model and the Black-Scholes Valuation Model
to be materially the same. The expected volatility is estimated based on the most recent historical period of time equal to the
weighted average life of the warrants. Conversion options are recorded as debt discount and are amortized as interest expense over
the life of the underlying debt instrument. 

Cash Flows from Continuing Operations  

Cash flows from continuing operations for
operating, financing and investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized in the following
table: 

For the nine months ended September 30, we used cash of approximately
$6,455,538 million in operations in 2016 and used cash of $4,112,527 in operations in 2015. Our cash use for 2016 was primarily
attributable to the completion of our new headquarters and consulting expenses related to research and development, investor relations,
public relations and new business development. Our cash use for 2015 was primarily attributable to general operations. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cash used by investing activities consisted of $1,272,237. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, cash used by investing activities consisted of $244,335 primarily due to the purchases of assets offset by
the sale of land. Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $3,590,362 as compared
to cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $1,464,308. The net decrease in cash
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $4,137,413 as compared to $2,892,554 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015.    

26   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Except for rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under
authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered standards, the FASB Accounting Standards Codification 
( ASC ) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature recognized by the FASB and applicable to the Company.  Management
has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes any effect will not have a material impact on the Company's present
or future consolidated financial statements. See note 3 to the financial statements for new pronouncements issued during the period. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our significant accounting policies are presented in this Report
in our notes to financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2016 and in our notes to financial statements for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2015, which are contained in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The significant accounting
policies that are most critical and aid in fully understanding and evaluating the reported financial results include the following: 

The Company prepares its financial statements in conformity
with GAAP. These principles require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management believes that these estimates are reasonable and have been discussed
with our Board of Directors (the  Board ); however, actual results could differ from those estimates. 

We issue restricted stock to consultants for various services.  Cost
for these transactions are measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments
issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.  The value of the common stock is measured at the earlier of (i) the date
at which a firm commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached or (ii) the date at which
the counterparty's performance is complete. 

Long-lived assets such as property, equipment and identifiable
intangibles are reviewed for impairment whenever facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.  When
required impairment losses on assets to be held and used are recognized based on the fair value of the asset.  The fair
value is determined based on estimates of future cash flows, market value of similar assets, if available, or independent appraisals,
if required.  If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset is not recoverable from its undiscounted cash flows, an
impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying amount and fair value of the asset.  When fair
values are not available, the Company estimates fair value using the expected future cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate
with the risk associated with the recovery of the assets.  We did not recognize any impairment losses for any periods
presented. 

27   

The Company generates revenue through two processes: (1) the
sale of its MagneGas2  fuel for metal cutting and (2) the sale of its Plasma Arc Flow units.  Additionally the Company
also recognizes revenue from territorial license arrangements, and through the sales of metal cutting gases and related products
through their wholly owned subsidiary, ESSI. 

Revenue for metal-working fuel is recognized when shipments are made to customers. We recognize a sale when the product has been shipped and risk of loss has passed to the customer.   

Revenue generated from sales of its production unit is recognized on a percentage of completion, based on the progress during manufacturing of the unit.  Our machine is a significant investment and generally requires a 6 to 9 month production cycle.  During the course of building a unit the actual costs are tracked to our cost estimates and revenue is proportionately recognized during the process. Significant deposits are required before production.  These deposits are classified as customer deposits.  During our production, costs and progress earnings are accumulated and included in  Costs and earnings  as an asset.   

Licenses are issued, per contractual agreement, for distribution rights within certain geographic territories.  We recognize revenue ratably, based on the amounts paid or values received, over the term of the licensing agreement.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 3.    
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 4.    
       Controls and Procedures.    

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Our management has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, management
has concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to: (i) a lack of segregation
of duties within accounting functions and (ii) expertise with respect to accounting for complex equity and debt transactions.
Management plans to initiate the remediation process during the fourth quarter of 2016 through a review of ongoing procedures
and the addition of staff and/or consultants with expertise in these transactions. 

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting  

There has been no change in our internal control over financial
reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act
that occurred during the quarter or nine months ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to
materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

28   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.    
       Legal Proceedings.    

We are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe
could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding,
inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending
or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our Company,
our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our Company s or our Company s subsidiaries  officers or directors
in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

As a result of the accident which occurred on April 16, 2015,
however, potential plaintiffs may initiate litigation related to the accident until April 16, 2017. We are currently unaware of
any forthcoming or threatened litigation in connection with the accident. 

Item 1A.    
       Risk Factors.    

There have been no changes that constitute material
changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our 2015 Annual Report filed on Form 10-K, except for the addition of the
following risk factors: 

We may need to raise additional funds to finance our operations
during the next twelve months, we may not be able to do so when necessary, and/or the terms of any financings may not be advantageous
to us.   

As of September 30, 2016 the Company had cash of
approximately 1,182,000 and has reported a net loss of approximately $10.8 million and has used cash in operations of $6.5
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. In addition, the Company has an active shelf registration statement in
place that can provide additional potential sources of capital. In November 2015, the Company sold its first Plasma-Arc
Gasification system for $775,000. We have already received milestone payments totaling $583,750 as a result of this sale and
will receive a final payment of $191,250 after the expected delivery of the system by us to the customer by the end of 2016.
The Company believes that this sale will enable it to generate additional equipment sales as a result of the visibility in
the industrial gas industry of this new technology being operated by a third party. 

Historically, the Company has financed its operations through
equity and debt financing transactions and expects to continue incurring operating losses for the foreseeable future. The Company s
plans and expectations for the next 12 months include raising additional capital to help fund commercial operations, including
product development. The Company utilizes cash in its operations of approximately $720,000 per month. Management believes its current
holdings of cash along with the cash to be generated from expected product sales and future financings will be sufficient to meet
its projected operating requirements for the next twelve months from the date of this report. If these sources do not provide the
capital necessary to fund the Company s operations during the next twelve months from the date of this report, the Company
may need to curtail certain aspects of its operations or expansion activities, consider the sale of its assets, or consider other
means of financing. The Company can give no assurance that it will be successful in implementing its business plan and obtaining
financing on terms advantageous to the Company or that any such additional financing would be available to the Company. 

29   

Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements
of the Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting of our common stock.   

On June 16, 2016, we received notification from the Listing
Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ) indicating that the Company s common stock
was subject to potential delisting from the Nasdaq because for a period of thirty (30) consecutive business days, the bid price
of the Company s common stock had closed below the minimum $1.00 per share requirement for continued inclusion under Nasdaq
Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2) (the  Bid Price Rule ). The notification had no immediate effect on the listing or trading
of the common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Nasdaq stated in its letter that in accordance with the Nasdaq
Listing Rules the Company has been provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until December 13, 2016, to regain compliance.
The letter states that Nasdaq will provide written notification that the Company has achieved compliance with the minimum bid price
listing requirement if at any time before December 13, 2016, the bid price of the Company s common stock closes at $1.00
per share or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. 

If the Company is unable to regain compliance by December 13,
2016, the Company may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period to demonstrate compliance with the bid price
requirement. The Company intends to monitor the closing bid price of its Common Stock and may, if appropriate, consider implementing
available options to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement under the Nasdaq Listing Rules.  

No assurances can be made that our common stock will remain
listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If we are not able to comply with the Nasdaq Listing Rules and Nasdaq delists our common stock
from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our common stock on another national securities exchange, we expect our
common stock could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences,
including: 

a limited availability
of market quotations for our common stock; 

reduced liquidity
for our common stock; 

a likely negative
effect on the price of our common stock; and 

a decreased
ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which
is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as
 covered securities.  As our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, they are covered securities. If our
common stock were no longer listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock would not be covered securities and we would
be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

30   

Item 2.    
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
issued a total of 325,000 shares of common stock as payment for public relations and investor relations consultants at a price
per share of $0.63. 

The above securities were issued in reliance on the exemption
under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. These securities qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) since the issuance
of such securities by us did not involve a public offering. The offering was not a  public offering  as defined in
Section 4(a)(2) due to the insubstantial number of persons involved in the transactions, manner of the issuance, and number of
securities issued. We did not undertake offerings in which we sold a high number of securities to a high number of investors. In
addition, the investors had the necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(a)(2) since they agreed to and received securities
certificates bearing a legend stating that such securities are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the Act. This restriction ensured
that these securities would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a  public offering. 
Based on an analysis of the above factors, we have met the requirements to qualify for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act for these transactions.  

Item 3.    
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities.    

None 

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures.    

Not applicable 

Item 5.    
       Other Information.    

None. 

Item 6.    
       Exhibits    

* In accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibits 32.1 and
32.2 are being furnished and not filed. 

31   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MagneGas Corporation    

By:  
      /s/   Ermanno Santilli    

Ermanno Santilli   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Dated:  
      November 14,
    2016   

By:  
      /s/   Luisa Ingargiola    

Luisa Ingargiola   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

Dated:  
      November 14,
    2016   

32   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452277_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Ermanno Santilli, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of MagneGas Corporation;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Ermanno Santilli   

Ermanno Santilli 
         (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452277_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

  OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Luisa Ingargiola, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of MagneGas Corporation;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Luisa Ingargiola   

Luisa Ingargiola 
         (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452277_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF  

  PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with this Quarterly Report of MagneGas Corporation
(the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ermanno Santilli, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies
to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

1. Such Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in such Report, fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of MagneGas Corporation. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Ermanno Santilli   

Ermanno Santilli  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452277_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF  

  PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with this Quarterly Report of MagneGas Corporation
(the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Luisa Ingargiola, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies
to the best of her knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

1. Such Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in such Report, fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of MagneGas Corporation. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Luisa Ingargiola   

Luisa Ingargiola  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mnga-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mnga-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mnga-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mnga-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mnga-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mnga-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

