<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_850261_0001564590-16-028583_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9822545</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>546375</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>521281</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2300150</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3395802</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2268100</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028583.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109153745
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028583
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000850261
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				330344842
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36150
		FILM NUMBER:		161984026

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9380 JUDICIAL DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-210-3700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9380 JUDICIAL DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUIKBYTE SOFTWARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028583.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 srne-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

srne-10q_20160930.htm

\  
   
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 OR  

For the transition period from                        to                        
 Commission file number  001-36150   
   
 SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

Delaware  

33-0344842  

(State or Other Jurisdiction of  
 Incorporation or Organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification Number)  

9380 Judicial Drive  
 San Diego, California 92121  
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
 (858) 210-3700  
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No       .  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated file or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        .  
 The number of shares of the issuer s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding as of November 7, 2016 was 57,939,967.  

Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.   
 Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016  
 Table of Contents 

Part I  

Financial Information    

1  

Item 1.  

Consolidated Financial Statements    

1  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    

1  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

4  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

5  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

31  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

40  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures    

40  

Part II  

Other Information    

41  

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings    

41  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors    

42  

Item 6.  

Exhibits    

42  

Signatures    

43  

P  ART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

I  tem 1.   
 
   Consolidated Financial Statements.     

 SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited)  
 (In thousands, except for share amounts)  

See accompanying unaudited notes  
   
 1 

SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS, INC.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts)  

See accompanying unaudited notes  
 2 

SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS, INC.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 

See accompanying unaudited notes 
 3 

SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS, INC.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands)  

See accompanying unaudited notes 

4 

SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS, INC.   
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

1 .  Nature of Operations and Business Activities  
 Na t ure of Operations and Basis of Presentation  
 Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: SRNE), together with its subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company ) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, acquisition, development and commercialization of proprietary drug therapeutics for addressing significant unmet medical needs worldwide. The Company s primary therapeutic focus is oncology, including the treatment of chronic cancer pain, but is also developing therapeutic products for other indications, including immunology and infectious diseases. The Company currently has multiple clinical development programs underway: (i) Chimeric Antigen Receptor-T Cell ( CAR-T ) programs for solid tumors, (ii) resiniferatoxin ( RTX ), a non-opiate, ultra-potent and selective agonist of the TRPV-1 receptor for intractable pain in end-stage disease, and (iii) its clinical development programs for its biosimilar/biobetter antibodies.  
 The Company s pipeline also includes preclinical fully human therapeutic monoclonal antibodies ( mAbs ), including its biosimilars/biobetters, its fully human anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors derived from its proprietary G-MAB    library platform, antibody drug conjugates ( ADCs ), bispecific antibodies ( BsAbs ), as well as CAR-T and Chimeric Antigen Receptor Natural Killer cells ( CAR.NK  ) for adoptive cellular immunotherapy. The Company s objective is to develop its antibody drug products and adoptive cellular immunotherapies as First in Class, and/or Best in Class, which may offer greater efficacy and/or fewer adverse events or side effects as compared to existing drugs, as well as fully human therapeutic antibodies derived from its proprietary G-MAB    antibody platform and ADCs.   
 The accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company, without audit, in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and, therefore, do not necessarily include all information and footnotes necessary for a fair statement of its financial position, results of operations and cash flows in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries and those of a variable interest entity where the Company is the primary beneficiary. For consolidated entities where the Company owns or is exposed to less than 100% of the economics, the Company records net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests in its condensed consolidated statements of operations equal to the percentage of the economic or ownership interest retained in such entities by the respective noncontrolling parties.  Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. Hong Kong Limited had no operating activity through September 2016.  All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
 In determining whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of an entity, the Company applies a qualitative approach that determines whether it has both (i) the power to direct the economically significant activities of the entity and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the entity that could potentially be significant to that entity. These considerations impact the way the Company accounts for its existing collaborative relationships and other arrangements. The Company continuously assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity as changes to existing relationships or future transactions may result in the Company consolidating or deconsolidating one or more of its collaborators or partners. 
 The balance sheet at December 31, 2015 is derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date which are not presented herein.  
 In the opinion of management, the unaudited financial information for the interim periods presented reflects all adjustments, which are only normal, recurring and necessary for a fair statement of financial position, results of operations and cash flows. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. Operating results for interim periods are not expected to be indicative of operating results for the Company s 2016 fiscal year, or any subsequent period.     
 Liquidity  
 The Company anticipates that it will continue to incur net losses in the foreseeable future as it (i) advances clinical stage product candidates such as biosimilar/biobetter antibodies, CAR-T programs and RTX in the clinic and potentially pursues other development, (ii) continues to identify a number of potential mAb and ADC drug candidates and further advances various preclinical and development activities, (iii) advances its product candidates into the clinic, (iv) invests in additional joint ventures or third party collaborations or acquisition agreements, and (v) expands corporate infrastructure, including the costs associated with being a NASDAQ-listed public company. Based on currently available resources, the Company believes it has the ability to meet all obligations due over the course of the next twelve months. 
 5 

The Company plans to continue to fund its operating losses and capital funding needs through public or private equity or debt financings, strategic collaborations, licensing arrangements, asset sales, government grants or other arrangements.  
 Servier Agreement 
 On July 11, 2016, the Company announced a license and collaboration agreement with Les Laboratoires Servier, SAS, a corporation incorporated under the laws of France, and Institut de Recherches Internationales Servier, a company duly organized and existing under the laws of France (individually and collectively,  Servier ) for the development, manufacture and commercialization of products using the Company s fully human immuno-oncology anti-PD-1 mAb STI-A1110 and will provide support for Sevier s initial development efforts. Pursuant to the financial terms of the agreement, the Company received a non-refundable up-front payment of $27.4 million in July of 2016, which has been recorded as deferred revenue in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet.  The Company will recognize the upfront payment over the expected period of performance of three years.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $1.5 million in license fee revenue pursuant to the agreement. 
 Sale of NantKwest and Share Repurchase 
 In July 2016, the Company completed the transactions contemplated by a letter agreement (the  Letter Agreement ) with the Chan Soon-Shiong Family Foundation ( Foundation ) and Cambridge Equities, LP ( Cambridge ). Pursuant to the terms of the Letter Agreement, among other things, (i) the Company agreed to sell to Foundation, and Foundation agreed to purchase from the Company, an aggregate of 5,618,326 shares of common stock of NantKwest, Inc. ( NantKwest ) held by the Company, (ii) Foundation agreed to sell to the Company, and the Company agreed to purchase all reported shares held by Foundation and Cambridge, constituting an aggregate of 7,878,098 shares of common stock of the Company ( Common Stock ), (iii) Cambridge agreed to forfeit its right to purchase 500,000 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to a warrant to purchase 1,724,138 shares of Common Stock issued by the Company, and (iv) the Company agreed to pay to Foundation an aggregate of approximately $15.6 million. Effective upon closing, the Company repurchased the 7,878,098 shares.  The Company recognized a gain of $27.2 million on the sale of the NantKwest stock in its condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of the transaction. 
 Proposed Scilex Transaction 
 On August 2, 2016, the Company, the Company s subsidiary, Scintilla Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Scintilla ), and Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc. ( Scilex ) entered into a binding term sheet (the  Scilex Binding Term Sheet ) setting forth the terms and conditions by which Scintilla would, through a subsidiary, purchase all of the issued and outstanding equity of Scilex (the  Proposed Scilex Acquisition ). Subject to certain conditions, and in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding equity of Scilex, the Scilex Binding Term Sheet provided that Scintilla would: (i) at the closing of the Proposed Scilex Acquisition (the  Proposed Scilex Closing ), pay to the equityholders of Scilex an aggregate of $100 (the  Cash Consideration ), and (ii) following the earlier to occur of (a) the closing of the next third party equity financing of Scintilla or the initial public offering of shares of common stock of Scintilla ( Scintilla Common Stock ) in the United States (a  Financing ), or (b) the two-year anniversary of the Proposed Scilex Closing, issue to the equityholders of Scilex an aggregate of $70.0 million of shares of Scintilla Common Stock, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances, based upon the valuation of Scintilla immediately after such Financing or otherwise as of the two-year anniversary of the Proposed Scilex Closing (the  Scilex Stock Consideration ). 
 In exchange for Scilex s agreement under the Scilex Binding Term Sheet to negotiate exclusively with the Company and Scintilla with respect to the Proposed Scilex Acquisition, Scintilla paid $0.5 million to Scilex upon execution of the Scilex Binding Term Sheet (the  Standstill Payment ). The Scilex Binding Term Sheet provided that if the Proposed Scilex Closing occurs, the Standstill Payment would be credited against the value of the Scilex Stock Consideration payable by Scintilla to the Scilex equityholders. If the Proposed Scilex Closing does not occur by a specified deadline, unless otherwise agreed to by the Company and Scilex, the Standstill Payment would be deemed to be an investment by the Company in Scilex s next third party financing. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Scilex Binding Term Sheet, the Company agreed that, upon the Proposed Scilex Closing, it would contribute $10.0 million to Scintilla to fund, among other things, Scintilla s working capital expenses, the development of Scintilla s lead program RTX for the treatment of intractable cancer pain, as well as the development of ZTlido  (lidocaine), Scilex s lead product candidate, and the development of certain of Scintilla s other technologies and product candidates.  
 The Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Company s Board of Directors (the  Board ), through one or more of his affiliated entities, and the Company s Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer, are stockholders of Scilex and owned approximately 6.5% and 8.6%, respectively, of Scilex s total outstanding capital stock as of September 30, 2016.   
 6 

As of September 30, 2016, the Proposed Scilex Acquisition had not closed. The Scilex Binding Term Sheet was terminated by the parties, effective as of November 8, 2016. Accordingly, Scintill  a will not complete the Proposed Scilex Acquisition.  
 Completed Scilex Transaction 
 On November 8, 2016, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the  Scilex Purchase Agreement ) with Scilex and a majority of the stockholders of Scilex (the  Scilex Stockholders ) pursuant to which, on November 8, 2016, the Company acquired from the Scilex Stockholders, and the Scilex Stockholders sold to the Company, approximately 72% of the outstanding capital stock of Scilex (the  Scilex Acquisition ).  
 The total value of the consideration payable to the Scilex Stockholders in the Scilex Acquisition is equal to approximately $47.6 million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments (the  Adjusted Base Consideration ). 
 At the closing of the Scilex Acquisition (the  Scilex Closing ), the Company issued to the Scilex Stockholders that were accredited investors (the  Accredited Scilex Stockholders ) an aggregate of 752,481 shares of Common Stock (the  Closing Shares ) based on a $6.33 per share price; provided, however, that twenty percent of the Closing Shares will be held in escrow for a period of six months, and be used, among other things, to satisfy the indemnification obligations of the Scilex Stockholders. In addition to issuing shares of Common Stock at the Scilex Closing, the Company paid cash in the aggregate amount of approximately $4,840 to Scilex Stockholders that were not accredited investors in exchange for such Scilex Stockholders  shares of the capital stock of Scilex. 
 Subject to certain customary limitations, the Scilex Stockholders have agreed to indemnify the Company and its officers, directors, employees and other authorized agents against certain losses related to, among other things, breaches of Scilex s and the Scilex Stockholders  representations and warranties, certain specified liabilities and the failure to perform covenants or obligations under the Scilex Purchase Agreement.  
 Under the terms of the Scilex Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to provide additional consideration to the Accredited Scilex Stockholders upon the achievement of certain milestones, as follows: (i) 10% of the Adjusted Base Consideration will be payable in shares of Common Stock upon receipt of notice from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the  FDA ) that the FDA has accepted Scilex s resubmitted new drug application for ZTlido for the treatment of postherpetic neuralgia (the  NDA ), and (ii) 80% of the Adjusted Base Consideration will be payable in shares of Common Stock upon receipt of notice from the FDA that the FDA has approved the NDA for commercialization. The Common Stock price per share to be used to calculate the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the achievement of these milestones will be based on a formula set forth in the Scilex Purchase Agreement, which provides that the Common Stock price per share will not be greater than $25.32 or less than $6.33 (in each case subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like). 
 The Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board, through one or more of his affiliated entities, and the Company s Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer, were formerly stockholders of Scilex, held approximately 6.5% and 8.6%, respectively, of Scilex s total outstanding capital stock and sold all of their shares of the capital stock of Scilex to the Company in the Scilex Acquisition on the same terms as the other Scilex Stockholders. 
 In connection with the Scilex Acquisition, on November 8, 2016, the Company and the Accredited Scilex Stockholders entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) pursuant to which, among other things, the Company agreed to prepare and file one or more registration statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) for the purpose of registering for resale the Closing Shares and any additional shares of Common Stock that may be issued by the Company upon the achievement of milestones in accordance with the Scilex Purchase Agreement (collectively, the  Securities ). Under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company must file a registration statement with the SEC registering all of the Closing Shares for resale by no later than December 8, 2016, and the Company will also be required to file one or more additional registration statements registering any other Securities for resale within 30 days of the issuance thereof. 
 Scintilla and Scilex agreed to terminate the Scilex Binding Term Sheet on November 8, 2016. As a result of the termination of the Scilex Binding Term Sheet, notwithstanding the provisions set forth in the Scilex Binding Term Sheet, Scintilla and Scilex agreed that the $0.5 million standstill payment that Scintilla made to Scilex pursuant to the Scilex Binding Term Sheet shall be deemed a loan made by Scintilla to Scilex, evidenced by a promissory note, dated November 8, 2016, by and between Scintilla and Scilex (the  November Scilex Note ). The November Scilex Note accrues interest at an annual rate equal to the lesser of 10.0% and the maximum interest rate permitted under law, will be due and payable in full upon the earlier of December 31, 2016 and the occurrence of an event of default, and may be prepaid in full or in part. The November Scilex Note was assigned in full by Scintilla to the Company on November 8, 2016.  On November 8, 2016, following the Scilex Closing, the November Scilex Note was repaid by Scilex in full. 
 7 

Proposed Semnur Transaction  
 On August 15, 2016, the Company, Scintilla and Semnur Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Semnur ) entered into a binding term sheet (the  Semnur Binding Term Sheet ) setting forth the terms and conditions by which Scintilla will, through a subsidiary, purchase all of the issued and outstanding equity of Semnur (the  Semnur Acquisition ). Contingent upon the execution of a definitive agreement between the parties (the  Definitive Agreement ) and subject to certain conditions, Scintilla will, at the closing of the Semnur Acquisition (the  Semnur Closing ), make an initial payment of $60.0 million (the  Initial Consideration ) to the equityholders of Semnur in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding equity of Semnur. Under the Semnur Binding Term Sheet, the Initial Consideration will consist of $40.0 million in cash and $20.0 million in shares of Common Stock (the  Semnur Stock Consideration ). The number of shares of Common Stock comprising the Semnur Stock Consideration will be calculated based on the volume weighted average closing price of the Common Stock for the 30 consecutive trading days ending on the date that is three days prior to the execution of the Definitive Agreement. The Semnur Binding Term Sheet also provides that $6.0 million of the Semnur Stock Consideration will be placed into escrow, a portion of which will be held for a period of up to six or 12 months to secure certain obligations of Semnur and its equityholders in connection with the Semnur Acquisition. At the Semnur Closing, the Company will enter into a registration rights agreement with certain of Semnur s equityholders, pursuant to which the Company will agree to seek the registration for resale of the shares of its common stock comprising the Semnur Stock Consideration.   
 In addition to the Initial Consideration, Scintilla may pay additional consideration of up to $140.0 million to Semnur s equityholders upon Scintilla s completion of certain clinical studies and trials, receipt of certain regulatory approvals and the achievement of certain sales targets following the Semnur Closing.  
 Under the Semnur Binding Term Sheet, Semnur has agreed to negotiate exclusively with the Company and Scintilla with respect to the Semnur Acquisition for a period of 60 days (the  Exclusivity Period ). The Exclusivity Period will be automatically extended for an additional 30 days in certain circumstances. If a Definitive Agreement has not been executed by the end of the Exclusivity Period, either party may terminate the Semnur Binding Term Sheet (a  Termination ). If a party elects a Termination without the other party s written consent, the party electing a Termination may be required to pay an aggregate of $5.0 million in cash to the other party as liquidated damages under certain circumstances.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Semnur Acquisition had not closed.  The final terms of the Semnur Acquisition are subject to the negotiation and finalization of the Definitive Agreement and any other agreements relating to the Semnur Acquisition, and the material terms of the Semnur Acquisition are expected to differ from those set forth in the Semnur Binding Term Sheet. In addition, the Semnur Closing will be subject to various customary and other closing conditions.  
 A member of the Board is Semnur s Chief Executive Officer and a member of its Board of Directors and currently owns approximately 5.5% of Semnur s total outstanding capital stock.  
 Shelf Registration 
 In November 2014, the Company filed a universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC, which was declared effective by the SEC in December 2014 (the  2014 Shelf Registration Statement ). The 2014 Shelf Registration Statement provides the Company with the ability to offer up to $250.0 million of securities, including equity and other securities as described in the registration statement. Included in the 2014 Shelf Registration Statement is  a sales agreement prospectus covering the offering, issuance and sale by the Company of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $50.0 million of the Company s common stock that may be issued and sold under a sales agreement (the  ATM Facility ) with MLV   Co. LLC ( MLV ).   During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company sold approximately $3.6 million in shares of Common Stock under the ATM Facility.  Commencing with the second quarter 2016, the Company has the ability to offer up to $46.4 million of additional shares of Common Stock under the ATM Facility.  The Company cannot be sure that additional funds will be available to the Company through the ATM Facility or any other financing alternative on reasonable terms, or at all. If the Company is unable to secure adequate additional funding, the Company may be forced to make reductions in spending, extend payment terms with suppliers, liquidate assets where possible, and/or suspend or curtail planned programs. Any of these actions could materially harm the Company s business, results of operations, and future prospects. 
 If the Company raises additional funds by issuing equity securities, substantial dilution to existing stockholders would result. If the Company raises additional funds by incurring debt financing, the terms of the debt may involve significant cash payment obligations as well as operating and financial covenants that may restrict the Company s ability to operate its business.  

8 

2. Significant Accounting Policies   
 Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period.  On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to the valuation of warrants, stock-based compensation and the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other market-specific and relevant assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management believes that these estimates are reasonable; however, actual results may differ from these estimates.  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company minimizes its credit risk associated with cash and cash equivalents by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses on such accounts.  
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
 The Company follows accounting guidance on fair value measurements for financial instruments measured on a recurring basis, as well as for certain assets and liabilities that are initially recorded at their estimated fair values. Fair value is defined as the exit price, or the amount that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company uses the following three-level hierarchy that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs to value its financial instruments: 

Level 1: Observable inputs such as unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments.  

Level 2: Quoted prices for similar instruments that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.  

Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity and that are financial instruments whose values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation.  

Financial instruments measured at fair value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires it to make judgments and consider factors specific to the asset or liability. The use of different assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on estimated fair values. Accordingly, the fair value estimates disclosed or initial amounts recorded may not be indicative of the amount that the Company or holders of the instruments could realize in a current market exchange. 
 The carrying amounts of cash equivalents and marketable securities approximate their fair value based upon quoted market prices. Certain of the Company s financial instruments are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, but are recorded at amounts that approximate their fair value due to their liquid or short-term nature, such as cash, accounts receivable and payable, and other financial instruments in current assets or current liabilities. 
 Marketable Securities 
 Marketable securities are designated as available-for-sale securities and are accounted for at fair value. Marketable securities are classified as short-term or long-term based on the nature of the securities and their availability to meet current operating requirements. Marketable securities that are readily available for use in current operations are classified as short-term available-for-sale securities and are reported as a component of current assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Marketable securities that are not considered available for use in current operations are classified as long-term available-for-sale securities and are reported as a component of long-term assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Securities that are classified as available-for-sale are carried at fair value, with temporary unrealized gains and losses reported as a component of stockholders' equity until their disposition. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. 
 The Company holds an investment in MedoveX Corporation ( MedoveX ), which it has classified as a trading security.  Trading securities are stated at market value at the balance sheet date with gains and losses reported in net income.  See Note 4. 
 9 

All of the Company s marketable securities are subject to a periodic impairment review. The Company recognizes an impairment charge when a decline i  n the fair value of its investments below the cost basis is judged to be other-than-temporary.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, no other-than-temporary impairment charges were recorded.  
 Grants and Accounts Receivable  
 Grants receivable at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 represent amounts due under several federal contracts with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ( NIAID ), a division of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ). The Company considers the grants receivable to be fully collectible; accordingly, no allowance for doubtful amounts has been established. If amounts become uncollectible, they are charged to operations.  
 Accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consists of trade receivables from sales and services provided to certain customers, which are generally unsecured and due within 30 days. Estimated credit losses related to trade accounts receivable are recorded as general and administrative expenses and as an allowance for doubtful accounts within grants and accounts receivable, net. The Company reviews reserves and makes adjustments based on historical experience and known collectability issues and disputes. When internal collection efforts on accounts have been exhausted, the accounts are written off by reducing the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the allowance for doubtful accounts was $26,000 and $4,000, respectively.  
 Property and Equipment  
 Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which are generally three to five years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the life of the lease or the life of the asset. Repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred.  
 Acquisitions and Intangibles  
 The Company has engaged in business combination activity. The accounting for business combinations requires management to make judgments and estimates of the fair value of assets acquired, including the identification and valuation of intangible assets, as well as liabilities assumed. Such judgments and estimates directly impact the amount of goodwill recognized in connection with each acquisition, as goodwill presents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business over the fair value of its net tangible and identifiable intangible assets.  
 Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets 
 Goodwill, which has an indefinite useful life, represents the excess of cost over fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events occur indicating the potential for impairment. During its goodwill impairment review, the Company may assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. The qualitative factors include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, and the overall financial performance of the Company. If, after assessing the totality of these qualitative factors, the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the Company proceeds to perform the two-step test for goodwill impairment. Otherwise, no additional assessment is deemed necessary.  The first step of the test for goodwill impairment involves comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the Company performs the second step of the goodwill impairment test to determine the amount of loss, which involves comparing the implied fair value of the goodwill to the carrying value of the goodwill. The Company may also elect to bypass the qualitative assessment in a period and elect to proceed to perform the first step of the goodwill impairment test. The Company performed its annual assessment for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter of 2015, noting no impairment.  There have not been any triggering events through September 30, 2016. 
 The Company evaluates its long-lived assets with definite lives, such as property and equipment, acquired technology, customer relationships, and patent and license rights, for impairment by considering competition by products prescribed for the same indication, the likelihood and estimated future entry of non-generic and generic competition with the same or similar indication and other related factors. The factors that drive the estimate of the life are often uncertain and are reviewed on a periodic basis or when events occur that warrant review. Recoverability is measured by comparison of the assets  book value to future net undiscounted cash flows that the assets are expected to generate. There have not been any impairment losses of long-lived assets through September 30, 2016. 
 10 

Derivative Liabilities  
 Derivative liabilities are recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets at fair value on the date of issuance and are revalued on each balance sheet date until such instruments are exercised or expire, with changes in the fair value between reporting periods recorded as other income or expense.  The Company estimates the fair value of derivative liabilities using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 Investments in Other Entities 
 The Company holds a portfolio of investments in equity securities that are accounted for under either the equity method or cost method. Investments in entities over which the Company has significant influence but not a controlling interest are accounted for using the equity method, with the Company s share of earnings or losses reported in other income (expense), net.  
 The Company s cost method investments are included in investments in common stock on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  The Company s equity method investments are included in equity method investments on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 All investments are reviewed on a regular basis for possible impairment. If an investment's fair value is determined to be less than its net carrying value and the decline is determined to be other-than-temporary, the investment is written down to its fair value. Such an evaluation is judgmental and dependent on specific facts and circumstances. Factors considered in determining whether an other-than-temporary decline in value has occurred include: market value or exit price of the investment based on either market-quoted prices or future rounds of financing by the investee; length of time that the market value was below its cost basis; financial condition and business prospects of the investee; the Company s intent and ability to retain the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for recovery in market value of the investment; issues that raise concerns about the investee's ability to continue as a going concern; and any other information that the Company may be aware of related to the investment.    The Company does not report the fair value of its equity investments in non-publicly traded companies because it is not practical to do so.  
 Research and Development Costs and Collaborations 
 All research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred. Such costs primarily consist of lab supplies, contract services, stock-based compensation expense, salaries and related benefits.  
 Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expense  
 The Company has acquired and may continue to acquire the rights to develop and commercialize new drug candidates. The up-front payments to acquire a new drug compound, as well as future milestone license payments, are immediately expensed as acquired in-process research and development provided that the drug has not achieved regulatory approval for marketing and, absent obtaining such approval, has no alternative future use.  
 Income Taxes  
 The provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 740-10, Uncertainty in Income Taxes, address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under ASC Topic 740-10, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The Company has determined that it has uncertain tax positions.  
 The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method to compute the differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and the related financial amounts, using currently enacted tax rates.  
 The Company has deferred tax assets, which are subject to periodic recoverability assessments. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that more likely than not will be realized. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company maintained a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets, with the exception of an amount equal to its deferred tax liabilities, which can be expected to reverse over a definite life. 
 Revenue Recognition  
   The Company s revenues are generated primarily from various NIH grant awards, and from the sale of customized reagents and the provision of contract development services. The revenue from the NIH grant awards is based upon subcontractor and internal costs  
 11 

incurred that are specifically covered by the grant, and where applicable, a facilities and administrative rate that provides funding for overhead expenses. These revenues are recognized when expenses have been incurred by subcontractors or when   the Company incurs internal expenses that are related to the grant.   
 Revenues from sales are generated from the sale of customized reagents which include industrial standard cytotoxins, linkers, and linker-toxins used for preparing ADCs.  Contract development services include providing synthetic expertise to customer s synthesis by delivering proprietary cytotoxins, linkers and linker-toxins and ADC service using industry standard toxin and antibodies provided by customers. Revenue is recognized when, (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered, (iii) the price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.  
 License fees for the licensing of product rights are recorded as deferred revenue upon receipt of cash and recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the period of performance.  Royalty revenues will be recognized as earned per the terms of underlying royalty bearing contracts. 
 The Company is obligated to accept from customers the return of products sold that are damaged or do not meet certain specifications. The Company may authorize the return of products sold in accordance with the terms of its sales contracts, and estimates allowances for such amounts at the time of sale. The Company has not experienced any sales returns.  
 Stock-based Compensation  
 The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, which establishes accounting for equity instruments exchanged for employee services. Under such provisions, stock-based compensation cost is generally measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair value of the award and an estimate of forfeitures, and is recognized as an expense, under the straight-line method, over the employee s requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the equity grant).  
 The Company accounts for equity instruments, including restricted stock or stock options, issued to non-employees in accordance with authoritative guidance for equity based payments to non-employees. Stock options issued to non-employees are accounted for at their estimated fair value determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of options and restricted stock granted to non-employees is re-measured over the vesting period, and the resulting changes in fair value are recognized as expense in the period of the change in proportion to the services rendered to date.  
 Net Earnings (Loss) per Share  
 Basic net earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net earnings (loss) per share reflects the additional dilution from potential issuances of common stock, such as stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options or the exercise of outstanding warrants. The treasury stock method and if-converted method are used to calculate the potential dilutive effect of these common stock equivalents. Potentially dilutive shares are excluded from the computation of diluted net earnings (loss) per share when their effect is anti-dilutive. In periods where a net loss is presented, all potentially dilutive securities are anti-dilutive and are excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share. 
 Comprehensive Income (Loss )  
 Comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of net income (loss) and adjustments for the change in unrealized gains and losses on the Company s investments in available-for-sale marketable securities, net of taxes. The Company displays comprehensive income (loss) and its components in its condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 Segment Information 
 The Company is engaged primarily in the discovery and development of innovative therapies focused on oncology and the treatment of chronic cancer pain as well as immunology and infectious diseases based on its platform technologies. Accordingly, the Company has determined that it operates in one operating segment. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
   In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . This update provides financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a  
 12 

reporting entity at each reporting date. T  o achieve this objective, the amendments in this update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable inf  ormation to inform credit loss estimates. The new standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have o  n its   consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Subtopic 842).  ASU No. 2016-02 will require companies to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. For public companies, this standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial position, results of operation, and cash flows. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The objective of this ASU is to simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it may have on its consolidated financial statements. 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, " Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)" (ASU 2014-9), a converged standard on revenue recognition . The new pronouncement requires revenue recognition to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also specifies the accounting for some costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer, as well as enhanced disclosure requirements. ASU 2014-9 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. ASU 2014-9 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard may have on it consolidated financial statements. 

3. Fair Value Measurements 
   
 The Company measures the fair value of financial assets and liabilities based on authoritative guidance that defines fair value, establishes a framework consisting of three levels for measuring fair value, and requires disclosures about fair value measurements.  Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
 The Company s marketable securities were classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they were valued using quoted market prices in active markets.  The Company s marketable securities related to warrants are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because the value was calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing method.  The Company s derivative liability was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because the value was calculated using significant judgment based on the Company s own assumptions in the valuation of this liability.   
 13 

The following table presents the Company s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  (in thousands):  

The following table includes a summary of the derivative liability measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  

4 . Marketable Securities  
 Marketable securities consisted of the following as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

On August 5, 2016, the Company entered a Unit Purchase Agreement (the  Unit Purchase Agreement ) with MedoveX . Pursuant to the terms of the Unit Purchase Agreement, the Company purchased three Units for $750,000.  Each Unit had a purchase price of $250,000 and consisted of (i) 208,333 shares of MedoveX common stock (the  MedoveX Common Stock ), and (ii) a warrant to purchase 104,167 shares of MedoveX Common Stock (the  MedoveX Warrant ).  The MedoveX Warrant has an initial exercise price of $1.52 per share, subject to adjustment, and is initially exercisable six months following the date of issuance for a period of five years from the date of issuance.  In addition, the Company entered a Registration Rights Agreement with MedoveX pursuant to which MedoveX was required to file a registration statement registering for resale all shares of MedoveX Common Stock and shares of MedoveX Common Stock issuable pursuant to the MedoveX Warrant issued as part of the Units.  
   The Company recorded a gain on trading securities of $491,000, representing the difference between the $750,000 cost basis and the estimated fair value as of September 30, 2016, in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations.  The Company s investment in MedoveX will be revalued on each balance sheet date.  The fair value of the Company s holding in MedoveX Common Stock at September 30, 2016 is a Level 1 measurement.  The fair value of the Company s holdings in the MedoveX Warrant was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing method. The risk-free rate was derived from the U.S.  
 14 

Treasury yield curve, matching the MedoveX Warrant s term, in effect at the measurement date. The volatility factor was determined based on MedoveX s historical sto  ck prices. The warrant valuation is a Level 3 measurement.  
 As more fully described in Note 1, in July 2016, the Company closed on the transactions contemplated by the Letter Agreement with the Chan Soon-Shiong Family Foundation and Cambridge Equities, LP.  Pursuant to the terms of the Letter Agreement, among other things, the Company sold its shares of NantKwest common stock. Effective with the close of the transaction, the Company recognized a gain of $27.2 million on the sale of NantKwest stock in its condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

5. Notes Receivable 
   
 In June 2016, the Company closed its previously announced securities purchase agreements with certain investors. In addition to the cash received, the Company received consideration in the form of secured promissory notes for 9,640,060 shares totaling $53.5 million (the  Secured Notes ).  The Secured Notes accrue interest at 5% per annum, and all principal and interest is due and payable in December, 2016.  The Secured Notes are collateralized by the assets of the investors.  On July 14, 2016, one of the holders of the Secured Notes repaid $10.0 million of outstanding principal under its Secured Note. The Company expects to receive the remaining $43.5 million by December 31, 2016. The $43.5 million in notes outstanding is reflected as a stock subscription receivable in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016. 
   
 On August 2, 2016, Scintilla made a $0.5 million payment to Scilex in conjunction with the execution of the Scilex Binding Term Sheet. Scintilla and Scilex agreed to terminate the Scilex Binding Term Sheet on November 8, 2016. As a result of the termination of the Scilex Binding Term Sheet, notwithstanding the provisions set forth in the Scilex Binding Term Sheet, Scintilla and Scilex agreed that the $0.5 million standstill payment that Scintilla made to Scilex pursuant to the Scilex Binding Term Sheet shall be deemed a loan made by Scintilla to Scilex evidenced by the November Scilex Note. The November Scilex Note accrues interest at an annual rate equal to the lesser of 10.0% and the maximum interest rate permitted under law, will be due and payable in full upon the earlier of December 31, 2016 and the occurrence of an event of default, and may be prepaid in full or in part. The November Scilex Note was assigned in full by Scintilla to the Company on November 8, 2016.  On September 19, 2016, the Company loaned $100,000 to Scilex, which is evidenced by a promissory note (the  September Scilex Note ). The September Scilex Note accrues interest at an annual rate equal to the lesser of 10.0% and the maximum interest rate permitted under law, will be due and payable in full upon the earlier of December 31, 2016 and the occurrence of an event of default, and may be prepaid in full or in part.  On November 8, 2016, following the Scilex Closing, the November Scilex Note and the September Scilex Note were repaid by Scilex in full. 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2016 on November 1, 2016, the Company loaned $5.0 million to Celularity, Inc., a research and development company ( Celularity ), pursuant to a promissory note issued by Celularity to the Company (the  Celularity Note ) in connection with the entry into a nonbinding term sheet by the Company, TNK Therapeutics, Inc. and Celularity described in more detail in Note 18 below.  Pursuant to the terms of the Celularity Note, the loan will be due and payable in full on the earlier of November 1, 2017 and the occurrence of an event of default under the Celularity Note (the  Maturity Date ). The Celularity Note also provides that, in certain circumstances, the Company shall loan Celularity up to an additional $5.0 million over the next 12 months. In the event that Celularity meets certain minimum financing conditions prior to the Maturity Date, all outstanding amounts under the Celularity Note shall be forgiven.  

6. Investments 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the aggregate carrying amount of the Company s cost-method investments in non-publicly traded companies was  $112.0 million  and included an ownership interest in NantCell, Inc., NantBioScience, Inc., Brink Biologics, Inc., Coneksis, Inc., and Globavir Biosciences, Inc. The Company s cost-method investments are assessed for impairment quarterly. The Company has determined that it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of its cost-method investments on a regular basis and does not reassess the fair value of cost-method investments if there are no identified events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investments.  No impairment losses were recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

CARgenix 
   I n August 2015,  the Company and TNK Therapeutics, Inc., its subsidiary ( TNK ) entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the  Membership Interest Purchase Agreement ) with CARgenix Holdings LLC ( CARgenix ) and the members of CARgenix (the  Members ) pursuant to which the Members sold all of their membership interests in CARgenix to TNK for: (1) a cash payment of $100.00, and (2) $6.0 million in shares of TNK Class A common stock ( TNK Class A Stock ), subject to adjustment in certain circumstances, to be issued to the Members upon a financing resulting in gross proceeds (individually or in the aggregate) to   
 15 

TNK of at least $50.0 million (a  Qualified Financing ). In accordance with an amendment to the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement entered into   in March 2016, in the event a Qualified Financing does not occur by September 15, 2016 or TNK does not complete an initial public offering of shares of its capital stock by October 15, 2016, in lieu of receiving shares of TNK pursuant to the acquisition, t  he Members would receive an aggregate of 309,917 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. TNK did not complete a Qualified Financing by the amended financing deadline and the Company issued 309,917 shares of Common Stock to t  he Members on October 7, 2016.  The aggregate purchase price of $6.0 million was recognized as acquired in-process research and development expense in the condensed consolidated statement of operations during the three months ended September 30, 2015.      
 BDL 
 In August 2015, the Company and TNK entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the  Stock Purchase Agreement ) with BDL Products, Inc. ( BDL ) and the stockholders of BDL ( Stockholders ) pursuant to which the Stockholders sold all of their shares of capital stock in BDL to TNK for: (1) a cash payment of $100.00, and (2) $6.0 million in shares of TNK Class A Stock, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances, to be issued to the Stockholders upon a Qualified Financing.  In accordance with an amendment to the Stock Purchase Agreement entered into in September 2016, in the event a Qualified Financing does not occur by March 15, 2017 or TNK does not complete an initial public offering of shares of its capital stock by March 15, 2017, in lieu of receiving shares of TNK pursuant to the acquisition, the Stockholders shall receive an aggregate of 309,917 shares of Common Stock by no later than March 30, 2017, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. The aggregate purchase price of $6.0 million was recognized as acquired in-process research and development expense in the condensed consolidated statement of operations during the three months ended September 30, 2015.  The corresponding acquisition liability will remain until settlement.   

7 . Equity Method Investments  
 NANTibody 
 In April 2015, the Company and  NantCell, Inc. ( NantCell ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of NantWorks, Inc. ( NantWorks ) a private company owned by Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, established a new joint venture called Immunotherapy NANTibody, LLC, ( NANTibody ), as a stand-alone biotechnology company with $100.0 million initial joint funding.  NantCell owns 60% of the equity interest of NANTibody and agreed to contribute $60.0 million to NANTibody.  The Company owns 40% of NANTibody and in July 2015, the Company had NantPharma, LLC ( NantPharma ) contribute its portion of the initial joint funding of $40.0 million to NANTibody from the proceeds of the sale of IgDraSol, Inc. ( IgDraSol ), a former subsidiary of the Company.  NANTibody will focus on accelerating the development of multiple immuno-oncology mAbs for the treatment of cancer, including but not limited to anti-PD-1, anti-PD-L1, anti-CTLA4 mAbs, and other immune-check point antibodies as well as ADCs and bispecific antibodies.  
 The Company is accounting for its interest in NANTibody as an equity method investment, due to the significant influence the Company has over the operations of NANTibody through its board representation and 40% voting interest.  The Company s investment in NANTibody is reported in equity method investments on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and its share of NANTibody s income or loss is recorded in income (loss) on equity investments on the condensed consolidated statement of operations.  The financial statements of NANTibody are not received sufficiently timely for the Company to record its portion of earnings or loss in the current financial statements and therefore the Company reports its portion of earnings or loss on a quarter lag.  As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the Company s investment in NANTibody was approximately $40.0 million. 
 NANTibody recorded a total net income of $305,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and net income of $1,111,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2016.  The Company recorded a total net income of $122,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and a loss of $59,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from NANTibody in income (loss) on equity investments on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. As of June 30, 2016, NANTibody had $100.9 million in current assets and $862,000 in current liabilities. 
 NantStem 
   In July 2015, the Company and NantBioScience, Inc. ( NantBioScience ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of NantWorks, established a new joint venture called NantCancerStemCell, LLC, ( NantStem ), as a stand-alone biotechnology company with $100.0 million initial joint funding.  As initially organized, NantBioScience was obligated to make a $60.0 million cash contribution to NantStem for a 60% equity interest in NantStem, and the Company was obligated to make a $40.0 million cash contribution to NantStem for a 40% equity interest in NantStem.  Fifty percent of these contributions were funded in July 2015 and the remaining amounts were to be made by no later than September 30, 2015. The Company  had NantPharma contribute its portion of the initial joint funding of $20.0 million to NantStem from the proceeds of the sale of IgDraSol.   Pursuant to a side letter dated October 13, 2015 (the  NantStem Side Letter ), the NantStem joint venture agreement was amended to relieve the Company of the obligation to contribute  
 16 

the second $20.0 million payment, and its ownership interest in NantStem was reduced to 20%.  NantBioScience s fundin  g obligations were unchanged.  The NantStem Side Letter was negotiated at the same time the Company issued a call option on shares of NantKwest that it owned to Cambridge.  The call option was a derivative as defined in ASC 815 and was recognized at fair v  alue every reporting period the call option agreement was in effect, with changes in fair value recognized in current operations.  The call option expired unexercised on March 31, 2016 and the Company recorded a gain of $5.5 million upon the cancellation o  f the derivative liability.  
 The Company is accounting for its interest in NantStem as an equity method investment due to the significant influence the Company has over the operations of NantStem through its board representation and 20% voting interest.  The Company s investment in NantStem is reported in equity method investments on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and its share of NantStem s income or loss is recorded in income (loss) on equity investments on the condensed consolidated statement of operations.  The financial statements of NantStem are not received sufficiently timely for the Company to record its portion of earnings or loss in the current financial statements and therefore the Company reports its portion of earnings or loss on a quarter lag.  As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the Company s investment in NantStem was approximately $18.4 million. 
 NantStem recorded a total net income of $201,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and net income of $1,744,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2016.  For the three and nine months ended Sepember 30, 2016, the Company recorded $201,000 and $236,000, respectively, in income from NantStem in income (loss) on equity investments on the condensed consolidated statement of operations.  As of June 30, 2016, NantStem had $81.3 million in current assets and $141,000 in current liabilities. 
 Shanghai Three 
 The Company is accounting for its interest in Shanghai Three-Alliance Biotech Co. LTD ( Shanghai Three ), a China based company, as an equity method investment, due to the significant influence the Company has over the operations of Shanghai Three through its 25% voting interest.  The Company s investment in Shanghai Three is reported in equity method investments on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and its share of Shanghai Three s income or loss is recorded in income (loss) on equity investments on the condensed consolidated statement of operations.  The financial statements of Shanghai Three are not received sufficiently timely for the Company to record its portion of earnings or loss in the current financial statements and therefore the Company reports its portion of earnings or loss on a quarter lag.  As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the Company s investment in Shanghai Three was approximately $1.0 million.   
 Shanghai Three incurred no operating expenses for the three and six months ended June 30, 2016.  As of June 30, 2016, Shanghai Three had $0.5 million in current assets and $3.0 million in current liabilities. 
 3SBio 
 In June 2016, the Company and TNK entered into a joint venture agreement with Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Company Ltd ( 3SBio ), a China based company, to develop and commercialize proprietary immunotherapies, including those developed from, including or using TNK s  CAR-T  technology targeting carcinoembryonic antigen ( CEA ) positive cancers.  In June 2016, 3SBio purchased $10.0 million of Common Stock and warrants as part of the Company s private placement offering. 
 Under the terms of the agreement 3SBio will contribute an initial investment of $10.0 million to the joint venture and TNK will grant the joint venture an exclusive license to the CEA CAR-T technology and two additional CARs for cellular therapy for the Greater China market, including Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau. 3SBio will own 51% of the joint venture while TNK will own 49%.  As of September 30, 2016, funding and operations of the joint venture had not yet begun, as a result no investment has been recorded as of September 30, 2016.  
 Yuhan 
 In March 2016, the Company and Yuhan Corporation, a South Korea company ( Yuhan ), entered into an agreement to form a joint venture company called ImmuneOncia Therapeutics, LLC ( ImmuneOncia ) to develop and commercialize a number of immune checkpoint antibodies against undisclosed targets for both hematological malignancies and solid tumors.  During the three months ended June 30, 2016, Yuhan purchased $10.0 million of Common Stock and warrants as part of the Company s private placement offering. 
   Under the terms of the joint venture agreement, Yuhan will contribute an initial investment of $10.0 million to ImmuneOncia, and the Company will grant ImmuneOncia an exclusive license for one of its immune checkpoint antibodies for specified countries while retaining the rights for the U.S., European, and Japanese markets, as well as global rights for ImmuneOncia to two additional antibodies that will be selected by ImmuneOncia from a group of pre-specified antibodies from the Company s immuno-oncology  
 17 

antibody portfolio. Yuhan will own 51% of ImmuneOncia, while the Company will own 49%. Yuhan s Chief Scientific Officer Dr. Su Youn Nam will be appointed CEO of ImmuneOncia.   As of September 30, 2016, funding and operations of the joint ventur  e had not yet begun, as a result no investment has been recorded as of September 30, 2016.  

8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets  
 As of both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had goodwill of $20.6 million.  The Company performed a qualitative test for goodwill impairment as of December 31, 2015. Based upon the results of the qualitative testing the Company concluded that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair values of the Company s goodwill was in excess of its carrying value and therefore performing the first step of the two-step impairment test was unnecessary. No goodwill impairment was recognized for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 The Company s intangible assets, excluding goodwill, include patent rights, core technologies and customer relationships. Amortization for the  intangible  assets that have finite useful lives is generally recorded on a straight-line basis over their useful lives.  A summary of the Company s identifiable intangible assets is as follows (in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016, the remaining weighted average life for identifiable intangible assets is 15 years. 
 Patent rights are stated at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, determined to be approximately 19 years from the date of transfer of the rights to the Company in April 2013. Amortization expense for both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,250.  Amortization expense for both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $3,750, which has been included in intangibles amortization.  
 Acquired technology is stated at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, determined to be approximately 19 years from the date of acquisition of the technology in December 2013. Amortization expense for both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $44,000.  Amortization expense for both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $132,000, which has been included in intangibles amortization. 
 Customer relationships are stated at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, determined to be approximately five years from the date of acquisition in December 2013. Amortization expense for both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $66,000.  Amortization expense for both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $198,000, which has been included in intangibles amortization. 
 18 

Estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets at September 30, 2016 is as follows (in thousands):  

9. Significant Agreements and Contracts  
 License Agreement with The Scripps Research Institute  
 In January 2010, the Company entered into a license agreement (the  TSRI License ), with The Scripps Research Institute ( TSRI ). Under the TSRI License, TSRI granted the Company an exclusive, worldwide license to certain TSRI patent rights and materials based on quorum sensing for the prevention and treatment of Staphylococcus aureus ( Staph ) infections, including Methicillin-resistant Staph. In consideration for the license, the Company: (i) issued TSRI a warrant for the purchase of Common Stock, (ii) agreed to pay TSRI a certain annual royalty commencing in the first year after certain patent filing milestones are achieved, (iii) agreed to pay a royalty on any sales of licensed products by the Company or its affiliates and a royalty for any revenues generated by the Company through its sublicense of patent rights and materials licensed from TSRI under the TSRI License. The TSRI License requires the Company to indemnify TSRI for certain breaches of the agreement and other matters customary for license agreements. The parties may terminate the TSRI License at any time by mutual agreement. In addition, the Company may terminate the TSRI License by giving 60 days  notice to TSRI and TSRI may terminate the TSRI License immediately in the event of certain breaches of the agreement by the Company or upon the Company s failure to undertake certain activities in furtherance of commercial development goals. Unless terminated earlier by either or both parties, the term of the TSRI License will continue until the final expiration of all claims covered by the patent rights licensed under the agreement. The warrant was exercised in February 2015.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $18,000   and $48,000 in patent prosecution and maintenance costs associated with the TSRI License, respectively.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $40,000   and $94,000 in patent prosecution and maintenance costs associated with the TSRI License, respectively.  All such costs have been included in general and administrative expenses.  
 License Agreement with Mabtech Limited 
 I n August 2015, the Company entered into an exclusive licensing agreement to develop and commercialize multiple prespecified biosimilar and biobetter antibodies from Mabtech Limited.  Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will develop and market these four mAbs for the North American, European and Japanese markets. The Company made an initial license payment of $10.0 million and in February 2016, paid an additional $10.0 million license payment, both of which were recognized as acquired in-process research and development expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations as the Company determined there was no alternative future use for the license.  In June 2016, the Company agreed to accelerate and pay a $30.0 million milestone license payment which has been recognized as acquired in-process research and development expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations, in exchange for the purchase by Mabtech Limited and one or more of its affiliates in June 2016, of $20.0 million of Common Stock and warrants.  The amended agreement includes additional milestone payments totaling $150.0 million payable over the next three years.  
 License Agreement with NantCell 
   In April 2015, the Company and NantCell entered into a license agreement. Under the terms of the agreement the Company granted an exclusive license to NantCell covering patent rights, know-how, and materials related to certain antibodies, ADCs and two CAR-TNK products.  NantCell agreed to pay a royalty not to exceed five percent (5%) to the Company on any net sales of products (as defined in the license agreement) from the assets licensed by the Company to NantCell.  In addition to the future royalties payable under this agreement, NantCell paid an upfront payment of $10.0 million to the Company and issued 10 million shares of NantCell common stock to the Company valued at $100.0 million based on recent NantCell equity activity with a third party.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not yet provided all of the items noted in the agreement and therefore has recorded the entire upfront payment and value of the equity interest received as deferred revenue.  The Company will recognize the upfront payment and the value of the equity interest received over the expected license period of approximately ten years on a straight line basis.  The Company s ownership interest in NantCell does not  
 19 

provide the Company with control or the ability to exercise significant influence, therefore the $100.0 million investment will be carried at   cost in the condensed consolidated balance sheets and evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment on a quarterly basis.  
 NIH Grants  
 In June 2014, the NIAID awarded the Company a Phase II STTR grant (the  Staph Grant III Award ) to support the advanced preclinical development of human bispecific antibody therapeutics to prevent and treat Staph infections, including methicillin-resistant Staph ( MRSA ). The project period for the Staph Grant III Award covers a two-year period which commenced in June 2014, with total funds available of approximately $1.0 million per year for up to 2 years. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $135,000 and $243,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Staph Grant III Award.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $592,000 and $660,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Staph Grant III Award. 
 In June 2014, the NIAID awarded the Company a Phase I STTR grant entitled  Anti-Pseudomonas Immunotherapy and Targeted Drug Delivery . This grant will support the preclinical development of novel anti- Pseudomonas aeruginosa  mAb immunotherapy or an antibody-mediated targeted antibiotic delivery vehicle. Each modality may be an effective and safe stand-alone therapy and/or a component of a  cocktail  therapeutic option for prevention and treatment of  P. aeruginosa  infections. The project period for this Phase I grant covers a two-year period which commenced in July 2014, with total funds available of approximately $300,000 per year for up to 2 years. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $32,000 and $73,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Phase I STTR grant award.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $256,000 and $167,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Phase I STTR grant award. 
 In July 2014, the National Cancer Institute, a division of the NIH, awarded the Company a Phase I STTR grant, entitled  Targeting of Myc-Max Dimerization for the Treatment of Cancer . This grant will support the preclinical development of the Myc inhibitor, which interferes with the protein-protein interaction between Myc and its obligatory dimerization partner, Max, preventing sequence-specific binding to DNA and subsequent initiation of oncogenic transformation. The project period for this Phase I grant covers a one-year period which commenced in August 2014, with total funds available of approximately $225,000. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $0 and $9,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Phase I Myc grant award.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $0 and $139,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Phase I Myc grant award. 
 In August 2014, the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, a division of the NIH, awarded the Company a Phase I Small Business Technology Transfer grant entitled  Human Anti-WISP-1 Antibodies for Treatment of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis . This grant will advance the Company s immunotherapy targeting WNT-1 Inducible Signaling Protein-1 ( WISP1 ) for the treatment of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis ( IPF ). WISP1 is a protein that has been shown to be upregulated in IPF, linked to key growth factors, cellular proliferation, hyperplasia and is correlated with late stage cancers. IPF is a fatal disease, which results in progressive loss of lung function due to fibrosis of the lungs. The project period for this Phase I grant covers a one-year period which commenced in August 2014, with total funds available of approximately $225,000.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $0 and $31,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Phase I WISP1 grant award. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $52,000 and $61,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Phase I WISP1 grant award. 

10. Loan and Security Agreement 
 In September 2013, the Company entered into a $5.0 million loan and security agreement with two banks pursuant to which: (i) the lenders provided the Company a term loan which was funded at closing, (ii) the Company repaid its then outstanding equipment loan balance of $762,000, and (iii) the lenders received a warrant to purchase an aggregate 31,250 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $8.00 per share exercisable for seven years from the date of issuance. The value of the warrants, totaling $215,000, was recorded as debt discount and additional paid-in capital.  
 20 

In March 2014, the Company entered into an amended and restate  d loan and security agreement, increasing the September 2013 facility to $12.5 million from $5.0 million, with the same two banks. Such loan was funded at closing and is secured by a lien covering substantially all of the Company s assets, excluding intell  ectual property, which is subject to a negative pledge.   In October 2014, the Company entered into a second amendment to its amended and restated loan and security agreement to extend the interest only payments on the outstanding amount of the loan from Oct  ober 1, 2014 to May 1, 2015, after which equal monthly payments of principal and interest are due until the loan maturity date of September 30, 2017.    The amended and restated loan: (i) interest rate is 7.95% per annum, and (ii) provided the lenders additi  onal warrants to purchase an aggregate of 34,642 shares of the Common Stock at an exercise price of $12.99 per share, exercisable for seven years from the date of issuance. The value of the warrants, totaling $322,000, was recorded as debt discount and add  itional paid-in capital.  
 At the Company s option, it may prepay all of the outstanding principal balance, subject to certain pre-payment fees ranging from 1% to 3% of the prepayment amount. In the event of a final payment of the loans under the loan agreement, either in the event of repayment of the loan at maturity or upon any prepayment, the Company is obligated to pay the amortized portion of the final fee of $781,000.  
 The Company is also subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants under the amended and restated loan and security agreement, including limitations on its ability to: undergo certain change of control events; convey, sell, lease, license, transfer or otherwise dispose of any equipment financed by loans under the amended and restated loan and security agreement; create, incur, assume, guarantee or be liable with respect to indebtedness, subject to certain exceptions; grant liens on any equipment financed under the loan agreement; and make or permit any payment on specified subordinated debt. In addition, under the amended and restated loan and security agreement, subject to certain exceptions, the Company is required to maintain with the lender its primary operating, other deposit and securities accounts.  
 Long-term debt and unamortized discount balances are as follows (in thousands):  

Future minimum payments under the amended and restated loan and security agreement are as follows (in thousands):  

21 

11. Stockholders  Equity and Noncontrolling Interests  
   
 The table below provides a reconciliation of the carrying amount of total stockholders  equity, including stockholders  equity attributable to Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. and equity attributable to the noncontrolling interests ( NCI ) (in thousands): 

Common Stock 
   
 The Company has a sales agreement with MLV (the  Sales Agreement ) to permit the sale by MLV, acting as its sales agent, of up to $50.0 million in additional shares of Common Stock from time to time in an at-the-market offering under the Sales Agreement. All sales of shares have been and will continue to be made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC. The Company pays MLV a commission of approximately 2% of the aggregate gross proceeds the Company receives from all sales of the Common Stock under the Sales Agreement. There were net proceeds on sales of approximately $3.5 million at a weighted average price of $6.37 under the Sales Agreement during the three months ended March 31, 2016.  There was no sales activity under the Sales Agreement during the three months ended June 30, 2015 or September 30, 2016 or during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2016 the Company closed its private placement offering of Common Stock and warrants with Yuhan, Ally Bridge Group, Beijing Shijilongxin Investment Co., Ltd. and FREJOY Investment Management Co., Ltd.   The Company collectively sold 27,027,027 shares of Common Stock at $5.55 per share, and warrants to purchase 5,290,936 shares of Common Stock for total consideration of $150.0 million.  The Company incurred $4.2 million in offering commissions and expenses which have been netted against the gross proceeds.  The warrants are exercisable for three years at an exercise price of $8.50 per share.  The Company received consideration in the form of secured promissory notes for 9,640,060 shares totaling $53.5 million. On July 14, 2016, one of the holders of the Secured Notes repaid $10.0 million of the outstanding principal under its Secured Note.  The Company expects to receive the remaining $43.5 million prior to December 31, 2016.          
 In July 2016, in connection with an agreement with the Chan Soon-Shiong Family Foundation and Cambridge Equities, LP, the Company agreed to purchase 7,878,098 shares of Common Stock held by Foundation and Cambridge and retired the shares. 
   
 22 

12. Stock Incentive Plans  
 2009 Non-Employee Director Grants  
 In September 2009, prior to the adoption of the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan, the Company s Board of Directors approved the reservation and issuance of 8,000 nonstatutory stock options to the Company s non-employee directors. The options vested on the one year anniversary of the vesting commencement date in October 2010, and were exercisable for up to 10 years from the grant date. No further shares may be granted under this plan and, as of September 30, 2016, all options granted under this plan had been cancelled and no   options were outstanding.  
 2009 Stock Incentive Plan  
 In October 2009, the Company s stockholders approved the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan. In June 2016, the Company s stockholders approved, among other items, the amendment and restatement of the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Stock Plan ) to increase the number of common shares authorized to be issued pursuant to the Stock Plan to 6,260,000. Such shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance to employees, non-employee directors and consultants of the Company. The Stock Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, unrestricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards and performance awards to eligible recipients. Recipients of stock options shall be eligible to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to no less than the estimated fair market value of such stock on the date of grant. The maximum term of options granted under the Stock Plan is ten years. Employee option grants will generally vest 25% on the first anniversary of the original vesting commencement date, with the balance vesting monthly over the remaining three years. The vesting schedules for grants to non-employee directors and consultants will be determined by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors.   
 The following table summarizes stock option activity as of September 30, 2016 and the changes for the period then ended (dollar values in thousands):  

The Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to calculate the fair value of stock options. The fair value of employee stock options was estimated at the grant date using the following assumptions:  

The assumed dividend yield was based on the Company s expectation of not paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Due to the Company s limited historical data, the estimated volatility incorporates the historical and implied volatility of comparable companies whose share prices are publicly available. The risk-free interest rate assumption was based on the U.S. Treasury s rates for U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with maturities similar to those of the expected term of the award being valued. The weighted average expected life of options was estimated using the average of the contractual term and the weighted average vesting term of the options.  
 The total employee and director stock-based compensation recorded as operating expenses was $892,000 and $2,373,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $3,012,000 and $4,156,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 23 

The total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock option grants   as of September 30, 2016 was $12,133,000 and the weighted average period over which these grants are expected to vest is 3.2 years.   
 The Company records equity instruments issued to non-employees as expense at their fair value over the related service period as determined in accordance with the authoritative guidance and periodically revalues the equity instruments as they vest.  Stock-based compensation expense related to non-employee consultants recorded as operating expenses was $67,000 and $280,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $163,000 and $1,327,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance 
 Common stock reserved for future issuance consists of the following at September 30, 2016: 

Subsidiary Equity Grants  
 In May 2015, the Company s subsidiary TNK, adopted the TNK 2015 Stock Option Plan and reserved 10.0 million shares of TNK Class A Stock.   During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, TNK awarded zero and 402,000 options, respectively, with a weighted average grant date fair value of $0.84 per share to certain Company personnel, directors and consultants under such plan.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, TNK cancelled 10,000 options.  A portion of the stock options granted under this plan are typically vested upon grant and the remaining options vest over two to four years or monthly over four years from the grant date and have a contractual term of ten years. As of September 30, 2016, approximately 2.9 million options were outstanding.  
 In May 2015, TNK granted a warrant to the Company s CEO to purchase 9.5 million shares of TNK class B common stock, which have 10 to 1 voting rights.  Warrant shares totaling 4.0 million are exercisable evenly over forty months and the remaining warrant shares are exercisable if certain defined events occur within four years from date of issuance at an initial exercise price of $0.01 per share.  The exercise price of the warrant is subject to customary adjustment provisions for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like.  As of September 30, 2016, 9.5 million warrants were outstanding. 
 In May 2015, the Company s subsidiary LA Cell, Inc. ( LA Cell ) adopted the LA Cell 2015 Stock Option Plan and reserved 10.0 million shares of LA Cell class A common stock.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, LA Cell awarded 250,000 and 651,500 options, respectively, with a weighted average grant date fair value of $0.20 per share to certain Company personnel, directors and consultants under such plan.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, LA Cell cancelled 10,000 options.  A portion of the stock options granted under this plan are typically vested upon grant and the remaining options vest over two to four years or monthly over four years from the grant date and have a contractual term of ten years. As of September 30, 2016, approximately 2.1 million options were outstanding.  
 In May 2015, LA Cell granted a warrant to the Company s CEO to purchase 9.5 million shares of LA Cell class B common stock, which have 10 to 1 voting rights.  Warrant shares totaling 4.0 million are exercisable evenly over forty months and the remaining warrant shares are exercisable if certain defined events occur within four years from date of issuance at an initial exercise price of $0.01 per share.  The exercise price of the warrant is subject to customary adjustment provisions for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like.  As of September 30, 2016, 9.5 million warrants were outstanding. 
 In October 2015, the Company s subsidiary Concortis Biosystems, Corp. ( CBC ) adopted the CBC 2015 Stock Option Plan and reserved 10.0 million shares of CBC class A common stock.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, CBC awarded zero and 9,750 options, respectively, with a weighted average grant date fair value of $0.17 per share to certain Company personnel under such plan.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, zero and 420,000 options were cancelled by CBC, respectively.  A portion of the stock options granted under this plan are typically vested upon grant and the remaining options vest over two to four years or monthly over four years from the grant date and have a contractual term of ten years. As of September 30, 2016, approximately 1.8 million options were outstanding.  
 24 

In October 2015, CBC granted a warrant to the Company s CEO to purchas  e 9.5 million shares of CBC class B common stock, which have 10 to 1 voting rights.  Warrant shares totaling 4.0 million are exercisable evenly over forty months and the remaining warrant shares are exercisable if certain defined events occur within four y  ears from date of issuance at an initial exercise price of $0.25 per share.  The exercise price of the warrant is subject to customary adjustment provisions for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like.  As of September 30, 2016, 9.5 m  illion warrants were outstanding.  
 In October 2015, the Company s subsidiary Scintilla, adopted the Scintilla 2015 Stock Option Plan and reserved 10.0 million shares of Scintilla class A common stock.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, Scintilla awarded zero and 2,000 options, respectively, with a weighted average grant date fair value of $0.01 per share to certain Company personnel under such plan.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, zero and 200,000 options were cancelled by Scintilla, respectively.  A portion of the stock options granted under this plan are typically vested upon grant and the remaining options vest over two to four years or monthly over four years from the grant date and have a contractual term of ten years. As of September 30, 2016, approximately 1.0 million options were outstanding.  
 In October 2015, Scintilla granted a warrant to the Company s CEO to purchase 9.5 million shares of Scintilla class B common stock, which have 10 to 1 voting rights.  Warrant shares totaling 4.0 million are exercisable evenly over forty months and the remaining warrant shares are exercisable if certain defined events occur within four years from date of issuance at an initial exercise price of $0.01 per share.  The exercise price of the warrant is subject to customary adjustment provisions for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like.   As of September 30, 2016, 9.5 million warrants were outstanding. 
 In October 2015, the Company s subsidiary Sorrento Biologics, Inc. ( Biologics ) adopted the Biologics 2015 Stock Option Plan and reserved 10.0 million shares of Biologics class A common stock.  No options were awarded or cancelled during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 under such plan. A portion of the stock options granted under this plan are typically vested upon grant and the remaining options vest over two to four years or monthly over four years from the grant date and have a contractual term of ten years. As of September 30, 2016, approximately 1.4 million options were outstanding.  
 In October 2015, Biologics granted a warrant to the Company s CEO to purchase 9.5 million shares of Biologics class B common stock which have 10 to 1 voting rights.  Warrant shares totaling 4.0 million are exercisable evenly over forty months and the remaining warrant shares are exercisable if certain defined events occur within four years from date of issuance at an initial exercise price of $0.01 per share.  The exercise price of the warrant is subject to customary adjustment provisions for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like.   As of September 30, 2016, 9.5 million warrants were outstanding. 
 The total director stock-based compensation recorded as operating expenses by the Company for TNK, LA Cell, CBC, Scintilla and Biologics was $42,000 and $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and was $125,000 and $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested director stock option and warrant grants for these entities as of September 30, 2016 was $409,000, and the weighted-average period over which these grants are expected to vest is approximately 3.0 years.  The Company records equity instruments issued to non-employees as expense at their fair value over the related service period as determined in accordance with the authoritative guidance and periodically revalues the equity instruments as they vest.  Stock based compensation expense related to non-employee consultants recorded as operating expenses by the Company for TNK, LA Cell, CBC, Scintilla and Biologics was $47,000 and $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and was $139,000 and $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 The weighted-average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option and warrant pricing model used by TNK, LA Cell, CBC, Scintilla and Biologics to determine the fair value of stock option grants for directors and non-employee consultants for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows: expected dividend yield   0%, risk-free interest rate   1.39% to 1.74%, expected volatility   75% to 77%, and expected term of 4.0 to 6.1 years. 
 In May 2014, the Company s subsidiary Ark Animal Health, Inc. ( Ark ) adopted the Ark 2014 Stock Option Plan and reserved and awarded 600,000 options to certain directors and consultants under such plan. A portion of the stock options granted under such plan are typically vested upon grant and the remaining options vest over one year from the grant date and have a contractual term of ten years. As of September 30, 2016, 351,000 options were outstanding.  
 The total director and consultant stock-based compensation recorded as operating expenses by the Company for Ark for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0 and $22,000, respectively, and was $0 and $55,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  No unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock option grants existed as of September 30, 2016.  
 25 

13. Investment in Variable Interest Entity  
 The Company s condensed consolidated financial statements include the financial results of LA Cell, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company and a variable interest entity in which the Company is the primary beneficiary. 
 In September 2015, LA Cell exclusively licensed certain technology from City of Hope.  The technology includes cell-penetrating antibody therapies that enables mAbs to penetrate into cells and target disease-causing molecules.  Utilizing mAbs derived from the Company's antibody portfolio, LA Cell is focused on developing therapies against important oncology targets, including but not limited to c-MYC, mutated KRAS, STAT3, and FoxP3.  Pursuant to the license agreement, LA Cell made a $2.0 million upfront payment to City of Hope and has paid additional license payments of $5.0 million to City of Hope as of September 30, 2016.  The license agreement also provides for development and sales milestone payments and royalties based on net sales, as defined in the license agreement. 
 Upon the formation of LA Cell, the Company held all of the outstanding stock of LA Cell. As of September 30, 2016, the Company held an aggregate of approximately a 48% ownership of outstanding shares but which include a majority of the voting rights.   
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, LA Cell recognized $3.0 million and $5.0 million, respectively, in acquired in-process research and development expense in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations and incurred minimal general and administrative expenses. 
   
 14. Derivative Liability 
 On October 13, 2015, the Company wrote a call option to Cambridge on up to 2.0 million shares of NantKwest common stock held by the Company (the  Option Agreement ).    The Option Agreement gave Cambridge the right to purchase up to 2.0 million shares at a price of $15.295 per share from time to time during the first quarter of 2016.  There is no contractual option premium associated with this Option Agreement.  The Option Agreement is a derivative as defined in ASC Topic 815 and is recognized at fair value every reporting period the Option Agreement is in effect, with changes in fair value recognized in current operations.  The call option expired unexercised on March 31, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company recorded a gain of $0 and $5.5 million, respectively, upon the cancelation of the derivative liability.  As of September 30, 2016, no derivative liability was recorded on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets .   
 15. Income Taxes 
 The Company maintains deferred tax assets that reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. These deferred tax assets include net operating loss carryforwards, research credits and temporary differences. In assessing the Company's ability to realize deferred tax assets, management considers, on a periodic basis, whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As such, management has determined that it is appropriate to maintain a full valuation allowance against the Company's U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets, with the exception of an amount equal to its deferred tax liabilities, which can be expected to reverse over a definite life. 
 The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and various state jurisdictions. The Company's tax years for 2007 and later are subject to examination by the U.S. and state tax authorities due to the existence of the NOL carryforwards.  
 As of the September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $1.8 million of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective income tax rate for continuing operations, subject to possible offset by an increase in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. As of September 30, 2015, the Company had approximately $800 in   unrecognized tax benefits  that, if recognized, would impact the effective income tax rate for continuing operations, subject to possible offset by an increase in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance .  
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no expense was recorded related to interest and penalties. The Company believes that no significant amount of the liabilities for uncertain tax positions will expire within twelve months of September 30, 2016. 
   
 26 

16  . Commitments and Contingencies   
 Litigation  
 In the normal course of business, the Company may be named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits. The Company is not a party to any outstanding material litigation and management is currently not aware of any legal proceedings that, individually or in the aggregate, are deemed to be material to its financial condition or results of operations.   
 On April 25, 2016, Wildcat Liquid Alpha, LLC ( WLA ) filed a complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware seeking an order compelling the Company to provide WLA with certain documents, books and records for inspection and copying pursuant to an April 11, 2016 demand made by WLA.  The Company believes that WLA s April 11, 2016 demand for documents and the corresponding litigation are deficient and without merit, and will vigorously defend itself against both. The Company is unable to determine whether any loss will occur with respect to this matter or to estimate the range of such potential loss; therefore, no amount of loss has been accrued by the Company as of the date of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the Company will prevail in this action or receive any relief if it does prevail. 
 On May 13, 2016, WLA filed a derivative action in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the  WLA Action ) against each of the members of the Board at the time, Henry Ji, William S. Marth, Kim D. Janda, Jaisim Shah, David H. Deming, and Douglas Ebersole (the  Prior Board ) and against the Company as nominal defendant.  After the members of the Prior Board and the Company moved to dismiss, on August 12, 2016, WLA filed an amended complaint containing both direct and derivative claims against each of the members of the Prior Board and against the Company as nominal defendant, alleging, among other things: (1) breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the formation of, and certain options and warrants issued by, certain of the Company s subsidiaries to Dr. Ji and members of the Prior Board (the  Subsidiary Options Claim  (2) breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the Company s prior announcement that it had entered into a voting agreement with Yuhan Corporation in connection with a transaction through which it purchased $10 million of shares of Common Stock and warrants (the  Yuhan Agreement Claim  (3) waste of corporate assets regarding the foregoing; (4) unjust enrichment regarding the foregoing; and (5) violation of  8 Del. C.    160 based on the Yuhan voting agreement.  The Company believes that the WLA Action is without merit, and will vigorously defend itself against the action. The Company is unable to determine whether any loss will occur with respect to the WLA Action or to estimate the range of such potential loss; therefore, no amount of loss has been accrued by the Company as of the date of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the Company will prevail in this suit or receive any damages or other relief if it does prevail. 
 On September 8, 2016, Yvonne Williams filed an action both derivatively and on behalf of a purported class of stockholders in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against each of the members of the Prior Board; George Ng, the Company s Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, and Chief Legal Officer; Jeffrey Su, the Company s Executive Vice President   Chief Operating Officer; and the Company as nominal defendant, alleging: (1) breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the Subsidiary Options Claim; and (2) breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the Yuhan Agreement Claim  (the  Williams Action ).  The Company believes that the Williams Action is without merit, and will vigorously defend itself against the action.  The Company is unable to determine whether any loss will occur with respect to the Williams Action or to estimate the range of such potential loss; therefore, no amount of loss has been accrued by the Company as of the date of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the Company will prevail in this suit or receive any damages or other relief if it does prevail. 
 On June 26, 2015, Immunomedics, Inc. ( Immunomedics ) filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey (the  Immunomedics Action ) against the Board of Directors of Roger Williams Medical Center, Dr. Richard P. Junghans, Dr. Steven C. Katz, the Office of the Board of Advisors of Tufts University School of Medicine, and one or more individuals or entities to be identified later.  This complaint (the "Initial Complaint") alleged, among other things: (1) breach of contract; (2) breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (3) tortious interference with prospective economic gain; (4) tortious interference with contracts; (5) misappropriation; (6) conversion; (7) bailment; (8) negligence; (9) vicarious liability; and (10) patent infringement.  Overall, the allegations in the Initial Complaint were generally directed to an alleged material transfer agreement dated December 2008 and Immunomedics  alleged request for the return of certain alleged research material.   
 On October 22, 2015, Immunomedics filed an amended complaint (the "First Amended Complaint"), which, among other things, no longer named the Board of Directors of Roger Williams Medical Center and The Office of the Board of Advisors of Tufts University School of Medicine as defendants. Roger Williams Medical Center and Tufts Medical Center were added as new defendants.  On January 14, 2016, Immunomedics filed a second amended complaint (the "Second Amended Complaint"), which, among other things, no longer named Tufts Medical Center as a defendant.  In addition, the Second Amended Complaint contained allegations directed to two additional alleged material transfer agreements dated September 1993 and May 2010, respectively, and also added an allegation of unjust enrichment.  The Second Amended Complaint also no longer asserted claims for (1) breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (2) misappropriation; (3) bailment; (4) negligence; and (5) vicarious liability.   
 27 

On October 12, 2016, Immunomedics filed a third amended complaint ("Third Amended Complaint"), which added the Company, TNK, BDL, and CARgenix as defendants.  TNK is a subsidiary of the Company and purchased BDL and CARgenix in August 2015  .  The Third Amended Complaint includes, among other things, allegations against the Company, TNK, BDL and CARgenix regarding (1) conversion; (2) tortious interference; and (3) unjust enrichment.    
 The Company believes that the Immunomedics Action is without merit and will vigorously defend itself, TNK, BDL, and CARgenix against the action.  The Company is unable to determine whether any loss will occur with respect to the Immunomedics Action or to estimate the range of such potential loss.  Therefore, no amount of loss has been accrued by the Company as of the date of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the Company will prevail in this suit or receive any damages or other relief if it does prevail. 

Operating Leases  
 The Company currently leases in San Diego, California approximately 43,000 square feet of corporate office and laboratory space, approximately 10,875 square feet of laboratory and office space at a second location and approximately 6,350 square feet of laboratory and office space at a third location.  The Company s lease agreements in San Diego, as amended, for its corporate office and laboratory space and its second and third laboratory and office space, expire in December 2025, April 2017 and June 2018, respectively.    
 For all leased properties the Company has provided a total security deposit of $346,000 to secure its obligations under the various leases, which has been included in prepaid and other assets. 
   
 17. Related Party Agreements 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company purchased products totaling $0 and $76,000 and $350,000 and $491,000, respectively, from Levena Biopharma Co., LTD (Levena), a Chinese corporation.  The Company s former Senior Vice President and Head of Antibody Drug Conjugates was one of the owners of Levena.  Levena ceased to be a related party during the first quarter of 2016. 
 In December 2014, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with Cambridge, an affiliated entity of Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong (the  Investor ) pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Investor an aggregate of approximately 7.2 million shares of Common Stock at a price of $5.80 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $41.7 million. In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Investor received a warrant to purchase approximately 1.7 million shares of Common Stock. The warrant is exercisable for a period of three years from the date of issuance at an initial exercise price of $5.80 per share.  In July 2016, pursuant to the Letter Agreement, Cambridge forfeited its right to purchase 500,000 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the warrant.  See Note 1 for additional information regarding this transaction. 
 In December 2014, the Company entered into a joint development and license agreement with Conkwest Inc., which has changed its name to NantKwest, and of which Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong is a majority owner.  In addition, the Company purchased approximately 5.6 million shares of NantKwest common stock for $10.0 million.  In July 2016, the Company closed a transaction with the Chan Soon-Shiong Family Foundation and Cambridge Equities, LP to sell all of its investment in NantKwest, Inc. held by the Company.  See Note 1 for additional information. 
 As described more fully in Notes 7 and 9, during 2015, the Company entered into a joint venture called Immunotherapy NANTibody, LLC, with NantCell, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NantWorks, a private company owned by Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong.  In July 2015, the Company contributed its portion of the initial joint funding of $40.0 million to the Immunotherapy NANTibody joint venture.  The Company and NantCell have also entered into a license agreement pursuant to which the Company received a $10.0 million upfront license payment and $100.0 million of vested NantCell common stock.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not yet provided all of the items noted in the agreement and therefore has recorded the entire upfront payment and value of the equity interest received as deferred revenue.   
   As described more fully in Notes 7 and 14, t he  Company entered into a joint venture called NantCancerStemCell, LLC, or NantStem, with NantBioScience, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NantWorks.   In connection with negotiated changes to the structure of NantStem the Company issued a call option on shares of NantKwest that it owned to Cambridge, a related party to the Company and to NantBioScience.  The call option  to Cambridge under the Option Agreement was on up to 2.0 million shares of NantKwest common stock held by the Company.   The Option Agreement gave Cambridge the right to purchase up to 2.0 million shares at a price of $15.295 from time to time in the first quarter of 2016.  There was no option premium associated with this Option Agreement.  The Option Agreement was a derivative as defined in ASC 815 and was marked to fair value every reporting period the Option Agreement  
 28 

was in effect, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings.      The call option expired unexercised on March 31, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company recorded a gain of $0 and $5.5 million, respectively, upon the cancelation of the derivative liability.  As of September 30, 2016   no derivative liability was recorded on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets.    In April 2015, the Company purchased 1.0 million shares of NantBioScience common stock for $10.0 million.    
 In May 2015, the Company entered into a stock sale and purchase agreement with NantPharma, a private company owned by NantWorks pursuant to which the Company sold its equity interests in IgDraSol, its wholly-owned subsidiary and holder of the rights to Cynviloq for an upfront payment of $90.05 million and potential regulatory and sales milestones of up to $1.2 billion.   
 As described more fully in Note 9, in June 2016, the Company agreed to accelerate and pay a $30.0 million milestone license payment which has been recognized as acquired in-process research and development expense as of September 30, 2016, in exchange for the purchase by Mabtech Limited and one or more of its affiliates in June 2016, of $20.0 million of Common Stock and warrants. 
 As described more fully in Note 7, in March 2016, the Company and Yuhan entered into an agreement to form a joint venture company called ImmuneOncia Therapeutics, LLC, to develop and commercialize a number of immune checkpoint antibodies against undisclosed targets for both hematological malignancies and solid tumors.  During the three months ended June 30, 2016, Yuhan purchased $10.0 million of Common Stock and warrants. 
 As described more fully in Note 7, in June 2016, the Company and TNK entered into a joint venture agreement with 3SBio to develop and commercialize proprietary immunotherapies, including those developed from, including or using TNK s chimeric antigen receptor T cell ( CAR-T ) technology targeting carcinoembryonic antigen ( CEA ) positive cancers.  In June 2016, 3SBio purchased $10.0 million of Common Stock and warrants. 
 18. Subsequent Events 
 Celularity Note and Nonbinding Joint Venture Term Sheet 
 On November 1, 2016, the Company loaned $5.0 million to Celularity pursuant to the Celularity Note in connection with the entry into a nonbinding term sheet by the Company, TNK and Celularity (the  Celularity Term Sheet ) setting forth the terms and conditions by which the Company or TNK, along with one or more third parties, will contribute certain assets to Celularity (the  Celularity Transaction ).  Pursuant to the terms of the Celularity Note, the loan will be due and payable in full on the Maturity Date. The Celularity Note also provides that, in certain circumstances, the Company shall loan Celularity up to an additional $5.0 million over the next 12 months. In the event that Celularity meets certain minimum financing conditions prior to the Maturity Date, all outstanding amounts under the Celularity Note shall be forgiven.  
 The Celularity Term Sheet provides that, contingent upon the execution of a definitive agreement among the parties (the  Celularity Agreement ), concurrently with asset contributions to Celularity to be made by one or more third parties, TNK will contribute to Celularity certain assets in the area of CAR constructs for use in placenta-derived cells and cord blood-derived cells (the  Contributions ), and the Company will receive shares of common stock of Celularity. Pursuant to the Celularity Term Sheet, following the Contributions, the Company will own at least 30% of the total outstanding shares of capital stock of Celularity and will be entitled to appoint a specified number of members to the board of directors of Celularity. The final terms of the Celularity Transaction are subject to the negotiation and finalization of the Celularity Agreement and any other agreements relating to the Celularity Transaction, and the material terms of the Celularity Transaction, if consummated, may differ from those described herein or set forth in the Celularity Term Sheet. 
 Completed Scilex Transaction 
 On November 8, 2016, the Company entered into the Scilex Purchase Agreement pursuant to which, on November 8, 2016, the Company acquired from the Scilex Stockholders, and the Scilex Stockholders sold to the Company, approximately 72% of the outstanding capital stock of Scilex.  
 The total value of the consideration payable to the Scilex Stockholders in the Scilex Acquisition is equal to approximately $47.6 million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments (the  Adjusted Base Consideration ). 
 29 

At the Scilex Closing, the Company issued to the Accredited Scilex Stockholders that were accredited investors an aggregate of 752,481 shares of Common Stoc  k based on a $6.33 per share price; provided, however, that twenty percent of such shares will be held in escrow for a period of six months, and be used, among other things, to satisfy the indemnification obligations of the Scilex Stockholders. In addition   to issuing shares of Common Stock at the Scilex Closing, the Company paid cash in the aggregate amount of approximately $4,840 to Scilex Stockholders that were not accredited investors in exchange for such Scilex Stockholders  shares of the capital stock   of Scilex.  
 Subject to certain customary limitations, the Scilex Stockholders have agreed to indemnify the Company and its officers, directors, employees and other authorized agents against certain losses related to, among other things, breaches of Scilex s and the Scilex Stockholders  representations and warranties, certain specified liabilities and the failure to perform covenants or obligations under the Scilex Purchase Agreement.  
 Under the terms of the Scilex Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to provide additional consideration to the Accredited Scilex Stockholders upon the achievement of certain milestones, as follows: (i) 10% of the Adjusted Base Consideration will be payable in shares of Common Stock upon receipt of notice from the FDA that the FDA has accepted Scilex s resubmitted NDA for ZTlido for the treatment of postherpetic neuralgia, and (ii) 80% of the Adjusted Base Consideration will be payable in shares of Common Stock upon receipt of notice from the FDA that the FDA has approved the NDA for commercialization. The Common Stock price per share to be used to calculate the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the achievement of these milestones will be based on a formula set forth in the Scilex Purchase Agreement, which provides that the Common Stock price per share will not be greater than $25.32 or less than $6.33    (in each case subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like). 
 The Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board, through one or more of his affiliated entities, and the Company s Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer, were formerly stockholders of Scilex, held approximately 6.5% and 8.6%, respectively, of Scilex s total outstanding capital stock and sold all of their shares of the capital stock of Scilex to the Company in the Scilex Acquisition on the same terms as the other Scilex Stockholders. 
 In connection with the Scilex Acquisition, on November 8, 2016, the Company and the Accredited Scilex Stockholders entered into the Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the Company agreed to prepare and file one or more registration statements with the SEC for the purpose of registering for resale the Closing Shares and any additional shares of Common Stock that may be issued by the Company upon the achievement of milestones in accordance with the Scilex Purchase Agreement (collectively, the  Securities ). Under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company must file a registration statement with the SEC registering all of the Closing Shares for resale by no later than December 8, 2016, and the Company will also be required to file one or more additional registration statements registering any other Securities for resale within 30 days of the issuance thereof. 
 Scintilla and Scilex agreed to terminate the Scilex Binding Term Sheet on November 8, 2016. As a result of the termination of the Scilex Binding Term Sheet, notwithstanding the provisions set forth in the Scilex Binding Term Sheet, Scintilla and Scilex agreed that the $0.5 million standstill payment that Scintilla made to Scilex pursuant to the Scilex Binding Term Sheet shall be deemed a loan made by Scintilla to Scilex, evidenced the November Scilex Note. The November Scilex Note accrues interest at an annual rate equal to the lesser of 10.0% and the maximum interest rate permitted under law, will be due and payable in full upon the earlier of December 31, 2016 and the occurrence of an event of default, and may be prepaid in full or in part. The November Scilex Note was assigned in full by Scintilla to the Company on November 8, 2016.  On November 8, 2016, following the Scilex Closing, the November Scilex Note was repaid by Scilex in full. 

30 

I  tem 2.   
 
          Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.      

 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  about our expectations, beliefs or intentions regarding our potential product offerings, business, financial condition, results of operations, strategies or prospects. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that these statements do not relate strictly to historical or current matters. Rather, forward-looking statements relate to anticipated or expected events, activities, trends or results as of the date they are made and are often identified by the use of words such as  assumes,   plans,   anticipate,   believe,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   might,  or  will,  and similar just expressions or variations. Because forward-looking statements relate to matters that have not yet occurred, these statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Many factors could cause our actual activities or results to differ materially from the activities and results anticipated in forward-looking statements. These factors include those described under the caption  Risk Factors  included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of such statements.  
 Overview  
 We are a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery, acquisition, development and commercialization of proprietary drug therapeutics for addressing significant unmet medical needs worldwide. Our primary therapeutic focus is oncology, including the treatment of chronic cancer pain, but we are also developing therapeutic products for other indications, including immunology and infectious diseases. We currently have multiple clinical development programs underway: (i) CAR-T programs for solid tumors, (ii) resiniferatoxin ( RTX ), a non-opiate, ultra-potent and selective agonist of the TRPV-1 receptor for intractable pain in end-stage disease, and (iii) biosimilar/biobetter antibodies clinical  development programs .     
 Our pipeline also includes preclinical fully human therapeutic monoclonal antibodies ( mAbs ), including biosimilars/biobetters, fully human anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors derived from our proprietary G-MAB    library platform, antibody drug conjugates ( ADCs ), bispecific antibodies ( BsAbs ), as well as Chimeric Antigen Receptor-T cell ( CAR-T ) and Chimeric Antigen Receptor Natural Killer ( NK ) cells ( CAR.NK  ) for adoptive cellular immunotherapy. Our objective is to develop our antibody drug products and adoptive cellular immunotherapies as First in Class, and/or Best in Class, which may offer greater efficacy and/or fewer adverse events or side effects as compared to existing drugs, as well as fully human therapeutic antibodies derived from our proprietary G-MAB    antibody library platform and ADCs.     
 Through September 30, 2016, we identified and further developed a number of potential drug product candidates across various therapeutic areas, and intend to select several lead product candidates to further advance into preclinical development activities in 2016. It is too early to assess which of these candidates, if any, will merit further evaluation in clinical trials. Our libraries were designed to facilitate the rapid identification and isolation of highly specific, antibody therapeutic product candidates that are fully-human and that bind to disease targets appropriate for antibody therapy. We built our initial antibody expression and production capabilities to enable us to make sufficient product material to conduct preclinical safety and efficacy testing in animal models.  
 Although we intend to retain ownership and control of product candidates by advancing their development, we regularly also consider, (i) partnerships with pharmaceutical or biopharmaceutical companies and (ii) sale of our products in each case, in order to balance the risks and costs associated with drug discovery, development and commercialization with efforts to maximize our stockholders  returns. Our partnering objectives include generating revenue through license fees, milestone-related development fees and royalties as well as profit shares or joint ventures to generate potential returns from our product candidates.  
 Recent Developments 
 In June 2015, the National Institutes of Health, ( NIH ) announced that the Clinical Center suspended operations of its Pharmaceutical Development Section after FDA inspections that occurred in May 2015.  An FDA inspection report issued on May 29, 2015 noted  deficiencies in the physical facility, including flaws in the air handling system, and operational failures including inadequate quality control, insufficient employee training, and lack of compliance with standard operating procedures .  As a result, 46 clinical programs, including the RTX study in patients with severe pain in advanced cancer, were placed on clinical hold by the FDA.  NIH has developed an interim corrective action/preventative action plan which has not yet been approved by the FDA.  We plan to continue our already planned corporate IND for RTX. 
 31 

In July 2016, we completed the transactions contemplated by a letter agreement (the  Letter Agreement ) with the Chan Soon-Shiong Family Foundation ( Foundation ) and Cambridge Equities, L  P ( Cambridge ). Pursuant to the terms of the Letter Agreement, among other things, (i) we agreed to sell to Foundation, and Foundation agreed to purchase from us, an aggregate of 5,618,326 shares of common stock of NantKwest, Inc. held by us, (ii) Foundat  ion agreed to sell to us, and we agreed to purchase all reported shares held by Foundation and Cambridge, comprising an aggregate of 7,878,098 shares of our common stock ( Common Stock ) held by Foundation and Cambridge, (iii) Cambridge agreed to forfeit i  ts right to purchase 500,000 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to a warrant to purchase 1,724,138 shares of Common Stock issued by us, and (iv) we agreed to pay to Foundation an aggregate of approximately $15.6 million.  We retired the 7,878,098 rep  urchased shares.  
 On July 11, 2016, we announced a license and collaboration agreement with Les Laboratoires Servier, SAS, a corporation incorporated under the laws of France, and Institut de Recherches Internationales Servier, a company duly organized and existing under the laws of France (individually and collectively,  Servier ) for the development, manufacture and commercialization of products using our fully human immuno-oncology anti-PD-1 mAb STI-A1110. Pursuant to the financial terms of that agreement we received a non-refundable up-front payment of $27.4 million in July 2016. 
 On August 2, 2016, we, Scintilla Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Scintilla ), our subsidiary, and Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc. ( Scilex ) entered into a binding term sheet (the  Scilex Binding Term Sheet ) setting forth the terms and conditions by which Scintilla would, through a subsidiary, purchase all of the issued and outstanding equity of Scilex (the  Proposed Scilex Acquisition ). Subject to certain conditions, and in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding equity of Scilex, the Scilex Binding Term Sheet provided that Scintilla would: (i) at the closing of the Proposed Scilex Acquisition (the  Proposed Scilex Closing ), pay to the equityholders of Scilex an aggregate of $100 (the  Cash Consideration ), and (ii) following the earlier to occur of (a) the closing of the next third party equity financing of Scintilla or the initial public offering of shares of common stock of Scintilla ( Scintilla Common Stock ) in the United States (a  Financing ), or (b) the two-year anniversary of the Proposed Scilex Closing, issue to the equityholders of Scilex an aggregate of $70,000,000 of shares of Scintilla Common Stock, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances, based upon the valuation of Scintilla immediately after such Financing or otherwise as of the two-year anniversary of the Proposed Scilex Closing (the  Scilex Stock Consideration ). 
 In exchange for Scilex s agreement under the Scilex Binding Term Sheet to negotiate exclusively with us and Scintilla with respect to the Proposed Scilex Acquisition, Scintilla paid $0.5 million to Scilex upon execution of the Scilex Binding Term Sheet (the  Standstill Payment ). The Scilex Binding Term Sheet provided that if the Proposed Scilex Closing occurs, the Standstill Payment would be credited against the value of the Scilex Stock Consideration payable by Scintilla to the Scilex equityholders. If the Proposed Scilex Closing does not occur by a specified deadline, unless otherwise agreed to by us and Scilex, the Standstill Payment would be deemed to be an investment by us in Scilex s next third party financing. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Scilex Binding Term Sheet, we agreed that, upon the Proposed Scilex Closing, we would contribute $10.0 million to Scintilla to fund, among other things, Scintilla s working capital expenses, the development of Scintilla s lead program RTX for the treatment of intractable cancer pain, as well as the development of ZTlido  (lidocaine), Scilex s lead product candidate, and the development of certain of Scintilla s other technologies and product candidates.  
 Our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors (the  Board ), through one or more of his affiliated entities, and our Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer, were stockholders of Scilex and owned approximately 6.5% and 8.6%, respectively, of Scilex s total outstanding capital stock as of September 30, 2016. Joseph Gunnar   Co., LLC provided an opinion to the Board opining that the consideration to be paid by Scintilla in the Proposed Scilex Acquisition is fair, from a financial point of view, to our stockholders.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Proposed Scilex Acquisition had not closed. The Scilex Binding Term Sheet was terminated by the parties, effective as of November 8, 2016. Accordingly, Scintilla will not complete the Proposed Scilex Acquisition. 
 On November 8, 2016, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the  Scilex Purchase Agreement ) with Scilex and a majority of the stockholders of Scilex (the  Scilex Stockholders ) pursuant to which, on November 8, 2016, we acquired from the Scilex Stockholders, and the Scilex Stockholders sold to us, approximately 72% of the outstanding capital stock of Scilex (the  Scilex Acquisition ).  
 The total value of the consideration payable to the Scilex Stockholders in the Scilex Acquisition is equal to approximately $47.6 million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments (the  Adjusted Base Consideration ). 
   At the closing of the Scilex Acquisition (the  Scilex Closing ), we issued to the Scilex Stockholders that were accredited investors (the  Accredited Scilex Stockholders ) an aggregate of 752,481 shares of Common Stock (the  Closing Shares ) based on a $6.33 per share price; provided, however, that twenty percent of the Closing Shares will be held in escrow for a period of six months, and be used, among other things, to satisfy the indemnification obligations of the Scilex Stockholders. In addition to issuing shares of  
 32 

Common Stock at the Scilex Closing, we paid cash in the aggregate amount of approximately $4,840 to Scilex Stockholders that were not accredited investors in exchange for such Scilex Stockholders  shares of the capital   stock of Scilex.  
 Subject to certain customary limitations, the Scilex Stockholders have agreed to indemnify us and our officers, directors, employees and other authorized agents against certain losses related to, among other things, breaches of Scilex s and the Scilex Stockholders  representations and warranties, certain specified liabilities and the failure to perform covenants or obligations under the Scilex Purchase Agreement.  
 Under the terms of the Scilex Purchase Agreement, we agreed to provide additional consideration to the Accredited Scilex Stockholders upon the achievement of certain milestones, as follows: (i) 10% of the Adjusted Base Consideration will be payable in shares of Common Stock upon receipt of notice from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the  FDA ) that the FDA has accepted Scilex s resubmitted new drug application for ZTlido for the treatment of postherpetic neuralgia (the  NDA ), and (ii) 80% of the Adjusted Base Consideration will be payable in shares of Common Stock upon receipt of notice from the FDA that the FDA has approved the NDA for commercialization. The Common Stock price per share to be used to calculate the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the achievement of these milestones will be based on a formula set forth in the Scilex Purchase Agreement, which provides that the Common Stock price per share will not be greater than $25.32 or less than $6.33 (in each case subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like). 
 Our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board, through one or more of his affiliated entities, and our Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer, were formerly stockholders of Scilex, held approximately 6.5% and 8.6%, respectively, of Scilex s total outstanding capital stock and sold all of their shares of the capital stock of Scilex to us in the Scilex Acquisition on the same terms as the other Scilex Stockholders. 
 In connection with the Scilex Acquisition, on November 8, 2016, we and the Accredited Scilex Stockholders entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) pursuant to which, among other things, we agreed to prepare and file one or more registration statements with the SEC for the purpose of registering for resale the Closing Shares and any additional shares of Common Stock that may be issued by us upon the achievement of milestones in accordance with the Scilex Purchase Agreement (collectively, the  Securities ). Under the Registration Rights Agreement, we must file a registration statement with the SEC registering all of the Closing Shares for resale by no later than December 8, 2016, and we will also be required to file one or more additional registration statements registering any other Securities for resale within 30 days of the issuance thereof. 
 Scintilla and Scilex agreed to terminate the Scilex Binding Term Sheet on November 8, 2016. As a result of the termination of the Scilex Binding Term Sheet, notwithstanding the provisions set forth in the Scilex Binding Term Sheet, Scintilla and Scilex agreed that the $0.5 million standstill payment that Scintilla made to Scilex pursuant to the Scilex Binding Term Sheet shall be deemed a loan made by Scintilla to Scilex, evidenced by a promissory note, dated November 8, 2016, by and between Scintilla and Scilex (the  November Scilex Note ). The November Scilex Note accrues interest at an annual rate equal to the lesser of 10.0% and the maximum interest rate permitted under law, will be due and payable in full upon the earlier of December 31, 2016 and the occurrence of an event of default, and may be prepaid in full or in part. The November Scilex Note was assigned in full by Scintilla to us on November 8, 2016.  On November 8, 2016, following the Scilex Closing, the November Scilex Note was repaid by Scilex in full. 
 On August 15, 2016, we, Scintilla and Semnur Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Semnur ) entered into a binding term sheet (the  Semnur Binding Term Sheet ) setting forth the terms and conditions by which Scintilla will, through a subsidiary, purchase all of the issued and outstanding equity of Semnur (the  Semnur Acquisition ). The Semnur Binding Term Sheet provides that, contingent upon the execution of a definitive agreement between the parties (the  Definitive Agreement ) and subject to certain conditions, Scintilla will, at the closing of the Semnur Acquisition (the  Semnur Closing ), make an initial payment of $60.0 million (the  Initial Consideration ) to the equityholders of Semnur in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding equity of Semnur. The Initial Consideration will consist of $40.0 million in cash and $20.0 million in shares of Common Stock (the  Semnur Stock Consideration ). The Semnur Binding Term Sheet also provides that the number of shares of Common Stock comprising the Semnur Stock Consideration will be calculated based on the volume weighted average closing price of our Common Stock for the 30 consecutive trading days ending on the date that is three days prior to the execution of the Definitive Agreement. $6.0 million of the Semnur Stock Consideration will be placed into escrow, a portion of which will be held for a period of up to six or 12 months to secure certain obligations of Semnur and its equityholders in connection with the Semnur Acquisition. At the Semnur Closing, we will enter into a registration rights agreement with certain of Semnur s equityholders, pursuant to which we will agree to seek the registration for resale of the shares of our common stock comprising the Semnur Stock Consideration 
 In addition to the Initial Consideration, Scintilla may pay additional consideration of up to $140.0 million to Semnur s equityholders upon Scintilla s completion of certain clinical studies and trials, receipt of certain regulatory approvals and the achievement of certain sales targets following the Semnur Closing.  
 33 

Under the Semnur Binding Term Sheet, Semnur has agreed to negotiate exclusively with us and Scintilla with respect to the Semnur Acqui  sition for a period of 60 days (the  Exclusivity Period ). The Exclusivity Period will be automatically extended for an additional 30 days in certain circumstances. If a Definitive Agreement has not been executed by the end of the Exclusivity Period, eithe  r party may terminate the Semnur Binding Term Sheet (a  Termination ). If a party elects a Termination without the other party s written consent, the party electing a Termination may be required to pay an aggregate of $5.0 million in cash to the other part  y as liquidated damages under certain circumstances.   
 As of September 30, 2016, the Semnur Acquisition had not closed. The final terms of the Semnur Acquisition are subject to the negotiation and finalization of the Definitive Agreement and any other agreements relating to the Semnur Acquisition, and the material terms of the Semnur Acquisition are expected to differ from those set forth in the Semnur Binding Term Sheet. In addition, the Semnur Closing will be subject to various customary and other closing conditions.  
 A member of the Board is Semnur s Chief Executive Officer and a member of its Board of Directors and currently owns approximately 5.5% of Semnur s total outstanding capital stock. Joseph Gunnar   Co., LLC provided an opinion to the Board opining that the consideration to be paid by Scintilla in the Semnur Acquisition is fair, from a financial point of view, to our stockholders. 
 On November 1, 2016, we loaned $5.0 million to Celularity, Inc., a research and development company ( Celularity ), pursuant to a promissory note issued to us by Celularity (the  Celularity Note ) in connection with the entry into a nonbinding term sheet by us, TNK Therapeutics, Inc., our subsidiary ( TNK ), and Celularity (the  Celularity Term Sheet ) setting forth the terms and conditions by which we or TNK, along with one or more third parties, will contribute certain assets to Celularity (the  Celularity Transaction ).  Pursuant to the terms of the Celularity Note, the loan will be due and payable in full on the earlier of November 1, 2017 and the occurrence of an event of default under the Celularity Note (the  Maturity Date ). The Celularity Note also provides that, in certain circumstances, we shall loan Celularity up to an additional $5.0 million over the next 12 months. In the event that Celularity meets certain minimum financing conditions prior to the Maturity Date, all outstanding amounts under the Celularity Note shall be forgiven.  
 The Celularity Term Sheet provides that, contingent upon the execution of a definitive agreement among the parties (the  Celularity Agreement ), concurrently with asset contributions to Celularity to be made by one or more third parties, TNK will contribute to Celularity certain assets in the area of CAR constructs for use in placenta-derived cells and cord blood-derived cells (the  Contributions ), and we will receive shares of common stock of Celularity. Pursuant to the Celularity Term Sheet, following the Contributions, we will own at least 30% of the total outstanding shares of capital stock of Celularity and will be entitled to appoint a specified number of members to the board of directors of Celularity. The final terms of the Celularity Transaction are subject to the negotiation and finalization of the Celularity Agreement and any other agreements relating to the Celularity Transaction, and the material terms of the Celularity Transaction, if consummated, may differ from those described herein or set forth in the Celularity Term Sheet. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
 Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements which are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We continually evaluate our estimates and judgments, the most critical of which are those related to income taxes and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Materially different results can occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known.  
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there were no significant changes to the items that we disclosed as our critical accounting policies and estimates in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC.  
 Results of Operations  
 The following describes certain line items set forth in our condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
 Revenues . Revenues were $2,243,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $1,103,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The net increase of $1,140,000 is primarily due to license fees from our July 2016 license agreement, partially offset by a decrease in activities under our active grants for the three months ended September 30,2016 compared to the corresponding period of 2015 and by lower sales and service revenues generated from the sale of customized reagents and providing contract development services.   
 34 

In June 2014, the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (the  NIAID ), a division of the NIH, awarded us a Phase II STTR grant to support the advanced preclinical development of human bispecific antibody therape  utics to prevent and treat   Staphylococcus aureus   (  S. aureus   or  Staph ) infections, including MRSA (the  Staph Grant III Award ). The project period for this Phase II grant covers a two-year period which commenced in June 2014, with total funds available o  f approximately $1 million per year for up to 2 years. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $135,000 and $243,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Staph Grant III Award.   
 In June 2014, we were awarded a Phase I STTR grant entitled  Anti-Pseudomonas Immunotherapy and Targeted Drug Delivery  from the NIAID. This grant will support the preclinical development of novel anti- Pseudomonas aeruginosa  mAb immunotherapy or an antibody-mediated targeted antibiotic delivery vehicle. Each modality may be an effective and safe stand-alone therapy and/or a component of a  cocktail  therapeutic option for prevention and treatment of  P. aeruginosa  infections. The project period for this Phase I grant covers a two-year period which commenced in July 2014, with total funds available of approximately $300,000 per year for up to 2 years.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $32,000 and $73,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Phase I STTR grant award. 
 In July 2014, we were awarded a Phase I STTR grant from the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ), a division of the NIH, entitled  Targeting of Myc-Max Dimerization for the Treatment of Cancer . This grant will support the preclinical development of the Myc inhibitor, which interferes with the protein-protein interaction ( PPI ) between Myc and its obligatory dimerization partner, Max, preventing sequence-specific binding to DNA and subsequent initiation of oncogenic transformation. The project period for this Phase I grant covers a one-year period which commenced in August 2014, with total funds available of approximately $225,000.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $0 and $9,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Phase I Myc grant award. 
 In August 2014, we were awarded a Phase I Small Business Technology Transfer ( SBIR ) grant from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute ( NHBLI ), a division of the NIH, entitled  Human Anti-WISP-1 Antibodies for Treatment of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis . This grant will advance our immunotherapy targeting WNT-1 Inducible Signaling Protein-1 ( WISP1 ) for the treatment of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis ( IPF ). WISP1 is a protein that has been shown to be upregulated in IPF, linked to key growth factors, cellular proliferation, hyperplasia and is correlated with late stage cancers. IPF is a fatal disease, which results in progressive loss of lung function due to fibrosis of the lungs. The project period for this Phase I grant covers a one-year period which commenced in August 2014, with total funds available of approximately $225,000.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $0 and $31,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Phase I WISP1 grant award. 
 Revenues from a human immune-oncology anti PD-L1 license agreement for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, were $13,000 and $13,000, respectively.  Revenues from our license agreement with Sevier for the three months ended September 2016 and 2015 were $1,522,000 and $0, respectively.    
 We expect that any revenue we generate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the unpredictability of the demand for products and services offered as well as the timing and amount of grant awards, research and development reimbursements and other payments received under any strategic collaborations, if any.  
 Cost of revenues . Cost of revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $418,000 and $604,000, respectively, and relate to the sale of customized reagents and providing contract development services. The costs generally include employee-related expenses including salary and benefits, direct materials and overhead costs including rent, depreciation, utilities, facility maintenance and insurance.  
   Research and Development Expenses . Research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $10,212,000 and $7,244,000, respectively. Research and development expenses include the costs to advance our CAR-T programs for solid tumors, our RTX program towards entering into future clinical trials, our biosimilar/biobetter antibodies development, costs to identify, isolate and advance human antibody drug candidates derived from our libraries as well as advancing our ADC preclinical drug candidates, preclinical testing expenses and the expenses associated with fulfilling our development obligations related to the NIH grant awards (collectively, the  NIH Grants ). Such expenses consist primarily of salaries and personnel related expenses, stock-based compensation expense, clinical development expenses, preclinical testing, lab supplies, consulting costs, depreciation and other expenses. The increase of $2,968,000 is primarily attributable to salaries and personnel related expenses and lab supplies and other preclinical related expenses. We expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we: (i) advance our CAR-T programs, (ii) advance RTX into clinical trials and pursue other potential indications, the cost of acquiring, developing and manufacturing clinical trial materials, and other regulatory operating activities, (iii) advance our biosimilar/biobetter antibodies clinical development program, (iv) incur incremental expenses associated with our efforts to further advance a number of potential product candidates into preclinical development activities, (v) continue to identify and advance a number of fully human therapeutic antibody and ADC   
 35 

pre  clinical product candidates, (vi) incur higher salary, lab supply and infrastructure costs incurred in connection with supporting all of our programs, and (vii) invest in our joint ventures or other third party agreements.   
 Acquired In-process Research and Development Expenses . Acquired in-process research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $0 and $24,068,000, respectively. Acquired in-process research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2015 include costs associated with the purchase price of the license rights from Mabtech Limited and the purchase price of the license rights from the City of Hope and the purchase price of CARgenic and BDL.  
 General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $5,267,000 and $4,711,000, respectively. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and personnel related expenses for executive, finance and administrative personnel, stock-based compensation expense, professional fees, infrastructure expenses, legal and accounting expenses and other general corporate expenses. The increase of $556,000 is primarily attributable to higher legal costs, higher salaries and related compensation expenses, consulting expenses and rent and facility expenses. We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we: (i) incur incremental expenses associated with expanded operations and development efforts, (ii) ensure compliance with our public reporting obligations, (iii) increase infrastructure costs, and (iv) invest in our joint ventures or other third party agreements.  
 Intangible Amortization . Intangible amortization for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $112,000 and $111,000, respectively, and relates to license rights being amortized on a straight line basis.  
 Gain on sale of marketable securities .  Gain on sale of marketable securities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $27,193,000 and $0, respectively.  The increase in gain on sale of marketable securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 resulted from the sale of our shares of NantKwest, Inc. common stock.  
 Gain on trading securities .  Gain on trading securities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $491,000 and $0, respectively.  The increase in gain on trading securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 represents the difference between the cost basis of our trading securities and the estimated fair value as of September 30, 2016.  
 Income (loss) on equity investments .  Income on equity investments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $323,000 and $0, respectively.  The increase in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 is due to the recognition of our portion of the income from operations from our joint venture entities which did not exist during the same period in 2015.  
 Interest Expense . Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $236,000 and $396,000, respectively. The decrease in interest expense resulted primarily from lower average borrowings under the amended and restated loan and security agreement.   
 Interest Income . Interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $26,000 and $1, respectively. We expect that continued low interest rates will significantly limit our interest income in the near term.   
 Income tax benefit . Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $195,000, and income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was $35,323,000. The decrease in income tax expense resulted mainly   from the recognition of an indefinite-lived deferred tax liability for   the three months ended September 30, 2015  .  
 Net income (loss) . Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $14,373,000 and a net loss of $939,000, respectively.  The increase in net income resulted primarily from the realized gain on the sale of marketable securities and a reduction in acquired in process research and development expenses.   
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
 Revenues . Revenues were $4,133,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $3,253,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net increase of $880,000 is primarily due to license fees from our July 2016 license agreement with Servier, partially offset by a decrease in sales and service revenues generated from the sale of customized reagents and providing contract development services and by a decrease in activities under our active grants for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of 2015.   
 36 

In June 2014, the NIAID awarded us the Staph Grant III Award. The project period for this Phase II grant covers a two-year period which commenced in June 2014, wit  h total funds available of approximately $1.0 million per year for up to 2 years. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $592,000 and $666,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Staph Grant III Award.    
 In June 2014, we were awarded a Phase I STTR grant entitled  Anti-Pseudomonas Immunotherapy and Targeted Drug Delivery  from the NIAID. This grant will support the preclinical development of novel anti- Pseudomonas aeruginosa  mAb immunotherapy or an antibody-mediated targeted antibiotic delivery vehicle. Each modality may be an effective and safe stand-alone therapy and/or a component of a  cocktail  therapeutic option for prevention and treatment of  P. aeruginosa  infections. The project period for this Phase I grant covers a two-year period which commenced in July 2014, with total funds available of approximately $300,000 per year for up to 2 years.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $256,000 and $167,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Phase I STTR grant award. 
 In July 2014, we were awarded a Phase I STTR grant from the NCI, a division of the NIH, entitled  Targeting of Myc-Max Dimerization for the Treatment of Cancer . This grant will support the preclinical development of the Myc inhibitor, which interferes with the PPI between Myc and its obligatory dimerization partner, Max, preventing sequence-specific binding to DNA and subsequent initiation of oncogenic transformation. The project period for this Phase I grant covers a one-year period which commenced in August 2014, with total funds available of approximately $225,000.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $0 and $130,000 of revenue, respectively associated with the Phase I Myc grant award. 
 In August 2014, we were awarded a Phase I SBIR grant from the NHBLI, a division of the NIH, entitled  Human Anti-WISP-1 Antibodies for Treatment of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis . This grant will advance our immunotherapy targeting WISP1 for the treatment of IPF. WISP1 is a protein that has been shown to be upregulated in IPF, linked to key growth factors, cellular proliferation, hyperplasia and is correlated with late stage cancers. IPF is a fatal disease, which results in progressive loss of lung function due to fibrosis of the lungs. The project period for this Phase I grant covers a one-year period which commenced in August 2014, with total funds available of approximately $225,000.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $52,000 and $61,000 of revenue, respectively, associated with the Phase I WISP1 grant award. 
 Revenues from a human immune-oncology anti PD-L1 license agreement for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, were $37,000 and $37,000, respectively.  Revenues from our July 2016 license agreement with Servier for the nine months ended September 2016 and 2015 were $1,523,000 and $0, respectively.    
 We expect that any revenue we generate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the unpredictability of the demand for products and services offered as well as the timing and amount of grant awards, research and development reimbursements and other payments received under any strategic collaborations, if any.  
 Cost of revenues . Cost of revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $1,072,000 and $1,427,000, respectively, and relate to the sale of customized reagents and providing contract development services. The costs generally include employee-related expenses including salary and benefits, direct materials and overhead costs including rent, depreciation, utilities, facility maintenance and insurance.   
 Research and Development Expenses . Research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $28,620,000 and $23,055,000, respectively. Research and development expenses include the costs to advance our CAR-T programs for solid tumors, our RTX program towards entering into future clinical trials, our biosimilar/biobetter antibodies development, costs to identify, isolate and advance human antibody drug candidates derived from our libraries as well as advancing our ADC preclinical drug candidates, preclinical testing expenses and the expenses associated with fulfilling our development obligations related to the NIH Grants. Such expenses consist primarily of salaries and personnel related expenses, stock-based compensation expense, clinical development expenses, preclinical testing, lab supplies, consulting costs, depreciation and other expenses. The increase of $5,565,000 is primarily attributable to increased salaries and personnel related expenses and lab supplies and other preclinical related expenses. We expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we: (i) advance our CAR-T programs, (ii) advance RTX into clinical trials and pursue other potential indications, the cost of acquiring, developing and manufacturing clinical trial materials, and other regulatory operating activities, (iii) advance our biosimilar/biobetter antibodies clinical development program, (iv) incur incremental expenses associated with our efforts to further advance a number of potential product candidates into preclinical development activities, (v) continue to identify and advance a number of fully human therapeutic antibody and ADC preclinical product candidates, (vi) incur higher salary, lab supply and infrastructure costs incurred in connection with supporting all of our programs, and (vii) invest in our joint ventures or other third party agreements.   
   Acquired In-process Research and Development Expenses . Acquired in-process research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $45,000,000 and $24,068,000, respectively. Acquired in-process research and   
 37 

development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 include costs associated with the purchase price of the license rights from Mabtech Limited and the purchase price of the license rights from the City of Hope.  Acquired in-process r  esearch and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 include costs associated with the purchase price of the license rights from Mabtech Limited, the City of Hope and the purchase of CARgenix and BDL.  
 General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $13,982,000 and $10,002,000, respectively. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and personnel related expenses for executive, finance and administrative personnel, stock-based compensation expense, professional fees, infrastructure expenses, legal and accounting expenses and other general corporate expenses. The increase of $3,980,000 is primarily attributable to higher legal costs, higher salaries and related compensation expenses, consulting expenses and rent and facility expenses. We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we: (i) incur incremental expenses associated with expanded operations and development efforts, (ii) ensure compliance with our public reporting obligations, (iii) increase infrastructure costs, and (iv) invest in our joint ventures or other third party agreements.  
 Intangible Amortization . Intangible amortization for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $334,000 and $1,046,000, respectively. The decrease in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 is due to license rights being amortized on a straight line basis through the date those assets were sold in 2015.  
 Gain on sale of marketable securities .  Gain on sale of marketable securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $27,193,000 and $0, respectively.  The increase in gain on sale of marketable securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 resulted from the sale of our shares of NantKwest, Inc., common stock.  
 Gain on trading securities .  Gain on trading securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $491,000 and $0, respectively.  The increase in gain on trading securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 represents the difference between the cost basis of our trading securities and the estimated fair value as of September 30, 2016.  
 Gain on expiration of derivative liability .  Gain on expiration of the derivative liability for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $5,520,000 and $0, respectively.  The increase in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 is due to the expiration of the unexercised derivative liability on March 31, 2016.  
 Income (loss) on equity investments .  Income on equity investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $294,000 and $0, respectively.  The increase in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 is due to the recognition of our portion of the loss from operations from our joint venture entities which did not exist during the same period in 2015.  
 Interest Expense . Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $816,000 and $1,277,000, respectively. The decrease in interest expense resulted primarily from lower average borrowings under the amended loan and security agreement.   
 Interest Income . Interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $84,000 and $1, respectively. We expect that continued low interest rates will significantly limit our interest income in the near term.   
 Income tax benefit . Income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $195,000, and tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $35,128,000. The decrease in income tax expense resulted mainly   from the recognition of an indefinite-lived deferred tax liability for   the nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  
 Net Loss . Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $48,996,000 and $22,335,000, respectively.  The increase in net loss resulted primarily from increased acquired in-process research and development expense, increased general and administrative expenses and research and development activities.   
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had $66.5 million in cash and cash equivalents attributable primarily to the net proceeds of $105.5 million from the sale of common stock and warrants under the private placements in 2016 and from $3.5 million in net proceeds from the sale of common stock through our ATM facility with MLV   Co. LLC.  Our working capital as of September 30, 2016 was $35.8 million. 
 38 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities  . Net cash used for operating activities was $54.1 million for 2016 and is primarily attributable to our net loss of $51.9 million, partially offset by approximately $1.4 million in non-cash a  ctivities relating to stock-based compensation, an increase in acquired in-process research and development and gain on expiration of derivative liability and other non-cash activities. Net cash used for operating activities was $25.9 million for 2015 and   primarily reflects a net loss of $23.5 million, which was partially offset by approximately $15.0 million in non-cash activities relating primarily to stock-based compensation and depreciation expense.   
 We expect to continue to incur substantial and increasing losses and negative net cash flows from operating activities as we expand and support our clinical and preclinical development and research activities and fund our joint ventures and collaborations.  
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities . Net cash used by investing activities was $5.0 million for 2016 as compared to cash provided of $14.3 million for 2015. The net cash used in 2016 related primarily to the equipment acquired for research and development activities. The net cash provided in 2015 related primarily to the sale of IgDraSol partially offset by investments in common stock.  
 We expect to increase our investment in equipment as we seek to expand and progress our research and development capabilities.  
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities . Net cash provided by financing activities was $86.6 million for 2016 which was primarily from the sale of common stock and warrants under the private placements in the second quarter of 2016, from the sale of common stock under our ATM facility and from the proceeds from option exercises, partially offset by the payment of principal payments under our amended and restated loan and security agreement as compared to cash used by financing activities of $1.2 million in 2015, which related primarily to payment of deferred compensation partially offset by the proceeds from option exercises.   
 Future Liquidity Needs . We have principally financed our operations through underwritten public offerings, private equity financings and sales of common stock under our ATM facility, as we have not generated any product related revenue from our principal operations to date, and do not expect to generate significant revenue for several years, if ever. We will need to raise additional capital before we exhaust our current cash resources in order to continue to fund our research and development, including our plans for clinical and preclinical trials and new product development, as well as to fund operations generally. As and if necessary, we will seek to raise additional funds through various potential sources, such as equity and debt financings, or through corporate collaboration and license agreements. We can give no assurances that we will be able to secure such additional sources of funds to support our operations, or, if such funds are available to us, that such additional financing will be sufficient to meet our needs.   
 We anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses into the foreseeable future as we: (i) advance clinical stage product candidates such as biosimilar/biobetter antibodies, CAR-T programs and RTX in the clinic and potentially pursues other development, (ii) continue to identify a number of potential mAb and ADC drug candidates and further advance various preclinical and development activities, (iii) advance our product candidates into the clinic, (iv) invest in additional joint ventures or third party collaboration or acquisition agreements, and (v) expand corporate infrastructure, including the costs associated with being a NASDAQ listed public company. Based on currently available resources, we believe we have the ability to meet all obligations due over the course of the next twelve months. 
 We plan to continue to fund our operating losses and capital funding needs through public or private equity or debt financings, strategic collaborations, licensing arrangements, asset sales, government grants or other arrangements. In November 2014, we filed a universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), which was declared effective by the SEC in December 2014 (the  2014 Shelf Registration Statement ). The 2014 Shelf Registration Statement provides us with the ability to offer up to $250 million of securities, including equity and other securities as described in the registration statement. Included in the 2014 Shelf Registration Statement is  a sales agreement prospectus covering the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $50 million of our common stock that may be issued and sold under a sales agreement with MLV   Co. LLC (the  ATM Facility ).   During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we sold approximately $3.6 million in shares of common stock under the ATM Facility.  After the first and second quarter 2016 sales activities, we have the ability to offer up to $46.4 million of additional shares of common stock under the ATM Facility.  Pursuant to these Shelf Registration Statements, we may offer such securities from time to time and through one or more methods of distribution, subject to market conditions and our capital needs. Specific terms and prices will be determined at the time of each offering under a separate prospectus supplement, which will be filed with the SEC at the time of any offering. However, we cannot be sure that such additional funds will be available on reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to secure adequate additional funding, we may be forced to make reductions in spending, extend payment terms with suppliers, liquidate assets where possible, and/or suspend or curtail planned programs. In addition, if we do not meet our payment obligations to third parties as they come due, we may be subject to litigation claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. Any of these actions could materially harm our business, results of operations, and future prospects .   
 39 

If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, substantial dilution to existin  g stockholders would result. If we raise additional funds by incurring debt financing, the terms of the debt may involve significant cash payment obligations as well as covenants and specific financial ratios that may restrict our ability to operate our bu  siness.   
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 Since our inception through September 30, 2016, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K.  
 New Accounting Pronouncements  
 Refer to Note 1,  Nature of Operations, Summary of Significant Accounting Polices and Business Activities,  in the accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.  

I  tem 3.   
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.       

 Interest Rate Risk.  Our exposure to market risk is confined to our cash and cash equivalents. We have cash and cash equivalents and invest primarily in high-quality money market funds, which we believe are subject to limited credit risk. Due to the low risk profile of our investments, an immediate 10% change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our portfolio. Our amended and restated loan and security agreement has a fixed interest rate of 7.95% per annum through the loan maturity. We do not believe that we have any material exposure to interest rate risk arising from our investments.   
 Capital Market Risk . We currently do not have significant revenues from grants or sales and services and we have no product revenues from our planned principal operations and therefore depend on funds raised through other sources. One source of funding is through future debt or equity offerings. Our ability to raise funds in this manner depends upon, among other things, capital market forces affecting our stock price.  

I  tem 4.   
 
   Controls and Procedures.     

 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s regulations, rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. As required by Rule 13a-15(b) promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q at a reasonable assurance level.  
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

40 

P  ART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

I  tem 1.   
 
   Legal Proceedings.     

 To the best of our knowledge, we are not a party to any legal proceedings that, individually or in the aggregate, are deemed to be material to our financial condition or results of operations.   
 In the normal course of business, we may be named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits. We are not a party to any outstanding material litigation and management is currently not aware of any legal proceedings that, individually or in the aggregate, are deemed to be material to our financial condition or results of operations.   
 On April 25, 2016, Wildcat Liquid Alpha, LLC ( WLA ) filed a complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware seeking an order compelling the Company to provide WLA with certain documents, books and records for inspection and copying pursuant to an April 11, 2016 demand made by WLA.  The Company believes that WLA s April 11, 2016 demand for documents and the corresponding litigation are deficient and without merit, and will vigorously defend itself against both. The Company is unable to determine whether any loss will occur with respect to this matter or to estimate the range of such potential loss; therefore, no amount of loss has been accrued by the Company as of the date of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the Company will prevail in this action or receive any relief if it does prevail. 
 On May 13, 2016, WLA filed a derivative action in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the  WLA Action ) against each of the members of the Board at the time, Henry Ji, William S. Marth, Kim D. Janda, Jaisim Shah, David H. Deming, and Douglas Ebersole (the  Prior Board ) and against the Company as nominal defendant.  After the members of the Prior Board and the Company moved to dismiss, on August 12, 2016, WLA filed an amended complaint containing both direct and derivative claims against each of the members of the Prior Board and against the Company as nominal defendant, alleging, among other things: (1) breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the formation of, and certain options and warrants issued by, certain of the Company s subsidiaries to Dr. Ji and members of the Prior Board (the  Subsidiary Options Claim  (2) breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the Company s prior announcement that it had entered into a voting agreement with Yuhan Corporation ( Yuhan ) in connection with a transaction through which it purchased $10 million of shares of our common stock and warrants (the  Yuhan Agreement Claim ) ; (3) waste of corporate assets regarding the foregoing; (4) unjust enrichment regarding the foregoing; and (5) violation of  8 Del. C.    160 based on the Yuhan voting agreement.  The Company believes that the WLA Action is without merit, and will vigorously defend itself against the action. The Company is unable to determine whether any loss will occur with respect to the WLA Action or to estimate the range of such potential loss; therefore, no amount of loss has been accrued by the Company as of the date of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the Company will prevail in this suit or receive any damages or other relief if it does prevail. 
 On September 8, 2016, Yvonne Williams filed an action both derivatively and on behalf of a purported class of stockholders in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against each of the members of the Prior Board; George Ng, the Company s Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, and Chief Legal Officer; Jeffrey Su, the Company s Executive Vice President   Chief Operating Officer; and the Company as nominal defendant, alleging: (1) breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the Subsidiary Options Claim; and (2) breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the Yuhan Agreement Claim  (the  Williams Action ).  The Company believes that the Williams Action is without merit, and will vigorously defend itself against the action.  The Company is unable to determine whether any loss will occur with respect to the Williams Action or to estimate the range of such potential loss; therefore, no amount of loss has been accrued by the Company as of the date of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the Company will prevail in this suit or receive any damages or other relief if it does prevail. 
 On June 26, 2015, Immunomedics, Inc. ( Immunomedics ) filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey (the  Immunomedics Action ) against the Board of Directors of Roger Williams Medical Center, Dr. Richard P. Junghans, Dr. Steven C. Katz, the Office of the Board of Advisors of Tufts University School of Medicine, and one or more individuals or entities to be identified later.  This complaint (the "Initial Complaint") alleged, among other things: (1) breach of contract; (2) breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (3) tortious interference with prospective economic gain; (4) tortious interference with contracts; (5) misappropriation; (6) conversion; (7) bailment; (8) negligence; (9) vicarious liability; and (10) patent infringement.  Overall, the allegations in the Initial Complaint were generally directed to an alleged material transfer agreement dated December 2008 and Immunomedics  alleged request for the return of certain alleged research material.   
   On October 22, 2015, Immunomedics filed an amended complaint (the "First Amended Complaint"), which, among other things, no longer named the Board of Directors of Roger Williams Medical Center and The Office of the Board of Advisors of Tufts University School of Medicine as defendants. Roger Williams Medical Center and Tufts Medical Center were added as new defendants.  On January 14, 2016, Immunomedics filed a second amended complaint (the "Second Amended Complaint"), which, among other things, no longer named Tufts Medical Center as a defendant.  In addition, the Second Amended Complaint contained  
 41 

allegations directed to two additional alleged material transfer agreements dated September 1993 and May 2010, respectively, and also   added an allegation of unjust enrichment.  The Second Amended Complaint also no longer asserted claims for (1) breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (2) misappropriation; (3) bailment; (4) negligence; and (5) vicarious liability.    
 On October 12, 2016, Immunomedics filed a third amended complaint (the "Third Amended Complaint"), which added the Company, TNK Therapeutics, Inc. ( TNK ), BDL Products, Inc. ( BDL ), and CARgenix Holdings LLC ( CARgenix ) as defendants.  TNK is a subsidiary of the Company and purchased BDL and CARgenix in August 2015.  The Third Amended Complaint includes, among other things, allegations against the Company, TNK, BDL and CARgenix regarding (1) conversion; (2) tortious interference; and (3) unjust enrichment.   
 The Company believes that the Immunomedics Action is without merit and will vigorously defend itself, TNK, BDL, and CARgenix against the action.  The Company is unable to determine whether any loss will occur with respect to the Immunomedics Action or to estimate the range of such potential loss.  Therefore, no amount of loss has been accrued by the Company as of the date of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the Company will prevail in this suit or receive any damages or other relief if it does prevail. 

I  tem 1A.   
 
   Risk Factors.     

 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, Part I  Item 1A, Risk Factors, describes important risk factors that could cause our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects to differ materially from those indicated or suggested by forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-Q or presented elsewhere by management from time to time. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business.  
 There have been no material changes in our risk factors since the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

I  tem 6.   
 
   Exhibits.     

 The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the exhibits are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and such Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
 42 

S  IGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.  

Date: November 9, 2016  

By:    

/s/ Henry Ji, Ph.D.   

Henry Ji, Ph.D.  

Director, Chief Executive Officer   President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 9, 2016  

By:    

/s/ Kevin M. Herde   

Kevin M. Herde  

Executive Vice President   Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

43 

EXHIBIT INDEX   

10.1*  

License  and  Collaboration Agreement, dated July 6, 2016, among Les Laboratoires Servier, SAS, Institut de Recherches Internationales Servier and Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s (File No. 001-36150) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2016).  

10.2  

Binding Term Sheet, dated August 2, 2016, among Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc., Scintilla Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

10.3  

Binding Term Sheet, dated August 15, 2016, among Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc., Scintilla Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Semnur Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

10.4  

Lease Agreement, dated September 12, 2016, between Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. and HCP Life Science REIT, Inc.  

10.5  

Amendment No. 1 to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2016, by and between TNK Therapeutics, Inc. and Jaymin Patel, as the Members  Representative.  

10.6  

Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2016, by and between TNK Therapeutics, Inc. and Richard P. Junghans, M.D., Ph.D., as the Stockholders  Representative.  

10.7  

Unit Purchase Agreement dated August 5, 2016, by and among MedoveX Corporation and the purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by MedoveX Corporation (File No. 001-36763) with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2016).  

10.8  

Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 5, 2016, by and among MedoveX Corporation and the investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by MedoveX Corporation (File No. 001-36763) with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2016).  

* The Registrant has requested confidential treatment with respect to certain portions of the exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
 44 

31.1  

Certification of Henry Ji, Ph.D., Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.  

31.2  

Certification of Kevin M. Herde, Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.  

32.1  

Certification of Henry Ji, Ph.D., Principal Executive Officer, and Kevin M. Herde, Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

* The Registrant has requested confidential treatment with respect to certain portions of the exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
   
 45  

<EX-10.2>
 2
 srne-ex102_471.htm
 EX-10.2

srne-ex102_471.htm

Exhibit 10.2 
 Confidential 
   
 BINDING TERM SHEET FOR sCILEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INc. ACQUISITION  
 AUGUST 2, 2016 

A.   Transaction:  

Scintilla will, through MergerCo, purchase 100% of the issued and outstanding equity of Scilex in a tax-free reorganization effected pursuant to Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, whereby MergerCo will merge with and into Scilex, the separate corporate existence of MergerCo shall cease and Scilex shall become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Scintilla   (the   Transaction  ).  In order to consummate the Transaction, Scintilla, Scilex and Sorrento will enter into definitive legal documentation, including without limitation, a definitive merger agreement, incorporating the terms herein and such other terms reasonably acceptable to each of the Parties (the   Transaction Documents  ).  

B.    Parties :  

The parties (  Parties  ) to the Transaction are as follows:  

Scintilla Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a subsidiary of Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.  (   Scintilla   )  
     Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.  (   Sorrento   )  
     Scilex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and its subsidiaries, if any (together,     Scilex    ) 
     Scintilla Merger Sub, Inc., a newly-created wholly-owned subsidiary of Scintilla (  MergerCo  )  

9 pages 

Confidential 
 August 2, 2016 

C.   Purchase Price:  

Subject to satisfaction of the Closing Conditions (set forth below) and provided that the FDA has not issued a letter or notice after the date of this Term Sheet (the   Effective Date  ) indicating non-approval of ZTLido (lidocaine patch 1.8%) (  Patch Product  ), Scintilla will (A) at the Closing, pay to the equityholders of Scilex as of the Closing (the   Existing Shareholders  ), an aggregate of $100 (the   Cash Payment  ), and (B) agree to pay to the Existing Shareholders, promptly following the next third party equity financing or initial public offering of Scintilla s shares of common stock in the U.S. (  Financing Event  ), an aggregate of US$70.0 million, subject to adjustment as provided in this Term Sheet (the   Purchase Price  ), in the form of shares of common stock of Scintilla, based upon the valuation of of Scintilla as of immediately following completion of such Financing Event (the   Purchase Shares    provided that  twenty percent (20%) of such Purchase Shares will be held in escrow, as described in the section titled  Escrow  below. The Cash Payment and Purchase Shares shall be paid  pro rata  based on each such Existing Shareholder s interest in Scilex (as of the Closing Date). Scintilla will not assume any options, warrants or other rights to acquire capital stock of Scilex and no options, warrants or other rights to acquire Scintilla capital stock will be issued in consideration therefore. 
   
   In the event the Financing Event is not completed by the two-year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Purchase Price shall be paid to  
  the Existing Shareholders on such date   in the form of shares of common stock of Scintilla,   based upon the   valuation of   Scintilla   as of such date which shall be determined by the Board of Directors of Scintilla in good faith  .  
   
 Subject to any restricted period prescribed by applicable law ( i.e ., all Purchase Shares will be unregistered at the time of the merger), the Existing Shareholders may freely trade and sell the Purchase Shares.     
   
 The Parties agree that they will use commercially reasonable efforts to structure the merger consideration in a tax efficient manner for the Parties, and that any such structure will be subject to the mutual agreement of the Parties.   

D.   Escrow:  

Concurrently with the issuance of the Purchase Shares to the Existing Shareholders, that number of Purchase Shares having a value equal to twenty percent (20%) of the Purchase Price, or US$14.0 million (the   Escrowed Shares  ), will be placed in a bank account in the names of the Existing Shareholders (or designated representative thereof) and an independent escrow agent (satisfactory to  Scintilla and Scilex ), and the escrow agent will release funds in such escrow account, including any interest earned thereon, to the Existing Shareholders as follows:  
   
 Six (6) months after the Closing Date, 50% of the Escrowed Shares, less the amount represented by that portion of the Escrowed Shares having a value equal to the  amount of any pending claims, settlements or awards arising out of a breach of the representations and warranties or covenants set forth in the definitive acquisition document in the Transaction, as described in the Section tittled  Claims  below, will be released. Twelve (12) months after the Closing Date, the remaining Escrowed Shares, less the amount represented by that portion of the Escrowed Shares having a value equal to the  amount of any pending claims, settlements or awards arising out of a breach of the representations and warranties or covenants set forth in the definitive acquisition document in the Transaction, as described in the Section tittled  Claims  below, will be released. 

Page 2 of 9 

Confidential 
 August 2, 2016 

E.   Due Diligence:  

Subject to the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined below), the Parties shall provide to each other and to their respective accountants, attorneys, partners, consultants, financing sources and all other representatives and agents full access, as reasonably necessary to the other s management, consultants, accountants, advisors and all other representatives, and to all properties, operating and financial data, records, agreements and other information relating to Scilex or Scintilla and to the Transaction, to the extent reasonably requested by Scilex, Scintilla or Sorrento. The Parties will use their best efforts to keep each other informed of any material  
  changes that have occurred or may occur affecting the business, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of either business.  

F.    Confidentiality :  

This Term Sheet and its terms and all related discussions and correspondence between the Parties (including any past discussions and correspondence) are confidential and subject to the terms of that certain Confidentiality Agreement by and between Scilex and Sorrento dated July 20, 2016 (the   Confidentiality Agreement  ), and in addition, neither Scilex, Scintilla nor Sorrento shall disclose the existence of this Term Sheet or its terms or any related dicussions and correspondence between the Parties without the prior written consent of the other Parties.  No public disclosure will be permitted until announcement of the execution of the definitive acquisition agreement in the Transaction, except as required by applicable law or the rules of the stock exchange upon which it is traded.  Nonetheless and notwithstanding the foregoing, all Parties acknowledge and agree that, subject to the terms set forth in this Term Sheet, Sorrento and Scintilla shall be permitted to disclose the existence and terms of this Term Sheet upon its execution.  This offer and Term Sheet should only be discussed by and between the senior officers, members of the board of directors or managers of Scilex, Scintilla and Sorrento and others (including, but not limited to, any Party s investment and banking advisors (and other financial institutions and brokers), consultants and legal counsel) as deemed necessary to accomplish the objectives of this Term Sheet.  All such individuals shall be subject to obligations of confidentiality, to the extent not covered pursuant to the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement. 

G.    Funding :  

Upon the closing of the Transaction (the  Closing ), Sorrento will transfer and contribute US$10.0 million to Scintilla. These funds shall be used by Scintilla to, among other things, fund Scilex s working capital expenses, including toward the funding of any FDA required studies for the regulatory approval of the Patch Product (  Patch Approval Activities  ), as well as mutually agreed upon development of the historic Scintilla technology to be specified in the merger agreement. 

Page 3 of 9 

Confidential 
 August 2, 2016 

H.     Claims  :   

Subject to the terms and conditions of the definitive acquisition agreement in the Transaction, the merger consideration ratio shall be adjusted for any claims and/or liabilities (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys  fees and the costs and expenses of defending any claims) arising out of, relating to or based upon allegations pertaining to:   

(i)  
 
 any inaccuracy or breach of any representation or warranty of either Party contained in the Transaction Documents;  

(ii)  
 
 any breach of any covenant by either Party contained in the Transaction Documents;  

(iii)  
 
 any liability or cost arising out of certain unpaid wage claims of certain employees and other persons who work or have worked for either Party prior to the Closing Date; and  

(iv)  
 
 any taxes, past or present, (including interest, penalties, etc.) imposed in respect of the income, business, property or operations of either Party that the surviving entity may otherwise be liable, for the period up to and including the Closing Date.  

Each Party, pursuant to the terms set forth in the definitive acquisition agreement in the Transaction, may be permitted to participate, at its own expense, in any defense of, or settlement negotiations with respect to, any third party claims.  

Page 4 of 9 

Confidential 
 August 2, 2016 

I.   Pre-  Closing   Covenants:  

Prior to the Closing, Scilex and Scintilla will:  

(i)  
 
 operate its business only in the ordinary course consistent with past practice;  

(ii)  
 
 preserve its assets and the goodwill and relationships with its partners, customers, suppliers and employees; and  

(iii)  
 
 maintain its books, records and financials in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistent with past practice.  

Prior to the Closing, Scilex will not:  

(i)  
 
 delay normally scheduled maintenance of its assets;  

(ii)  
 
 make any material capital expenditures;  

(iii)  
 
 sell, lease or license any material portion of its assets;  

(iv)  
 
 incur any long-term debt;  

(v)  
 
 enter into any material agreements;  

(vi)  
 
 change its accounting methods in any material respect;  

(vii)  
 
 commence or settle any legal proceedings;  

(viii)  
 
 declare or pay dividends; or  

(ix)  
 
 increase salaries or other compensation (other than previously scheduled increases in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice).  

These and other customary pre-Closing covenants shall be included in the Transaction Documents.  

Page 5 of 9 

Confidential 
 August 2, 2016 

J.     Closing   Conditions  :   

The obligations of the Parties to complete the Transaction contemplated herein will be subject, among other things, to the satisfaction of the following conditions:   

(i)  
 
 completion of legal, accounting, regulatory, tax, financial, technical, commercial and environmental due diligence;  

(ii)  
 
 negotiation, execution and delivery of a satisfactory and mutually acceptable definitive acquisition agreement and related Transaction Documents;  

(iii)  
 
 absence of any material adverse change in the business, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of any Party;  

(iv)  
 
 receipt of all necessary governmental, board of directors, investment committee, Existing Shareholder and third-party approvals, waivers and consents;  

(v)  
 
 absence of any action or proceeding against any Party that may affect the Transaction or the value of the surviving corporation;  

(vi)  
 
 true and correct representations and warranties by each Party;  

(vii)  
 
 as of the Closing Date, no indebtedness outstanding in any form in Scilex, except for any indebtedness which may be permitted by Scintilla, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the definitive acquisition agreement in the Transaction; and  

(viii)  
 
 forgiveness or satisfaction of all Existing Shareholder loans to Scilex.  

K.    Representations     Warranties  :   

The Transaction Documents will contain representations and warranties that are customary for transactions of this size and nature.  

L.   Dispute  Resolution :  

Any controversy, conflict or dispute of any nature arising out of or relating to this Term Sheet and the Transaction contemplated herein will be settled exclusively and finally by arbitration governed by ICC rules carried out in the State of California. Scilex and Scintilla/Sorrento will each select one arbitrator to represent them, and the two arbitrators together will select a third arbitrator for the proceedings.  

M.    Expenses   

Each Party will bear its own costs and expenses related to pursuing or consummating the Transaction contemplated hereby.    

N.   Governing Law; Entire  Agreement :  

This Term Sheet shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its or any other jurisdiction s conflicts of laws principles.  For purposes of this Term Sheet, it shall be deemed to have been executed in San Diego, California.  This Term Sheet supersedes all prior discussions and writings and constitutes, with the Confidentiality Agreement, the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  No waiver or modification of this Term Sheet will be binding upon either Party unless made in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of such Party, and no failure or delay in enforcing any right will be deemed a waiver.  In addition, this Term Sheet may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  

O.   Board of Directors  and  Officers:  

Following the Closing, the Board of Directors of the surviving corporation shall initially consist of 6 directors selected as follows: 2 directors selected by the current Scilex board and 4 directors selected by Sorrento.  Mutually agreed upon key executive officers and employees of Scilex shall be given employment agreements (with non-competition and non-solicitation provisions customary for transactions similar to the Transaction) mutually acceptable to all Parties or retained by Scintilla, the surviving entity from the merger, under mutually agreeable terms.  

Page 6 of 9 

Confidential 
 August 2, 2016 

P.    Exclusivity; Execution and Delivery of Term   Sheet   and Transaction Documents; Closing:   

Scilex agrees to negotiate exclusively with Sorrento and Scintilla with respect to the sale of its business or any merger negotiations and to cease all further negotiations with any party with respect to any other merger, acquisition or equity financing proposals prior to 5 p.m. PT on September 9, 2016 (  Standstill Period  ).  During the Standstill Period, Scilex will not directly or indirectly, other than in the ordinary course of business, or as contemplated by this Term Sheet, (i) solicit, initiate or encourage any inquiries, discussions or proposals from any other person or entity relating to a possible acquisition or merger of any part of its business, (ii) continue, solicit, encourage or enter into negotiations or discussions relating to any such possible acquisition or merger, (iii) furnish to any other person or entity any information (not already in the public domain) relating to any of its business or products or the Transaction contemplated hereby, except as required by applicable law, or (iv) enter into or consummate any agreement or understanding providing for any such possible acquisition or merger.  In exchange for such grant of exclusivity, Sorrento shall provide Scilex on the Effective Date a standstill payment of $500,000 (  Standstill Fee  ).  If the Closing occurs, the Standstill Fee shall be credited against the Purchase Price. If the Closing does not occur by or on September 9, 2015, the Standstill Fee shall be considered an investment by Sorrento in Scilex in Scilex s next third party financing (based upon the valuation of Scilex achieved for such third party financing). Scintilla shall endeavor to prepare draft Transaction Documents, including an initial draft of the definitive acquisition agreement for the Transaction, for review by and negotiation with, Scilex and its principals. The Parties shall diligently and in good faith negotiate, and endeavor to execute and deliver, the Transaction Documents on or before August 15, 2016 or another date mutually agreed upon in writing by the Parties (the   Signing Date  ).  The Closing of the Transaction (the   Closing Date  ) will occur as soon as is reasonably possible and feasible following the Signing Date and after all third-party consents and approvals and similar documents are finalized and the other closing conditions have been satisfied or waived.     

Page 7 of 9 

Confidential 
 August 2, 2016 

Q.     Intention   of Parties; Termination  

The Parties acknowledge and agree that this is a binding term sheet and shall constitute an obligation for the Parties to enter into a transaction consistent with the terms set forth herein. The Parties further acknowledge and agree that this Term Sheet does not contain all matters upon which agreement must be reached for the Transaction to be consummated. The Parties shall negotiate in good faith the definitive agreements to consummate such a transaction as promptly as possible.  Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Scintilla s, Scilex s and Sorrento s obligations herein are conditioned on the approval of the board of directors of Scintilla, Scilex and Sorrento, respectively, satisfaction of the Closing Conditions and obtaining any necessary third party consents or waivers.    
   
 Termination of this Term Sheet shall not affect any rights or binding obligations  that have accrued or arisen hereunder prior to such termination, and such rights and binding obligations shall survive the termination of this Term Sheet.   

[Signature Page Follows] 
     
 Page 8 of 9 

Confidential 
 August 2, 2016 
   
  Accepted and Agreed  , as of the Effective Date  :  

SCILEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

SCINTILLA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

/s/ Anthony Mack  

/s/ Henry Ji  

By: Anthony Mack 
 Title: President   CEO  

By: Henry Ji 
 Title: President   CEO  

Date:  
 
 August 2, 2016  

Date:  
 
 August 2, 2016  

SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

/s/ Henry Ji  

By:  Henry Ji 
 Title: President   CEO  

Date:  
 
 August 2, 2016  

Page 9 of 9 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 srne-ex103_470.htm
 EX-10.3

srne-ex103_470.htm

Exhibit 10.3   Confidential   
   
   BINDING TERM SHEET  
 August 15, 2016 
         This Binding Term Sheet sets forth certain key terms of a possible transaction (the   Transaction    ) involving Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. (  Sorrento  ),  Scintilla Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a majority owned subsidiary of Sorrento (  Acquirer    ), and Semnur Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the   Company  ).   

A.    Transaction Structure:  
 
 Acquirer would acquire all of the outstanding shares of capital stock and other equity securities of the Company by means of a reverse subsidiary merger, whereby a wholly-owned subsidiary of Acquirer (  MergerCo  ) will merge with and into the Company, the separate corporate existence of MergerCo shall cease and the Company shall become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Acquirer. 
 The terms of the Transaction will be more fully set forth in a definitive agreement, which the parties intend to enter into within 60 days following the execution of this term sheet. 
   The definitive agreement shall provide that the Transaction shall be closed on the earlier to occur of (i) the date that is 30 days following the execution of the definitive agreement or (ii) three business days after Scintilla has actually received financing sufficient to fund the Initial Consideration  .  
           Contingent upon the   execution   of the definitive agreement between the parties, Semnur shall deliver voting agreements or stockholder consents from Semnur s stockholders representing the vote or consent of stockholders required under Delaware and California law, Semnur s certificate of incorporation and Semnur s contracts with stockholders (if any), in each case,   to approve   the Transaction on behalf of Semnur s stockholders.    

1 

B.    Merger Consideration:  
 
 The aggregate purchase price to be paid by Acquirer for all of the Company s outstanding shares of capital stock and other equity securities in the Transaction would be: 
                  an initial payment of $60,000,000 (the   Initial Consideration    ), consisting of   a payment on   the closing date of (i  ) $40,000,000 in cash, and (iii) $20,000,000 in shares of common stock of Sorrento  (the   Stock Consideration  ), calculated based on the volume weighted average closing price of Sorrento s common stock, as reported on The Nasdaq Market LLC, for the 30 consecutive trading days ending on the date that is three days prior to the execution of the definitive agreement (such volume weighted average, the   Signing Trading Price  ).  
   Acquirer will not assume any options, warrants or other rights to acquire capital stock of Semnur and no options, warrants or other rights to acquire Acquirer capital stock will be issued in consideration therefore.  The Company s options outstanding as of the date hereof will be accelerated and cancelled at closing in exchange for the right to receive the applicable portion of the merger consideration as it becomes payable.  Prior to closing, the Company may determine (at its election) to grant new options from its available option pool and provide that such options will either be (A) substituted for a right receive the applicable portion of the merger consideration as it is paid, subject to post-closing vesting terms set by the Company (provided, that such options are granted in compliance with the Company s option plan and applicable law (including 409A)), or (B) accelerated at closing and treated in the same manner as the options of the Company that are outstanding on the date hereof;  provided that  the grant of such new options will not increase the amount of the Initial Consideration or the Stock Consideration.  The allocation of consideration among the equityholders of the Company shall calculate the payments to be made to optionholders on the treasury stock method.   

2 

the following one-time milestone payments, payable in cash: 
 o     $20,000,000, upon completion of the first successful Phase III clinical study of a Company Product;   
 o     $10,000,000, upon completion of the second successful Phase III clinical trial of a Company Product;  
 o     $40,000,000, upon the first U.S. FDA approval of an NDA for a Company Product;   
 o     $10,000,000, upon the first approval of an MAA for a Company Product in Europe (EMA or the UK, Germany, France, Italy or Spain);    
 o     $30,000,000, upon achievement of the first $100,000,000 in net sales of a Company Product; and   
 o     $30,000,000, upon achievement of the first $250,000,000 in net sales of a Company Product.  
 For clarity, the aggregate purchase price shall not exceed $200,000,000.   
 Sorrento will guarantee the obligations of Scintilla to pay the Initial Consideration.  After the closing and following the payment of the Initial Consideration, Sorrento will (A) cause Scintilla to have $5 million in cash-on-hand (after the payment of the Initial Consideration) to be available for Scintilla to fund its operations (including to support the achievement of the milestone payments contemplated above); and (B) will use commercially reasonable efforts to assist Scintilla to obtain funding necessary to achieve and satisfy the milestone payments contemplated above.  

3 

C.    Additional Earnout Terms:  
 
  Company Product  and  successful completion  of a Phase III clinical trial will be defined in the definitive agreement governing the Transaction; in any case, filing of a complete NDA or MAA will be deemed to satisfy the above-described Phase III completion milestones.   
       The definitive agreement will (i) provide reasonable due diligence provisions with respect to development of a Company Product and (ii) provide accredited investors with customary   demand registration rights for registration promptly following the closing of the shares of Sorrento stock issued in the Transaction and customary piggyback registration rights (it being understood that registration rights for non-accredited investors will be mutually agreed upon by the Company and Acquirer following Acquirer s due diligence).  Sorrento will enter into a customary registration rights agreement with the accredited stockholders providing for such registration rights.  

D.    Adjustments:  
 
             The definitive agreement shall not include any closing purchase price adjustments, except that the Company will be debt-free at closing.  Cash held at the Company will be used to pay (i) the costs and expenses of the Company in connection with or related to   the Transaction, (ii) debt of the Company as of the closing, (iii) year-end bonuses (pro rated to closing) for employees and consultants who either (a) do not receive an offer to become an employee or consultant of Sorrento or Acquirer upon closing or (b) are contractually entitled, as of the date of this term sheet, to receive a bonus from the Company upon or before the closing, in any case in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000, (iv) accumulated PTO as of the closing and (v) a customary D O tail policy (collectively, the   Permitted Costs  ).  Any   cash remaining in the Company at closing will remain with the Company. The Company (i)   will not distribute any cash held   at the Company to its stockholders or other equityholders, (ii) will manage and use its cash-on-hand in the ordinary course of business, provided that the Company may pay the Permitted Costs and (iii) shall consult with Acquirer prior to making any material payments that are not consistent with past practice.    

4 

E.    Escrow:  
 
   $6 million of the Stock Consideration (valued at the Signing Trading Price) will be placed in escrow for satisfaction of any indemnity obligations of the Company and its equityholders as agreed to in the definitive agreements.  Half of the remaining escrow (the   Initial Escrow  )   will be released on the date that is 6 months after the closing (subject to retention reasonably expected to satisfy any claims pending as of such 6-month date, but in no event less than any amount claimed by a third party for which Acquirer or Sorrento may be entitled to indemnification), which retention shall be calculated solely based on the amount of the Initial Escrow and without considering the remaining portion of the escrow, and the remaining portion of the escrow will be released on the date that is 12 months after the closing, subject to retention reasonably expected to satisfy any pending claims at such time, but in no event less than any amount claimed by a third party for which Acquirer or Sorrento may be entitled to indemnification.  

F.     Representations, Warranties and Other Provisions:  
 
 The definitive agreement will contain representations, warranties, covenants and closing conditions, including absence of a material adverse event or effect, that are customary for a transaction of this nature. 
 The definitive agreements will not include any financing contingencies. 
           Promptly following the date of this Binding Term Sheet, Acquirer and   the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to   prepare audited and interim   financial statements for the Company, as determined by Acquirer (collectively, the   Financial Statements  ),  provided that  Acquirer shall bear the fees and costs of the auditors auditing and reviewing the Financial Statements (the   Financial Statement Costs  ).   

5 

G.    Due Diligence:  
 
       The parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to each other and, subject to the execution of reasonably agreed upon confidentiality agreements, to their respective accountants, attorneys, partners, consultants, financing sources and other representatives and agents, in each case, who have a need to access such information in connection with (and which the receiving party shall use solely for the purpose of) such party s determination whether to enter into the Transaction, reasonable access, as reasonably necessary to the other s management, consultants, accountants, advisors and other representatives in each case that are aware of the Transaction and to the properties, operating and financial data, records, agreements and other information relating to the parties and to the Transaction, in each case, to the extent reasonably requested by the parties. The parties will use their   commercially reasonable efforts to respond promptly to information requests from the other party as is reasonable and customary in the course of due diligence for transactions of this type.  

6 

H.    Exclusivity:  
 
                       Until 5:00PM Pacific Time on October 14, 2016 (the   Expiration Date    ), the Company shall not directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or knowingly   encourage any inquiries,   discussions or proposals from any person or entity other than Acquirer   and its affiliates (each, together with its and their affiliates, a   Third Party    ) relating to a possible Acquisition Proposal (as defined below), (ii) continue, solicit, knowingly encourage or enter into negotiations or discussions relating to any such possible Acquisition Proposal, (iii) furnish to any Third Party in connection with an Acquisition Proposal any information (not already in the public domain) relating to any of the Company s business, shares, assets or the Transaction contemplated hereby, except as required by applicable law, or (iv) enter into or consummate any agreement or understanding providing for any Acquisition Proposal;  provided ,  however , the Company s obligations under this paragraph shall terminate and be void (and the  Expiration Date  shall be deemed to automatically occur) if (A)   Acquirer proposes to the Company either orally or in writing   any terms for the Transaction that contravene   any of the terms set forth in the sections A, B, C, D or E of this Binding Term Sheet (any such proposal by Acquirer, a   Contravening Proposal  ) and (B) Acquirer does not permanently revoke in writing (which revocation may be sent by email to the signatories hereto) such proposal within 24 hours of the Company s delivery to the Acquirer of a written notice (which notice may be sent by email to  
  the signatories hereto  )   that   the Company   considers such proposal to constitute a Contravening Proposal  ; and,   provided further that     unless   the Expiration Date has already   occurred  ,   the Expiration Date shall be automatically extended to 5:00PM Pacific Time on     November 13, 2016   in the event that as of 5:00PM Pacific Time on     October 14, 2016  , the parties are in negotiations regarding the definitive agreement for the Transaction and have   each provided to the other party   one or more drafts of such definitive agreement during the two-week period immediately prior thereto  .  
 For purposes of this provision,   Acquisition Proposal   shall mean any offer or proposal by a Third Party to engage with the Company in any transaction or series of related transactions involving: (i) any purchase or other acquisition by a Third Party of ten percent or more of the capital stock of the Company (other than pursuant to the grant or exercise of equity awards to employees or consultants in the ordinary course of business or as contemplated herein, the issuance of shares of preferred stock to current stockholders of the Company pursuant to contractual obligations of the Company as of the date hereof, or the conversion of preferred stock of the Company outstanding on the date hereof into common stock of the Company);  provided that  (without limiting the foregoing parenthetical) no more than 50% of such ten percent of the capital stock of the Company shall be sold or issued to any party that is not a stockholder of the Company as of the date of this Term Sheet; (ii) any direct or indirect purchase or other acquisition by any Third Party of a material portion of the assets of the Company (other than the sale or license of products in the ordinary course of business);  provided that , for purposes of this clause (ii),  material  shall include, without limitation, any intellectual property of the Company and any asset (or related assets) of the Company, in either case (or in the aggregate), with a value equal to 10% or more of the book value of all of the Company s assets measured as of immediately prior to such purchase or other acquisition; or (iii) any merger, consolidation or other similar transaction involving the Company.  

I.    Transaction Expenses:  
 
         Each party shall pay its own legal fees, financial advisory fees and other expenses incurred in connection with the Transaction;  provided that    Acquirer   shall pay the Financial Statement Costs.  

J.    Governing Law:  
 
     This Binding Term Sheet will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of laws.   

7 

K.    Termination:  
 
                   If the parties hereto have not entered into a binding definitive agreement by the Expiration Date with respect to the Transaction,  
    either party may terminate this   Binding Term Sheet   and abandon the Transaction,   and no party shall have any     further obligation or liability     hereunder  ;   provided, that  , notwithstanding   the foregoing, (A) if  , without the written permission (including by email) of the Company,       Acquirer   or Sorrento   informs the Company   prior to such termination that it would not enter into the definitive agreement  s     unless   one or more of   the terms of the Transaction set forth in   the   last   paragraph   of Section A,   or in   Section B  , Section D  ,     Section E  ,   or   Section I       above are modified,   Acquirer   shall     (and Sorrento shall cause the Acquirer to)   pay the Company an aggregate of $5,000,000   in cash as liquidated damages, and not as a penalty  , which payment     shall be made within seven days of such termination; and (B) if  , without the written permission (including by email) of   Acquirer   or Sorrento,   the Company informs the Acquirer prior to such termination that it would not enter into the definitive agreement unless one or more of the terms of the Transaction set forth in   the last paragraph   of   Section A, or in Section B, Section D, Section E, or Section I      above are modified, the Company shall   pay   the Acquirer an aggregate of $5,000,000   in cash as liquidated damages, and not as a penalty  , which payment shall be made within seven days of such termination.      The parties acknowledge and agree that $5,000,000 constitutes a reasonable good faith estimate of the potential damages arising from the foregoing matters, it being otherwise difficult or impossible to estimate   a party s   actual damages   that   would be suffered by   such party   in the event of   any such matter.  
 If a party makes a payment contemplated pursuant to this section, then (A) such payment shall be the sole and exclusive remedy under this Binding Term Sheet of the party receiving such amount and (B) the party receiving such amount (and its affiliates) shall not be entitled to bring or maintain any other claim, action or proceeding against any party to this Binding Term Sheet or any other person arising under or in connection with this Binding Term Sheet.  Under no circumstances shall a party be required to make more than one payment contemplated under this section.  

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
   
 8 

The parties have executed this Binding Term Sheet as of the date first above written.  

Semnur Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

By:  

/s/ Mahendra G. Shah  

Name:  

Mahendra G. Shah  

Title:  

Executive Chairman  

Scintilla Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.  

By:  

/s/ Henry Ji, Ph.D.  

By:  

/s/ Henry Ji, Ph.D.  

Name:  

Henry Ji, Ph.D.  

Name:  

Henry Ji, Ph.D.  

Title:  

President   CEO  

Title:  

President   CEO  

9 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 4
 srne-ex104_472.htm
 EX-10.4

srne-ex104_472.htm

Exhibit 10.4 
  SORRENTO GATEWAY  LEASE  
 This Lease (the   Lease    ), dated as of the date set forth in  Section 1  of the Summary of Basic Lease Information (the   Summary    ), below, is made by and between HCP LIFE SCIENCE REIT, INC., a Maryland corporation (  Landlord    ), and SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS, INC., a Delaware corporation (  Tenant    ). 
  SUMMARY OF BASIC LEASE INFORMATION  

TERMS OF LEASE  
 
 DESCRIPTION  

1.           Date:  
 
 September 8, 2016  

2.           Premises ( Article 1 ).  

2.1       Building:  
 
 That certain two (2)-story building located at 4955 Directors Place, San Diego, California 92121.  

2.2       Premises:  
 
 All of the approximately 76,687 rentable square feet of space located in the Building (and including Tenant s Share of that certain 2,454 rentable square feet of space located in the ancillary amenities building within the Project and Tenant shall have the right to access and use such amenities to the same extent as the other tenants of the Project), as further set forth in  Exhibit A  to the Lease.  

3.           Lease Term ( Article 2 ).  

3.1       Length of Term:  
 
 Approximately eight (8) years and nine (9) months.  

3.2       Lease Commencement Date:  
 
 The earlier to occur of (i) the date upon which Tenant first commences to conduct business in more than fifty percent (50%) of the Premises, and (ii) the date upon which the Premises are  Ready for Occupancy  pursuant to the Tenant Work Letter, which is anticipated to be March 1, 2017.  

3.3       Lease Expiration Date:  
 
 November 30, 2025.  

4.           Base Rent ( Article 3 ):  

HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

*The calculation of the Monthly Installment of Base Rent reflects an annual increase of 3%, rounded to the nearest cent, after every twelve (12) Lease Month period. 
 **Tenant s obligation to pay the Monthly Installment of Base Rent otherwise attributable to the Premises shall be subject to the terms and conditions of  Section 3.2  of this Lease. 

5.           Tenant Improvement Allowance ( Exhibit B ):  
 
 An amount equal to $2,784,045.00 (i.e., an amount equal to $35.00 per rentable square feet in the Premises, plus an additional $100,000.00); provided, however, the foregoing amount may be increased by up to an additional $50.00 per rentable square foot of the Premises in accordance with the terms and conditions of  Sections 2.1.2 ,  2.1.3  and  2.1.4  of the Tenant Work Letter.  

6.           Tenant s Share ( Article 4 ):  
 
 One hundred percent (100%).  

7.           Permitted Use ( Article 5 ):  
 
 The Premises shall be used only for general office, research and development, manufacturing and/or laboratory uses, including, but not limited to, administrative offices and other lawful uses reasonably related to or incidental to such specified uses, all (i) consistent with first class life sciences projects in San Diego, California (  First Class Life Sciences Projects  ), and (ii) in compliance with, and subject to, applicable laws and the terms of this Lease.  

8.           Security Deposit ( Article 21 ):  
 
 $1,064,911.92  

-2-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

9  .             Parking     (  Article     28  ):   
 
 Two Hundred and Twenty-Two (222) unreserved parking spaces ( i.e ., two and nine-tenths (2.9) unreserved parking spaces for every 1,000 rentable square feet of the Premises), in accordance with  Article 28  of this Lease.  

10.         Address of Tenant ( Section 29.18 ):  
 
 Sorrento Therapeutics 9380 Judicial Drive San Diego, California 92121 Attention:  Kevin Herde, CFO (Prior to Lease Commencement Date) 
 and 
 Sorrento Therapeutics 4955 Directors Place San Diego, California 92121 Attention:  Kevin Herde, CFO (After Lease Commencement Date)  

11.         Address of Landlord ( Section 29.18 ):  
 
 See  Section 29.18  of the Lease.  

12.         Broker(s) ( Section 29.24 ):  
 
  Representing Tenant :  Avison Young  and   Representing Landlord :  CBRE  

-3-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

1.    PREMISES, BUILDING, PROJECT, AND COMMON AREAS                            
 1.1   Premises, Building, Project and Common Areas . 
   1.1.1   The Premises .  Landlord hereby leases to Tenant and Tenant hereby leases from Landlord the premises set forth in  Section 2.2  of the Summary (the   Premises    ).  The outline of the Premises is set forth in  Exhibit A  attached hereto.  The outline of the   Building     and the   Project ,  as those terms are defined in  Section 1.1.2  below, are further depicted on the Site Plan attached hereto as  Exhibit A-1 .  The parties hereto agree that the lease of the Premises is upon and subject to the terms, covenants and conditions herein set forth, and Tenant covenants as a material part of the consideration for this Lease to keep and perform each and all of such terms, covenants and conditions by it to be kept and performed and that this Lease is made upon the condition of such performance.  The parties hereto hereby acknowledge that the purpose of  Exhibit A  is to show the approximate location of the Premises only, and such Exhibit is not meant to constitute an agreement, representation or warranty as to the construction of the Premises, the precise area thereof or the specific location of the   Common Areas ,  as that term is defined in  Section 1.1.3 , below, or the elements thereof or of the accessways to the Premises or the  Project,  as that term is defined in  Section 1.1.2 , below.  Except as specifically set forth in this Lease and in the Tenant Work Letter attached hereto as  Exhibit B  (the   Tenant Work Letter    ), Landlord shall not be obligated to provide or pay for any improvement work or services related to the improvement of the Premises.  Tenant also acknowledges that neither Landlord nor any agent of Landlord has made any representation or warranty regarding the condition of the Premises, the Building or the Project or with respect to the suitability of any of the foregoing for the conduct of Tenant s business, except as specifically set forth in this Lease and the Tenant Work Letter.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Lease and the Tenant Work Letter, the taking of possession of the Premises by Tenant shall conclusively establish that the Premises and the Building were at such time in good and sanitary order, condition and repair.  For purposes of Section 1938 of the California Civil Code, Landlord hereby discloses to Tenant, and Tenant hereby acknowledges, that the Premises have not undergone inspection by a Certified Access Specialist (CASp).  Subject to   Applicable Laws ,  as that term is defined in  Article 24  of this Lease, and the other provisions of this Lease, and except in the event of an emergency, Tenant shall have access to the Premises twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week, every day of the year. 
   1.1.2   The Building and The Project .  The Premises constitutes the entire building set forth in  Section 2.1  of the Summary (the   Building    ).  The Building is part of an office-building project commonly known as  Sorrento Gateway.   The term   Project ,  as used in this Lease, shall mean (i) the Building and the Common Areas, (ii) the land (which is improved with landscaping, parking facilities and other improvements) upon which the Building and the Common Areas are located, (iii) the other building located at 4939 Directors Place, San Diego (the   4939 DP Building    ), which 4939 DP Building is located adjacent to the Building and the land upon which such 4939 DP Building is located, and (iv) at Landlord s discretion, any additional real property, areas, land, buildings or other improvements added thereto outside of the Project. 
   1.1.3   Common Areas .  Tenant shall have the non-exclusive right to use in common with other tenants in the Project, and subject to the rules and regulations referred to in  Article 5  of this Lease, those portions of the Project which are provided, from time to time, for use in common by Landlord, Tenant and any other tenants of the Project (such areas, together with such other portions of the Project designated by Landlord, in its discretion, are collectively referred to herein as the   Common Areas    ).  The manner in which the Common Areas are maintained and operated shall be at the sole discretion of Landlord and the use thereof shall be subject to such rules, regulations and restrictions as Landlord may make from time to time.  Landlord reserves the right to close temporarily, make alterations or additions to, or change the location of elements of the Project and the Common Areas.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that there are currently no Common Areas within the Building as Tenant is the only tenant within the Building as of the date of this Lease. 
     1.1.4   Condition of Building Systems .  Notwithstanding anything set forth in  Section 1.1.1 , above, to the contrary, Landlord shall cause the   Building Systems ,  as that term is defined in  Section 7 , below, which serve the Premises to be in good working condition and repair upon the Lease Commencement Date.  The foregoing shall not be deemed to require Landlord to replace any of the Building Systems, as opposed to repair any Building Systems, unless and to the extent the repair of such Building Systems, or portion thereof, would not be commercially reasonable under the circumstances.  In addition, Landlord hereby covenants that the Building  

-4-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

Systems serving the Premises (the      Warrantied Item     ) shall remain in good working condition for a period of twelve (12) months following the Lease Commencement Date.      Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, Landlord shall, at Landlord     s sole cost and expense (which shall not be deemed an      Operating Expense,      as that term is defined in   Article     4  ), repair or replace any portion of the Warrantied Item during such twelve (12) month period which is not in good working condition (     Landlord s 12 Month Warranty     ), provided that (i) the need to repair or replace was not caused (A) by the misuse, misconduct, damage, destruction, omissions, and/or negligence of Tenant, its subtenants and/or assignees, if any, or any company which is acquired, sold or merged with Tenant (collectively,      Tenant Damage     ), or (B) by any modifications, Alterations or improvements constructed by or on behalf of Tenant, and (ii) Landlord has reasonably approved Tenant     s Building Systems vendors (     Building Systems Vendors     ) and corresponding maintenance operating plans (     Maintenance Plans     ) and such Building Systems Vendor conducts quarterly inspections in compliance with the Maintenance Plan.      Landlord     s 12 Month Warranty shall not extend to the costs of normal and customary preventive maintenance relating to the Warrantied Item.      To the extent repairs which Landlord is required to make pursuant to this   Section     1.1.  4   are necessitated in part by Tenant Damage, then Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for an equitable proportion of the cost of such repair.      If it is determined that the Warrantied Item was not in good working condition and repair as of the Lease Commencement Date, Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for any damages, but, subject to   Section     19.5.2  ,   below, as Tenant     s sole remedy, Landlord, at no cost to Tenant, shall promptly commence such work or take such other action as may be necessary to place the same in good working condition and repair, and shall thereafter diligently pursue the same to completion.      The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the terms of this   Section     1.1.  4   does not affect Landlord s obligations to repair and maintain the Building, including without limitation, Landlord s obligation to repair and maintain the Building Systems and the Building Structure, pursuant to the express terms and conditions of   Section     7   of this Lease.  
 1.2   Rentable Square Feet of Premises .  The rentable square footage of the Premises is hereby deemed to be as set forth in  Section 2.2  of the Summary, and shall not be subject to measurement or adjustment during the Lease Term. 
   1.3   Right of First Offer .  Landlord hereby grants to the originally named Tenant herein (  Original Tenant    ), and any assignee of Original Tenant s entire interest in the Lease pursuant to the terms of  Section 14.8 , below (a   Permitted Assignee  ), a one-time right of first offer with respect to any space becoming available in the 4939 BP Building (the   First Offer Space    ).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, such first offer right of Tenant shall commence only following the expiration or earlier termination of the initial lease (each, an   Interim Lease  ) of the First Offer Space (or applicable portion thereof) entered into by Landlord after the date of this Lease (including renewals and extensions, whether pursuant to rights existing in such Interim Lease or thereafter granted) of the First Offer Space (or applicable portion thereof).  Tenant s right of first offer shall be on the terms and conditions set forth in this  Section 1.3 . 
 1.3.1   Procedure for Offer .  Prior to leasing all or any portion of the First Offer Space to any third party for a period commencing after the expiration or early termination of an Interim Lease with respect to the First Offer Space (or applicable portion thereof), Landlord shall notify Tenant (a   First Offer Notice    ) when the First Offer Space or any portion thereof becomes available for lease to third parties.  A First Offer Notice shall describe the space so offered to Tenant.  The rentable square footage of the space so offered to Tenant shall be as set forth in the First Offer Notice. 
     1.3.2   Procedure for Acceptance .  If Tenant wishes to exercise its right of first offer with respect to the space described in a First Offer Notice, then within ten (10) days of delivery of such First Offer Notice to Tenant (  Offer Exercise Period  ), Tenant shall deliver notice to Landlord of Tenant s intention to exercise its right of first offer with respect to the entire space described in such First Offer Notice.  If Tenant timely exercises its right of first offer as set forth herein, Landlord and Tenant shall, within five (5) business days after Landlord s receipt of Tenant s notice, meet and discuss the lease of the space described in such First Offer Notice from Landlord to Tenant (the   First Offer Meeting    ).  If Landlord and Tenant do not reach agreement as to the material economic terms of the lease of such space within five (5) business days after the First Offer Meeting (the   First Offer Negotiation Period  ), then Tenant shall have the right to irrevocably exercise its option to lease the space described in the First Offer Notice but have the material economic terms of the lease of such space determined pursuant to the terms of  Section 2.2.3  of this Lease, below, by delivering written notice of such exercise (the   Irrevocable Exercise Notice    ) to Landlord prior to the expiration of the First Offer Negotiation Period.  If  

-5-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

Landlord and Tenant do not reach agreement as to the material economic terms of the lease of such space prior to the expiration of the First Offer Negotiation Period and Tenant fails to timely deliver an Irrevocable Exercise Notice, then Tenant will not be required to lease the First Offer Space and Landlord, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall have the right to terminate negotiations with Tenant and to lease the space described in the First Offer Notice to anyone whom Landlord desires on any terms which Landlord desires.      Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant must elect to exercise its right of first offer, if at all, with respect to all of the space offered by Landlord to Tenant at any particular time, and Tenant may not elect to lease only a portion thereof.      If Tenant does not exercise its right of first offer with respect to any space described in a First Offer Notice or if Tenant fails to respond to a First Offer Notice prior to the expiration of the Offer Exercise Period, then Tenant     s right of first offer as set forth in this   Section     1.3   shall terminate as to the space set forth in the First Offer Notice.  
 1.3.3   First Offer Space Rent .  The annual  Rent,  as that term is defined in  Section 4.1  of this Lease, payable by Tenant for the First Offer Space (the   First Offer Rent    ) shall be equal to the Rent agreed between Landlord and Tenant, or, if Tenant timely delivers an Irrevocable Exercise Notice, then the  Fair Rental Value,  as that term is defined in  Section 2.2.2  of this Lease, for the First Offer Space, as of the  First Offer Commencement Date,  as that term is defined in  Section 1.3.5  of this Lease. 
 1.3.4   Construction In First Offer Space .  Tenant shall accept the First Offer Space in its then existing  as is  condition.  The construction of improvements in the First Offer Space shall comply with the terms of  Article 8  of this Lease. 
   1.3.5   Amendment to Lease .  If Tenant timely exercises Tenant s right to lease First Offer Space as set forth herein, then, within thirty (30) days thereafter, Landlord and Tenant shall execute an amendment to this Lease for such First Offer Space upon the terms and conditions as set forth in the First Offer Notice therefor and this  Section 1.3 ; provided, however that if the First Offer Rent has not been determined at the time the parties enter into such lease amendment, then Tenant shall pay rent for the First Offer Space in accordance with the terms of  Section 2.2.3.8  below.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the failure of Landlord and Tenant to execute and deliver such First Offer Space amendment shall not affect an otherwise valid exercise of Tenant s first offer rights or the parties  rights and responsibilities in respect thereof.  Tenant shall commence payment of Rent for such First Offer Space, and the term of such First Offer Space shall commence, upon the date of delivery of such First Offer Space to Tenant (the   First Offer Commencement Date    ) and terminate on the date set forth in the First Offer Notice therefor. 
 1.3.6   Termination of Right of First Offer .  The rights contained in this  Section 1.3  shall be personal to Original Tenant and any Permitted Assignee, and may only be exercised by Original Tenant or a Permitted Assignee (and not by any other assignee, sublessee or  Transferee,  as that term is defined in  Section 14.1  of this Lease, of Tenant s interest in this Lease) if Original Tenant or Permitted Assignee, as applicable, occupies not less than seventy-five percent (75%) of the Premises.  Tenant shall not have the right to lease First Offer Space, as provided in this  Section 1.3 , if, as of the date of the attempted exercise of any right of first offer by Tenant, or as of the scheduled date of delivery of such First Offer Space to Tenant, Tenant is in default under this Lease or Tenant has previously been in default under this Lease more than twice during the immediately preceding twelve (12) month period. 
     2.   LEASE TERM; OPTION TERM            
   2.1   Lease Term .  The terms and provisions of this Lease shall be effective as of the date of this Lease.  The term of this Lease (the   Lease Term    ) shall be as set forth in  Section 3.1  of the Summary, shall commence on the date set forth in  Section 3.2  of the Summary (the   Lease Commencement Date    ), and shall terminate on the date set forth in  Section 3.3  of the Summary (the   Lease Expiration Date    ) unless this Lease is sooner terminated as hereinafter provided.  For purposes of this Lease, the term   Lease Month     shall mean each monthly period during the Lease Term; provided that the first (1 st ) Lease Month of the Lease Term shall commence on the Lease Commencement Date and end on the last day of the first (1 st ) full calendar month of the Lease Term, and the last Lease Month shall end on the Lease Expiration Date; and provided further that, if applicable, the first (1 st ) Lease Month of the Option Term shall commence on the first (1 st ) day of the Option Term and end on the last day of the first (1 st ) full calendar month of the Option Term, and the last Lease Month of the Option Term shall end on the last  

-6-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

day of the Option Term.      At any time during the Lease Term, Landlord may deliver to Tenant a notice in the form as set forth in   Exhibit     C  ,     attached hereto, as a confirmation only of the information set forth therein, which Tenant shall execute and return to Landlord within five (5)     days of receipt thereof.  
   2.2   Option Term . 
 2.2.1   Option Right .  Landlord hereby grants the Original Tenant, and any Permitted Assignee, one (1) option to extend the Lease Term for a period of five (5) years (the   Option Term  ).  Such option to extend shall be exercisable only by written notice delivered by Tenant to Landlord not more than fifteen (15) months nor less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the initial Lease Term, stating that Tenant is thereby irrevocably exercising its option to lease the Premises during the Option Term.  Upon the proper exercise of the option to extend, and provided that, at Landlord s option, as of the date of delivery of such notice, Tenant is not in default under this Lease and has not previously been in default under this Lease more than twice during the preceding twelve (12) month period, and as of the end of the initial Lease Term, Tenant is not in default under this Lease, the Lease Term shall be extended for a period of five (5) years.  The rights contained in this  Section 2.2  shall be personal to Original Tenant and any Permitted Assignee (and not any other assignee, sublessee or  Transferee,  as that term is defined in  Section 14.1 , below, of Tenant s interest in this Lease). 
   2.2.2   Option Rent .  The annual Rent payable by Tenant during the Option Term (the   Option Rent    ) shall be equal to (i) the  Fair Rental Value,  as that term is defined below, for the Premises as of the commencement date of the Option Term for the first year of the Option Term (i.e., December 1, 2025 - November 30, 2026), and (ii) one hundred three percent (103%) of the prior year s Option Rent for each subsequent year of the Option Term.  The   Fair Rental Value ,  as used in this Lease, shall be equal to the annual rent per rentable square foot (including additional rent and considering any  base year  or  expense stop  applicable thereto), including all escalations, at which tenants (pursuant to leases consummated within the twelve (12) month period preceding the first day of the Option Term), are leasing non-sublease, non-encumbered, non-equity space which is not significantly greater or smaller in size than the subject space, for a comparable lease term, in an arm s length transaction, which comparable space is located in the  Comparable Buildings,  as that term is defined in this  Section 2.2.2 , below (transactions satisfying the foregoing criteria shall be known as the   Comparable Transactions  ), taking into consideration the following concessions (the   Concessions  ):  (a) rental abatement concessions, if any, being granted such tenants in connection with such comparable space; (b) tenant improvements or allowances provided or to be provided for such comparable space, and taking into account the value, if any, of the existing improvements in the subject space, such value to be based upon the age, condition, design, quality of finishes and layout of the improvements; and (c) other reasonable monetary concessions being granted such tenants in connection with such comparable space; provided, however, that in calculating the Fair Rental Value, no consideration shall be given to any period of rental abatement, if any, granted to tenants in comparable transactions in connection with the design, permitting and construction of tenant improvements in such comparable spaces.  The Fair Rental Value shall additionally include a determination as to whether, and if so to what extent, Tenant must provide Landlord with financial security, such as a letter of credit or guaranty, for Tenant s Rent obligations in connection with Tenant s lease of the Premises during the Option Term.  Such determination shall be made by reviewing the extent of financial security then generally being imposed in Comparable Transactions from tenants of comparable financial condition and credit history to the then existing financial condition and credit history of Tenant (with appropriate adjustments to account for differences in the then-existing financial condition of Tenant and such other tenants).  The Concessions (A) shall be reflected in the effective rental rate (which effective rental rate shall take into consideration the total dollar value of such Concessions as amortized on a straight-line basis over the applicable term of the Comparable Transaction (in which case such Concessions evidenced in the effective rental rate shall not be granted to Tenant)) payable by Tenant, or (B) at Landlord s election, all such Concessions shall be granted to Tenant in kind.  The term   Comparable Buildings     shall mean the Building, the 4939 DP Building and those other first-class laboratory and R D buildings located in the Sorrento Mesa Area of San Diego, California that are comparable in age (based on the date of original construction or the latest major renovation) location, quality of construction, services and amenities. 
     2.2.3   Determination of Option Rent .  In the event Tenant timely and appropriately exercises an option to extend the Lease Term, Landlord shall notify Tenant of Landlord s determination of the Option Rent on or before the Lease Expiration Date.  If Tenant, on or before the date which is thirty (30) days following the date upon which Tenant receives Landlord s determination of the Option Rent, in good faith objects to Landlord s  

-7-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

determination of the Option Rent, then Landlord and Tenant shall attempt to agree upon the Option Rent using their best good-faith     efforts.      If Landlord and Tenant fail to reach agreement within thirty (30)     days following Tenant     s objection to the Option Rent (the      Outside Agreement Date           ), or if Tenant timely delivers an Irrevocable Exercise Notice to Landlord pursuant to the terms of   Section     1.3.2  , above, then each party shall make a separate determination of the Option Rent (or First Offer Rent, as the case may be), within five (5)     days, and such determinations shall be submitted to arbitration in accordance with   Sections     2.2.3.1   through   2.2.3.7  ,   below.      If Tenant fails to object to Landlord     s determination of the Option Rent within the time period set forth herein, then Tenant shall be deemed to have accepted Landlord     s determination of Option Rent.  
   2.2.3.1  Landlord and Tenant shall each appoint one arbitrator who shall be, at the option of the appointing party, a real estate broker, appraiser or attorney who shall have been active over the five (5) year period ending on the date of such appointment in the leasing or appraisal, as the case may be, of commercial office properties in North San Diego, California.  The determination of the arbitrators shall be limited solely to the issue of whether Landlord s or Tenant s submitted Option Rent (or First Offer Rent, as the case may be) is the closest to the actual Option Rent (or First Offer Rent, as the case may be), taking into account the requirements of  Section 2.2.2  of this Lease, as determined by the arbitrators.  Each such arbitrator shall be appointed within fifteen (15) days after the Outside Agreement Date.  Landlord and Tenant may consult with their selected arbitrators prior to appointment and may select an arbitrator who is favorable to their respective positions.  The arbitrators so selected by Landlord and Tenant shall be deemed   Advocate Arbitrators .  
   2.2.3.2  The two (2) Advocate Arbitrators so appointed shall be specifically required pursuant to an engagement letter within ten (10) days of the date of the appointment of the last appointed Advocate Arbitrator to agree upon and appoint a third arbitrator (  Neutral Arbitrator    ) who shall be qualified under the same criteria set forth hereinabove for qualification of the two Advocate Arbitrators, except that neither the Landlord or Tenant or either parties  Advocate Arbitrator may, directly or indirectly, consult with the Neutral Arbitrator prior or subsequent to his or her appearance.  The Neutral Arbitrator shall be retained via an engagement letter jointly prepared by Landlord s counsel and Tenant s counsel. 
 2.2.3.3  The three arbitrators shall, within thirty (30) days of the appointment of the Neutral Arbitrator, reach a decision as to whether the parties shall use Landlord s or Tenant s submitted Option Rent (or First Offer Rent, as the case may be), and shall notify Landlord and Tenant thereof. 
 2.2.3.4  The decision of the majority of the three arbitrators shall be binding upon Landlord and Tenant. 
 2.2.3.5  If either Landlord or Tenant fails to appoint an Advocate Arbitrator within fifteen (15) days after the Outside Agreement Date, then either party may petition the presiding judge of the Superior Court of San Diego County to appoint such Advocate Arbitrator subject to the criteria in  Section 2.2.3.1  of this Lease, or if he or she refuses to act, either party may petition any judge having jurisdiction over the parties to appoint such Advocate Arbitrator. 
 2.2.3.6  If the two (2) Advocate Arbitrators fail to agree upon and appoint the Neutral Arbitrator, then either party may petition the presiding judge of the Superior Court of San Diego County to appoint the Neutral Arbitrator, subject to criteria in  Section 2.2.3.2  of this Lease, or if he or she refuses to act, either party may petition any judge having jurisdiction over the parties to appoint such arbitrator. 
   2.2.3.7  The cost of the arbitration shall be paid by Landlord and Tenant equally. 
   2.2.3.8  In the event that the Option Rent (or First Offer Rent, as the case may be) shall not have been determined pursuant to the terms hereof prior to the commencement of the Option Term (or the First Offer Commencement Date, as the case may be), Tenant shall be required to pay the Option Rent (or First Offer Rent, as the case may be) initially provided by Landlord to Tenant, and upon the final determination of the Option Rent (or First Offer Rent, as the case may be), the payments made by Tenant shall be reconciled with the actual amounts of Option Rent (or First Offer Rent, as the case may be) due, and the appropriate party shall make any corresponding payment to the other party. 

-8-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

3.    BASE RENT                            
   3.1   In General .  Tenant shall pay, without prior notice or demand, to Landlord or Landlord s agent at the management office of the Project, or, at Landlord s option, at such other place as Landlord may from time to time designate in writing, by a check for currency which, at the time of payment, is legal tender for private or public debts in the United States of America, base rent (  Base Rent    ) as set forth in  Section 4  of the Summary, payable in equal monthly installments as set forth in  Section 4  of the Summary in advance on or before the first day of each and every calendar month during the Lease Term, without any setoff or deduction whatsoever.  The Base Rent and the estimated  Tenant s Share  of  Direct Expenses,  as those terms are defined in  Article 4 , below, for the first full month of the Lease Term shall be paid at the time of Tenant s execution of this Lease.  If any Rent payment date (including the Lease Commencement Date) falls on a day of the month other than the first day of such month or if any payment of Rent is for a period which is shorter than one month, the Rent for any fractional month shall accrue on a daily basis for the period from the date such payment is due to the end of such calendar month or to the end of the Lease Term at a rate per day which is equal to 1/365 of the applicable annual Rent.  All other payments or adjustments required to be made under the terms of this Lease that require proration on a time basis shall be prorated on the same basis. 
   3.2   Abated Base Rent .  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in  Section 3.1  above, provided that Tenant is not in default under this Lease, Tenant shall be entitled to an abatement (the   Base Rent Abatement    ) of one hundred percent (100%) of the Base Rent otherwise due for the Premises during the second (2 nd ), third (3 rd ), fourth (4 th ), fifth (5 th ), sixth (6 th ) and seventh (7 th ) full calendar months of the Lease Term (collectively, the   Base Rent Abatement Period  ), for a total Base Rent Abatement amount equal to $1,380,366.00 in the aggregate.  Tenant acknowledges and agrees that during such Base Rent Abatement Period, such abatement of Base Rent shall have no effect on the calculation of any Direct Expenses payable by Tenant pursuant to the terms of this Lease, which Direct Expenses shall be payable during the Base Rent Abatement Period without regard to the Base Rent Abatement.  The Base Rent Abatement right set forth in this  Section 3.2  has been granted to Tenant as additional consideration for Tenant s agreement to enter into this Lease and comply with the terms and conditions otherwise required under this Lease.  If Tenant shall be in default under this Lease, or if this Lease is terminated for any reason other than Landlord s breach of this Lease, then the dollar amount of the unapplied portion of the Base Rent Abatement as of the date of such default or termination, as the case may be, shall be converted to a credit to be applied to the Base Rent applicable at the end of the Lease Term and Tenant shall immediately be obligated to begin paying Base Rent for the Premises in full. 
     4.   ADDITIONAL RENT            
   4.1   General Terms . 
   4.1.1   Direct Expenses; Additional Rent .  In addition to paying the Base Rent specified in  Article 3  of this Lease, Tenant shall pay  Tenant s Share  of the annual   Direct Expenses ,  as those terms are defined in  Sections   4.2.6  and  4.2.2  of this Lease, respectively.  Such payments by Tenant, together with any and all other amounts payable by Tenant to Landlord pursuant to the terms of this Lease, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the   Additional Rent  , and the Base Rent and the Additional Rent are herein collectively referred to as   Rent .   All amounts due under this  Article 4  as Additional Rent shall be payable for the same periods and in the same manner as the Base Rent.  Without limitation on other obligations of Tenant which survive the expiration of the Lease Term, the obligations of Tenant to pay the Additional Rent provided for in this  Article 4  shall survive the expiration of the Lease Term. 
 4.1.2   Triple Net Lease .  Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that, except as otherwise provided to the contrary in this Lease, it is their intent and agreement that this Lease be a   TRIPLE NET   lease and that as such, the provisions contained in this Lease are intended to pass on to Tenant or reimburse Landlord for the costs and expenses reasonably associated with this Lease, the Building and the Project, and Tenant s operation therefrom.  To the extent such costs and expenses payable by Tenant cannot be charged directly to, and paid by, Tenant, such costs and expenses shall be paid by Landlord but reimbursed by Tenant as Additional Rent. 

-9-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

4.2    Definitions of Key Terms Relating to Additional Rent  .      As used in this   Article     4  , the following terms shall have the meanings hereinafter set forth:  
 4.2.1  Intentionally Deleted. 
   4.2.2    Direct Expenses     shall mean   Operating Expenses     and   Tax Expenses .  
 4.2.3    Expense Year     shall mean each calendar year in which any portion of the Lease Term falls, through and including the calendar year in which the Lease Term expires, provided that Landlord, upon notice to Tenant, may change the Expense Year from time to time to any other twelve (12) consecutive month period, and, in the event of any such change, Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses shall be equitably adjusted for any Expense Year involved in any such change. 

-10-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

4.2.4       Operating Expenses            shall mean all expenses, costs and amounts of every kind and nature which Landlord pays or accrues during any Expense Year because of or in connection with the ownership, management, maintenance, security, repair, replacement, restoration or operation of the Project, or any portion thereof.      Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Operating Expenses shall specifically include any and all of the following:      (i) the cost of supplying all utilities, the cost of operating, repairing, maintaining, and renovating the utility, telephone, mechanical, sanitary, storm drainage, and elevator systems, and the cost of maintenance and service contracts in connection therewith; (ii) the cost of licenses, certificates, permits and inspections and the cost of contesting any governmental enactments which may affect Operating Expenses, and the costs incurred in connection with a governmentally mandated transportation system management program or similar program; (iii) the cost of all insurance carried by Landlord in connection with the Project and Premises as reasonably determined by Landlord; (iv) the cost of landscaping, relamping, and all supplies, tools, equipment and materials used in the operation, repair and maintenance of the Project, or any portion thereof; (v) the cost of parking area operation, repair, restoration, and maintenance; (vi) fees and other costs, including management and/or incentive fees, consulting fees, legal fees and accounting fees, of all contractors and consultants in connection with the management, operation, maintenance and repair of the Project; (vii) payments under any equipment rental agreements and the fair rental value of any management office space; (viii) subject to item (f), below, wages, salaries and other compensation and benefits, including taxes levied thereon, of all persons engaged in the operation, maintenance and security of the Project; (ix) costs under any instrument pertaining to the sharing of costs by the Project; (x) operation, repair, maintenance and replacement of all systems and equipment and components thereof of the Project; (xi) the cost of janitorial, alarm, security and other services, replacement of wall and floor coverings, ceiling tiles and fixtures in common areas, maintenance and replacement of curbs and walkways, repair to roofs and re-roofing; (xii) amortization (including interest on the unamortized cost) over the reasonable useful life of such item as Landlord shall reasonably determine in accordance with sound real estate management and accounting principles, consistently applied, of the cost of acquiring or the rental expense of personal property used in the maintenance, operation and repair of the Project, or any portion thereof; (xiii) the cost of capital improvements or other costs incurred in connection with the Project (A) which are intended to effect economies in the operation or maintenance of the Project, or any portion thereof, or to reduce current or future Operating Expenses or to enhance the safety or security of the Project or its occupants, (B) that are required to comply with present or anticipated conservation programs, (C) which are replacements or modifications of nonstructural items located in the Common Areas required to keep the Common Areas in good order or condition, or (D) that are required under any governmental law or regulation; provided, however, that any capital expenditure shall be amortized (including interest on the amortized cost) over its reasonable useful life as Landlord shall reasonably determine in accordance with sound real estate management and accounting principles, consistently applied; and (xiv) costs, fees, charges or assessments imposed by, or resulting from any mandate imposed on Landlord by, any federal, state or local government for fire and police protection, trash removal, community services, or other services which do not constitute      Tax Expenses            as that term is defined in   Section     4.2.5  ,   below, (xv) cost of tenant relation programs reasonably established by Landlord, and (xvi) payments under any easement, license, operating agreement, declaration, restrictive covenant, or instrument pertaining to the sharing of costs by the Building, including, without limitation, any covenants, conditions and restrictions affecting the property, and reciprocal easement agreements affecting the property, any parking licenses, and any agreements with transit agencies affecting the Property (collectively,      Underlying Documents     ).      Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this Lease, Operating Expenses shall not, however, include:  
 (a)  costs, including legal fees, space planners  fees, advertising and promotional expenses (except as otherwise set forth above), and brokerage fees incurred in connection with the original construction or development, or original or future leasing of the Project, and costs, including permit, license and inspection costs, incurred with respect to the installation of tenant improvements made for new tenants initially occupying space in the Project after the Lease Commencement Date or incurred in renovating or otherwise improving, decorating, painting or redecorating vacant space for tenants or other occupants of the Project (excluding, however, such costs relating to any common areas of the Project or parking facilities); 
 (b)  except as set forth in items (xii), (xiii), and (xiv) above, depreciation, interest and principal payments on mortgages and other debt costs, if any, penalties and interest; 

-11-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

(c)    costs for which the Landlord is reimbursed by any tenant or occupant of the Project or by insurance by its carrier or any tenant     s carrier or by anyone else, and electric power costs for which any tenant directly contracts with the local public service company;  
 (d)  any bad debt loss, rent loss, or reserves for bad debts or rent loss; 
 (e)  costs associated with the operation of the business of the partnership or entity which constitutes the Landlord, as the same are distinguished from the costs of operation of the Project (which shall specifically include, but not be limited to, accounting costs associated with the operation of the Project).  Costs associated with the operation of the business of the partnership or entity which constitutes the Landlord include costs of partnership accounting and legal matters, costs of defending any lawsuits with any mortgagee (except as the actions of the Tenant may be in issue), costs of selling, syndicating, financing, mortgaging or hypothecating any of the Landlord s interest in the Project, and costs incurred in connection with any disputes between Landlord and its employees, between Landlord and Project management, or between Landlord and other tenants or occupants; 
 (f)  the wages and benefits of any employee who does not devote substantially all of his or her employed time to the Project unless such wages and benefits are prorated to reflect time spent on operating and managing the Project vis-a-vis time spent on matters unrelated to operating and managing the Project; provided, that in no event shall Operating Expenses for purposes of this Lease include wages and/or benefits attributable to personnel above the level of Project manager; 
 (g)  amount paid as ground rental for the Project by the Landlord; 
 (h)  except for a Project management fee to the extent allowed pursuant to item (l) below, overhead and profit increment paid to the Landlord or to subsidiaries or affiliates of the Landlord for services in the Project to the extent the same exceeds the costs of such services rendered by qualified, first- class unaffiliated third parties on a competitive basis; 
 (i)  any compensation paid to clerks, attendants or other persons in commercial concessions operated by the Landlord, provided that any compensation paid to any concierge at the Project shall be includable as an Operating Expense; 
 (j)  rentals and other related expenses incurred in leasing air conditioning systems, elevators or other equipment which if purchased the cost of which would be excluded from Operating Expenses as a capital cost, except equipment not affixed to the Project which is used in providing engineering, janitorial or similar services and, further excepting from this exclusion such equipment rented or leased to remedy or ameliorate an emergency condition in the Project; 
 (k)  all items and services for which Tenant or any other tenant in the Project reimburses Landlord or which Landlord provides selectively to one or more tenants (other than Tenant) without reimbursement; 
 (l)  any costs expressly excluded from Operating Expenses elsewhere in this Lease; 
 (m)  rent for any office space occupied by Project management personnel to the extent the size or rental rate of such office space exceeds the size or fair market rental value of office space occupied by management personnel of the comparable buildings in the vicinity of the Building, with adjustment where appropriate for the size of the applicable project; 
 (n)  personal injury or property damage costs arising from the negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord in connection with this Lease; and 
   (o)  costs incurred to comply with laws relating to the removal of hazardous material (as defined under applicable law) which was in existence in the Building or on the Project prior to the  

-12-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

Lease Commencement Date, and was of such a nature that a federal, State or municipal governmental authority, if it had then had knowledge of the presence of such hazardous material, in the state, and under the conditions that it then existed in the Building or on the Project, would have then required the removal of such hazardous material or other remedial or containment action with respect thereto; and costs incurred to remove, remedy, contain, or treat hazardous material, which hazardous material is brought into the Building or onto the Project after the date hereof by Landlord or any other tenant of the Project and is of such a nature, at that time, that a federal, State or municipal governmental authority, if it had then had knowledge of the presence of such hazardous material, in the state, and under the conditions, that it then exists in the Building or on the Project, would have then required the removal of such hazardous material or other remedial or containment action with respect thereto.  
   4.2.5   Taxes . 
 4.2.5.1    Tax Expenses     shall mean all federal, state, county, or local governmental or municipal taxes, fees, charges or other impositions of every kind and nature, whether general, special, ordinary or extraordinary (including, without limitation, real estate taxes, general and special assessments, transit taxes, leasehold taxes or taxes based upon the receipt of rent, including gross receipts or sales taxes applicable to the receipt of rent, unless required to be paid by Tenant, personal property taxes imposed upon the fixtures, machinery, equipment, apparatus, systems and equipment, appurtenances, furniture and other personal property used in connection with the Project, or any portion thereof), which shall be paid or accrued during any Expense Year (without regard to any different fiscal year used by such governmental or municipal authority) because of or in connection with the ownership, leasing and operation of the Project, or any portion thereof. 
 4.2.5.2  Tax Expenses shall include, without limitation:  (i) Any tax on the rent, right to rent or other income from the Project, or any portion thereof, or as against the business of leasing the Project, or any portion thereof; (ii) Any assessment, tax, fee, levy or charge in addition to, or in substitution, partially or totally, of any assessment, tax, fee, levy or charge previously included within the definition of real property tax; (iii) Any assessment, tax, fee, levy, or charge allocable to or measured by the area of the Premises or the Rent payable hereunder, including, without limitation, any business or gross income tax or excise tax with respect to the receipt of such rent, or upon or with respect to the possession, leasing, operating, management, maintenance, alteration, repair, use or occupancy by Tenant of the Premises, or any portion thereof; and (iv) Any assessment, tax, fee, levy or charge, upon this transaction or any document to which Tenant is a party, creating or transferring an interest or an estate in the Premises or the improvements thereon. 
 4.2.5.3  Any costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  and consultants  fees) incurred in attempting to protest, reduce or minimize Tax Expenses shall be included in Tax Expenses in the Expense Year such expenses are incurred.  Tax refunds shall be credited against Tax Expenses and refunded to Tenant regardless of when received, based on the Expense Year to which the refund is applicable, provided that in no event shall the amount to be refunded to Tenant for any such Expense Year exceed the total amount paid by Tenant as Additional Rent under this  Article 4  for such Expense Year.  If Tax Expenses for any period during the Lease Term or any extension thereof are increased after payment thereof for any reason, including, without limitation, error or reassessment by applicable governmental or municipal authorities, Tenant shall pay Landlord upon demand Tenant s Share of any such increased Tax Expenses.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this  Section 4.2.5 , there shall be excluded from Tax Expenses (i) all excess profits taxes, franchise taxes, gift taxes, capital stock taxes, inheritance and succession taxes, estate taxes, federal and state income taxes, and other taxes to the extent applicable to Landlord s net income (as opposed to rents, receipts or income attributable to operations at the Project), (ii) any items included as Operating Expenses, and (iii) any items paid by Tenant under  Section 4.5  of this Lease. 
   4.2.6    Tenant s Share     shall mean the percentage set forth in  Section 6  of the Summary. 
   4.3   Allocation of Direct Expenses .  The parties acknowledge that the Building is part of a multi- building project and that the costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Project (i.e., the Direct Expenses) should be shared between the Building and the other buildings in the Project.  Accordingly, as set forth in  Section 4.2  above, Direct Expenses (which consist of Operating Expenses and Tax Expenses) are determined  

-13-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

annually for the Project as a whole, and a portion of the Direct Expenses, which portion shall be determined by Landlord on an equitable basis, shall be allocated to the Building (as opposed to other buildings in the Project).      Such portion of Direct Expenses allocated to the Building shall include all Direct Expenses attributable solely to the Building and an equitable portion of the Direct Expenses attributable to the Project as a whole, and shall not include Direct Expenses attributable solely to other buildings in the Project.  
 4.4   Calculation and Payment of Additional Rent .  Tenant shall pay to Landlord, in the manner set forth in  Section 4.4.1 , below, and as Additional Rent, Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses for each Expense Year. 
   4.4.1   Statement of Actual Direct Expenses and Payment by Tenant .  Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to give to Tenant within one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each Expense Year, a statement (the   Statement    ) which shall state the Direct Expenses incurred or accrued for such preceding Expense Year, and which shall indicate the amount of Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses.  Upon receipt of the Statement for each Expense Year commencing or ending during the Lease Term, Tenant shall pay, with its next installment of Base Rent due, the full amount of Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses for such Expense Year, less the amounts, if any, paid during such Expense Year as   Estimated Direct Expenses ,  as that term is defined in  Section 4.4.2 , below, and if Tenant paid more as Estimated Direct Expenses than the actual Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses, Tenant shall receive a credit in the amount of Tenant s overpayment against Rent next due under this Lease.  The failure of Landlord to timely furnish the Statement for any Expense Year shall not prejudice Landlord or Tenant from enforcing its rights under this  Article 4 .  Even though the Lease Term has expired and Tenant has vacated the Premises, when the final determination is made of Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses for the Expense Year in which this Lease terminates, Tenant shall immediately pay to Landlord such amount, and if Tenant paid more as Estimated Direct Expenses than the actual Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses, Landlord shall, within thirty (30) days, deliver a check payable to Tenant in the amount of the overpayment.  The provisions of this  Section 4.4.1  shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term. 
   4.4.2   Statement of Estimated Direct Expenses .  In addition, Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to give to Tenant within one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each Expense Year a yearly expense estimate statement (the   Estimate Statement    ) which shall set forth Landlord s reasonable estimate (the   Estimate    ) of what the total amount of Direct Expenses for the then-current Expense Year shall be and the estimated Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses (the   Estimated Direct Expenses    ).  The failure of Landlord to timely furnish the Estimate Statement for any Expense Year shall not preclude Landlord from enforcing its rights to collect any Estimated Direct Expenses under this  Article 4 , nor shall Landlord be prohibited from revising any Estimate Statement or Estimated Direct Expenses theretofore delivered to the extent necessary.  Thereafter, Tenant shall pay, with its next installment of Base Rent due, a fraction of the Estimated Direct Expenses for the then-current Expense Year (reduced by any amounts paid pursuant to the last sentence of this  Section 4.4.2 ).  Such fraction shall have as its numerator the number of months which have elapsed in such current Expense Year, including the month of such payment, and twelve (12) as its denominator.  Until a new Estimate Statement is furnished (which Landlord shall have the right to deliver to Tenant at any time), Tenant shall pay monthly, with the monthly Base Rent installments, an amount equal to one-twelfth (1/12) of the total Estimated Direct Expenses set forth in the previous Estimate Statement delivered by Landlord to Tenant. 
   4.5   Taxes and Other Charges for Which Tenant Is Directly Responsible .  Tenant shall be liable for and shall pay ten (10) days before delinquency, taxes levied against Tenant s equipment, furniture, fixtures and any other personal property located in or about the Premises.  If any such taxes on Tenant s equipment, furniture, fixtures and any other personal property are levied against Landlord or Landlord s property or if the assessed value of Landlord s property is increased by the inclusion therein of a value placed upon such equipment, furniture, fixtures or any other personal property and if Landlord pays the taxes based upon such increased assessment, which Landlord shall have the right to do regardless of the validity thereof but only under proper protest if requested by Tenant, Tenant shall upon demand repay to Landlord the taxes so levied against Landlord or the proportion of such taxes resulting from such increase in the assessment, as the case may be. 
     4.6   Audit of Direct Expenses .  Upon Tenant s written request (an   Audit Request  ) given not more than sixty (60) days after Tenant s receipt of a Statement for a particular Expense Year, and provided that Tenant is not then in default under this Lease, Landlord shall furnish Tenant with such reasonable supporting documentation  

-14-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

in connection with said Direct Expenses.      Landlord shall provide said information to Tenant within sixty (60) days after Tenant     s written request therefor.      Within sixty (60) days after receipt of such information by Tenant (the      Review Period           ), if Tenant disputes the amount of Direct Expenses set forth in the Statement, an independent certified public accountant (which accountant (A) is a certified public accountant, (B) is a member of a nationally recognized accounting firm, (C) is not working on a contingency fee basis, and (D) is reasonably acceptable to, and approved by Landlord (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed)), designated and paid for by Tenant, may, after reasonable notice to Landlord and at reasonable times, inspect Landlord     s records with respect to the Statement at Landlord     s offices, provided that Tenant is not then in default under this Lease and Tenant has paid all amounts required to be paid under the applicable Estimate Statement and Statement, as the case may be.      In connection with such inspection, Tenant and Tenant     s agents must agree in advance to follow Landlord     s reasonable rules and procedures regarding inspections of Landlord     s records, and shall execute a commercially reasonable confidentiality agreement regarding such inspection.      Tenant     s failure to dispute the amount of Direct Expenses set forth in any Statement within the Review Period shall be deemed to be Tenant     s approval of such Statement and Tenant, thereafter, waives the right or ability to dispute the amounts set forth in such Statement.      If after such inspection, Tenant still disputes such Additional Rent, a determination as to the proper amount shall be made, at Tenant     s expense, by an independent certified public accountant (the      Accountant           ) selected by Landlord and subject to Tenant     s reasonable approval; provided that if such determination by the Accountant proves that Direct Expenses were overstated by more than five percent (5%), then the cost of the Accountant and the cost of such determination shall be paid for by Landlord with interest at the      Default Rate,      as that term is defined in   Article     25  ,   below.      If the parties agree or the Accountant determines that Tenant     s payments of Direct Expenses for such calendar year were in excess of the actual Direct Expenses for such calendar year, then Landlord shall, at Landlord     s option, either (a) credit such excess to Tenant     s next succeeding installment(s) of Estimated Direct Expenses until such excess has been exhausted, or (b) deliver a check payable to Tenant in the amount of such excess within thirty (30) days after such agreement or determination.      If the parties agree or the Accountant determines that Tenant     s payments of Direct Expenses for such calendar year were less than the actual Direct Expenses, then Tenant shall pay the deficiency to Landlord within thirty (30) days after such agreement or determination.      Tenant hereby acknowledges that Tenant     s sole right to inspect Landlord     s books and records and to contest the amount of Direct Expenses payable by Tenant shall be as set forth in this   Section     4.6  ,   and Tenant hereby waives any and all other rights pursuant to applicable law to inspect such books and records and/or to contest the amount of Direct Expenses payable by Tenant.  
     5.   USE OF PREMISES            
 5.1   Permitted Use .  Tenant shall use the Premises solely for the Permitted Use set forth in  Section 7  of the Summary and Tenant shall not use or permit the Premises or the Project to be used for any other purpose or purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of Landlord, which may be withheld in Landlord s sole discretion. 
 5.2   Prohibited Uses .  Tenant further covenants and agrees that Tenant shall not use, or suffer or permit any person or persons to use, the Premises or any part thereof for any use or purpose in violation of the laws of the United States of America, the State of California, or the ordinances, regulations or requirements of the local municipal or county governing body or other lawful authorities having jurisdiction over the Project) including, without limitation, any such laws, ordinances, regulations or requirements relating to hazardous materials or substances, as those terms are defined by applicable laws now or hereafter in effect, or any Underlying Documents.  Landlord shall have the right to impose reasonable and customary rule and regulations (which shall be enforced by Landlord in a non-discriminatory manner) regarding the use of the Project, as reasonably deemed necessary by Landlord with respect to the orderly operation of the Project, and Tenant shall comply with such reasonable rules and regulations.  Tenant shall not do or permit anything to be done in or about the Premises which will in any way damage the reputation of the Project or obstruct or interfere with the rights of other tenants or occupants of the Building, or injure or annoy them or use or allow the Premises to be used for any improper, unlawful or objectionable purpose, nor shall Tenant cause, maintain or permit any nuisance in, on or about the Premises.  Tenant shall comply with, and Tenant s rights and obligations under the Lease and Tenant s use of the Premises shall be subject and subordinate to, all recorded easements, covenants, conditions, and restrictions now or hereafter affecting the Project; provided, however, no Underlying Documents or any documents referenced in this sentence recorded or otherwise enacted by Landlord after the date of this Lease will materially increase Tenant s monetary obligations or decrease Tenant s rights pursuant to this Lease. 

-15-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

5.3    Hazardous Materials  .  
 5.3.1   Tenant s Obligations . 
 5.3.1.1   Prohibitions .  As a material inducement to Landlord to enter into this Lease with Tenant, Tenant has fully and accurately completed Landlord s Pre-Leasing Environmental Exposure Questionnaire (the   Environmental Questionnaire  ), which is attached as  Exhibit F .  Tenant agrees that except for those chemicals or materials, and their respective quantities, specifically listed on the Environmental Questionnaire, neither Tenant nor Tenant s employees, contractors and subcontractors of any tier, entities with a contractual relationship with Tenant (other than Landlord), or any entity acting as an agent or sub-agent of Tenant (collectively,   Tenant s Agents  ) will produce, use, store or generate any  Hazardous Materials,  as that term is defined below, on, under or about the Premises, nor cause or permit any Hazardous Material to be brought upon, placed, stored, manufactured, generated, blended, handled, recycled, used or  Released,  as that term is defined below, on, in, under or about the Premises.  If any information provided to Landlord by Tenant on the Environmental Questionnaire, or otherwise relating to information concerning Hazardous Materials is false, incomplete, or misleading in any material respect, the same shall be deemed a default by Tenant under this Lease.  Upon request by Landlord, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord an updated Environmental Questionnaire at least once a year; provided that, regardless of whether such request is made by Landlord, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord an updated Environmental Questionnaire to the extent any information therein needs to be updated in any material respect, provided that  material  shall mean any changes in the Hazardous Materials usage including, but not limited to, in terms of their hazardous character, handling profile, usage and quantity.  Landlord s prior written consent shall be required to any Hazardous Materials use for the Premises not described on the initial Environmental Questionnaire, such consent to be withheld in Landlord s sole discretion.  Tenant shall not install or permit any underground storage tank on the Premises.  For purposes of this Lease,   Hazardous Materials   means all flammable explosives, petroleum and petroleum products, waste oil, radon, radioactive materials, toxic pollutants, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls (  PCBs  ), medical waste, chemicals known to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity, pollutants, contaminants, hazardous wastes, toxic substances or related materials, including without limitation any chemical, element, compound, mixture, solution, substance, object, waste or any combination thereof, which is or may be hazardous to human health, safety or to the environment due to its radioactivity, ignitability, corrosiveness, reactivity, explosiveness, toxicity, carcinogenicity, infectiousness or other harmful or potentially harmful properties or effects, or defined as, regulated as or included in, the definition of  hazardous substances,   hazardous wastes,   hazardous materials,  or  toxic substances  under any Environmental Laws.  The term  Hazardous Materials  for purposes of this Lease shall also include any mold, fungus or spores, whether or not the same is defined, listed, or otherwise classified as a  hazardous material  under any Environmental Laws, if such mold, fungus or spores may pose a risk to human health or the environment or negatively impact the value of the Premises.  For purposes of this Lease,   Release   or   Released   or   Releases   shall mean any release, deposit, discharge, emission, leaking, spilling, seeping, migrating, injecting, pumping, pouring, emptying, escaping, dumping, disposing, or other movement of Hazardous Materials into the environment.  Landlord represents and warrant to Tenant that, to Landlord s actual knowledge, without duty of investigation or inquiry, there is no Hazardous Material on, in, or under the Premises as of the Lease Commencement Date in violation of Environmental Laws.  For purposes of the foregoing, Landlords  actual knowledge  shall mean the current actual (as opposed to constructive) knowledge of Michael Dorris (  Landlord s Representative  ).  No duty of inquiry or investigation on the part of Landlord or Landlord s Representative will be required or implied by the making of any representation or warranty which is so limited to matters within Landlord s actual knowledge, and in no event shall Landlord s Representative have any personal liability therefor. 
   5.3.1.2   Notices to Landlord .  Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing as soon as possible but in no event later than five (5) days after (i) the occurrence of any actual, alleged or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material in, on, under, from, about or in the vicinity of the Premises (whether past or present), regardless of the source or quantity of any such Release, or (ii) Tenant becomes aware of any regulatory actions, inquiries, inspections, investigations, directives, or any cleanup, compliance, enforcement or abatement proceedings (including any threatened or contemplated investigations or proceedings) relating to or potentially affecting the Premises, or (iii) Tenant becomes aware of any claims by any person or entity relating to any Hazardous Materials in, on, under, from, about or in the vicinity of the Premises, whether relating to damage, contribution, cost recovery, compensation, loss or injury.  Collectively, the matters set forth in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above are hereinafter referred to as   Hazardous Materials Claims  .  Tenant shall promptly forward to Landlord copies of all orders,  

-16-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

notices, permits, applications and other communications and reports in connection with any Hazardous Materials Claims.      Additionally, Tenant shall promptly advise Landlord in writing of Tenant s discovery of any occurrence or condition on, in, under or about the Premises that could subject Tenant or Landlord to any liability, or restrictions on ownership, occupancy, transferability or use of the Premises under any      Environmental Laws,      as that term is defined below.      Tenant shall not enter into any legal proceeding or other action, settlement, consent decree or other compromise with respect to any Hazardous Materials Claims without first notifying Landlord of Tenant s intention to do so and affording Landlord the opportunity to join and participate, at Landlord     s sole cost and expense, as a party if Landlord so elects, in such proceedings and in no event shall Tenant enter into any agreements which are binding on Landlord or the Premises without Landlord s prior written consent.      Landlord shall have the right to appear at and participate in, any and all legal or other administrative proceedings concerning any Hazardous Materials Claim.      For purposes of this Lease,    Environmental Laws    means all applicable present and future laws relating to the protection of human health, safety, wildlife or the environment, including, without limitation, (i) all requirements pertaining to reporting, licensing, permitting, investigation and/or remediation of emissions, discharges, Releases, or threatened Releases of Hazardous Materials, whether solid, liquid, or gaseous in nature, into the air, surface water, groundwater, or land, or relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, or handling of Hazardous Materials; and (ii) all requirements pertaining to the health and safety of employees or the public.      Environmental Laws include, but are not limited to, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, 42 USC   9601, et seq., the Hazardous Materials Transportation Authorization Act of 1994, 49 USC   5101, et seq., the Solid Waste Disposal Act, as amended by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, and Hazardous and Solid Waste Amendments of 1984, 42 USC   6901, et seq., the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended by the Clean Water Act of 1977, 33 USC   1251, et seq., the Clean Air Act of 1966, 42 USC   7401, et seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976, 15 USC   2601, et seq., the Safe Drinking Water Act of 1974, 42 USC    300f through 300j, the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, 29 USC   651 et seq., the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 USC   2701 et seq., the Emergency Planning and Community Right-To-Know Act of 1986, 42 USC   11001 et seq., the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, 42 USC   4321 et seq., the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act of 1947, 7 USC   136 et seq., California Carpenter-Presley-Tanner Hazardous Substance Account Act, California Health   Safety Code    25300 et seq., Hazardous Materials Release Response Plans and Inventory Act, California Health   Safety Code,    25500 et seq., Underground Storage of Hazardous Substances provisions, California Health   Safety Code,    25280 et seq., California Hazardous Waste Control Law, California Health   Safety Code,    25100 et seq., and any other state or local law counterparts, as amended, as such applicable laws, are in effect as of the Lease Commencement Date, or thereafter adopted, published, or promulgated.  
 5.3.1.3   Releases of Hazardous Materials .  If any Release of any Hazardous Material in, on, under, from or about the Premises shall occur at any time during the Lease Term and/or if any other Hazardous Material condition exists at the Premises that requires response actions of any kind (other than Hazardous Materials brought onto the Premises by Landlord or Landlord s agents or an Existing Hazardous Materials condition), in addition to notifying Landlord as specified above, Tenant, at its own sole cost and expense, shall (i) timely comply with any and all reporting requirements imposed pursuant to any and all Environmental Laws, (ii) provide a written certification to Landlord indicating that Tenant has complied with all applicable reporting requirements, (iii) take any and all necessary investigation, corrective and remedial action in accordance with any and all applicable Environmental Laws, utilizing an environmental consultant approved by Landlord, all in accordance with the provisions and requirements of this  Section 5.3 , including, without limitation,  Section 5.3.4 , and (iv) take any such additional investigative, remedial and corrective actions as necessary such that the Premises are remediated to the condition required by applicable Environmental Laws and which allows the Premises and Project to be used without any use restriction that was not applicable to the Project as of the date of this Lease. 
   5.3.1.4   Indemnification . 
   5.3.1.4.1   In General .  Without limiting in any way Tenant s obligations under any other provision of this Lease, Tenant shall be solely responsible for and shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold the Landlord Parties harmless from and against any and all claims, judgments, losses, damages, costs, expenses, penalties, enforcement actions, taxes, fines, remedial actions, liabilities (including, without limitation, actual attorneys  fees, litigation, arbitration and administrative proceeding costs, expert and consultant fees and laboratory costs) including, without limitation, sums paid in settlement of claims, which arise during or after the Lease Term, whether foreseeable or unforeseeable, arising out of or attributable to the presence, use, generation,  

-17-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

manufacture, treatment, handling, refining, production, processing, storage, Release or presence of Hazardous Materials in, on, under or about the Premises by Tenant or Tenant     s Agents.      Landlord agrees to indemnify, defend, protect and hold harmless Tenant from and against any liability, obligation, damage or costs, including without limitation, attorneys  fees and costs, resulting directly or indirectly from any use, presence, removal or disposal of any Hazardous Materials to the extent such liability, obligation, damage or costs was a result of actions caused or knowingly permitted by Landlord or a Landlord Party.  
 5.3.1.4.2   Limitations .  Notwithstanding anything in  Section 5.3.1.4 , above, to the contrary, Tenant s indemnity of Landlord as set forth in  Section 5.3.1.4 , above, shall not be applicable to (a) any claims that directly or indirectly arise from the activities of Landlord, its contractors or agents on or about the Premises after the Lease Commencement Date, and (b) claims based upon Hazardous Materials which may exist in, on or about the Premises as of the date of this Lease (  Existing Hazardous Materials    ), except to the extent that Tenant s construction activities and/or Tenant s other acts or omissions caused or exacerbated the subject claim (a   Tenant Caused Release of Existing Hazardous Materials  ). 
 5.3.1.5   Compliance with Environmental Laws .  Without limiting the generality of Tenant s obligation to comply with applicable laws as otherwise provided in this Lease, Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, comply with all Environmental Laws applicable to its use of the Premises; provided however that Tenant shall not be liable for or obligated to remove or remediate any Existing Hazardous Materials (other than a Tenant Caused Release of Existing Hazardous Materials) or Hazardous Materials brought onto the Premises by Landlord or Landlord s agents.  Tenant shall obtain and maintain any and all necessary permits, licenses, certifications and approvals appropriate or required for the use, handling, storage, and disposal of any Hazardous Materials used, stored, generated, transported, handled, blended, or recycled by Tenant on the Premises.  Landlord shall have a continuing right, without obligation, to require Tenant to obtain, and to review and inspect any and all such permits, licenses, certifications and approvals, together with copies of any and all Hazardous Materials management plans and programs, any and all Hazardous Materials risk management and pollution prevention programs, and any and all Hazardous Materials emergency response and employee training programs respecting Tenant s use of Hazardous Materials.  Upon request of Landlord, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a narrative description explaining the nature and scope of Tenant s activities involving Hazardous Materials and showing to Landlord s satisfaction compliance with all Environmental Laws and the terms of this Lease. 
 5.3.2   Assurance of Performance . 
 5.3.2.1   Environmental Assessments In General .  Landlord may, but shall not be required to, engage from time to time such contractors as Landlord determines to be appropriate to perform environmental assessments of a scope reasonably determined by Landlord (an   Environmental Assessment  ) to ensure Tenant s compliance with the requirements of this Lease with respect to Hazardous Materials.  Such Environmental Assessments shall be performed by a competent and experienced environmental engineer. 
 5.3.2.2   Costs of Environmental Assessments .  All costs and expenses incurred by Landlord in connection with any such Environmental Assessment initially shall be paid by Landlord; provided that if any such Environmental Assessment shows that Tenant has failed to comply with the provisions of this  Section 5.3 , then all of the costs and expenses of such Environmental Assessment shall be reimbursed by Tenant as Additional Rent within ten (10) days after receipt of written demand therefor. 
 5.3.3   Tenant s Obligations upon Surrender .  At the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term, Tenant, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, shall: (i) cause an Environmental Assessment of the Premises to be conducted in accordance with  Section 15.3 ; (ii) to the extent required by Environmental Laws, cause all Hazardous Materials to be removed from the Premises and disposed of in accordance with all Environmental Laws and as necessary to allow the Premises to be used for any purpose; and (iii) cause to be removed all containers installed or used by Tenant or Tenant s Agents to store any Hazardous Materials on the Premises, and cause to be repaired any damage to the Premises caused by such removal. 

-18-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

5.3.4    Clean-up  .  
 5.3.4.1   Environmental Reports; Clean-Up .  If any written report containing results of any Environmental Assessment (an   Environmental Report  ) shall indicate (i) the presence of any Hazardous Materials as to which either Tenant or Landlord has a removal or remediation obligation under this  Section 5.3 , and (ii) that as a result of same, the investigation, characterization, monitoring, assessment, repair, closure, remediation, removal, or other clean-up (the   Clean-up  ) of any Hazardous Materials is required, Tenant shall immediately prepare and submit to Landlord within thirty (30) days after receipt of the Environmental Report a comprehensive plan, subject to Landlord s reasonable written approval, specifying the actions to be taken by Tenant to perform the Clean-up so that the Premises are restored to the conditions required by this Lease.  Upon Landlord s approval of the Clean-up plan which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, Tenant shall, if the Clean-up is necessitated by Tenant s (or a Tenant Party s) act or omission, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, without limitation on any rights and remedies of Landlord under this Lease, immediately implement such plan with a consultant reasonably acceptable to Landlord and proceed to Clean-Up Hazardous Materials in accordance with all applicable laws and as required by such plan and this Lease.  If the Clean-up is necessitated by Landlord s act or omission or in connection with Existing Hazardous Materials, the Clean-up shall be completed by Landlord at Landlord s sole cost and expense.  If, within thirty (30) days after receiving a copy of such Environmental Report, Tenant fails either (a) to complete such Clean-up, or (b) with respect to any Clean-up that cannot be completed within such thirty-day period, fails to proceed with diligence to prepare the Clean-up plan and complete the Clean-up as promptly as practicable, then Landlord shall have the right, but not the obligation, and without waiving any other rights under this Lease, to carry out any Clean-up recommended by the Environmental Report or required by any governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Premises, and recover all of the costs and expenses thereof from Tenant as Additional Rent, payable within ten (10) days after receipt of written demand therefor.  If an Environmental Report indicates that Clean-up of any Existing Hazardous Materials (other than a Tenant Caused Release of Existing Hazardous Materials) which is required by Environmental Laws, then Landlord, at its sole cost and expense, shall notify Tenant of, and thereafter implement, Landlord s Clean-up plan, which Clean-up plan, including the scope and timing thereof, shall cause the Premises to be restored substantially in the condition existing prior to commencing Landlord s Clean-up plan. 
 5.3.4.2   Rent Abatement .  Tenant shall continue to pay all Rent due or accruing under this Lease during any Clean-up of Hazardous Materials as to which Tenant has a removal or remediation obligation under this  Section 5.3 , and shall not be entitled to any reduction, offset or deferral of any Base Rent or Additional Rent due or accruing under this Lease during any such Clean-up.  During the Clean-up of Existing Hazardous Materials as to which Landlord has a removal or remediation obligation under this  Section 5.3 , Landlord may temporarily close all or a portion of the Premises to facilitate the Clean-up, and the provisions regarding Rent abatement set forth in  Section 19.5.2  shall apply thereto except that Tenant shall not be required to provide notice to Landlord and the applicable abatement shall commence on the first day that all or a portion of the Premises are closed. 
 5.3.4.3   Surrender of Premises .  Tenant shall complete any Clean-up prior to surrender of the Premises upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.  Tenant shall obtain and deliver to Landlord a letter or other written determination from the overseeing governmental authority confirming that the Clean-up has been completed in accordance with all requirements of such governmental authority and that no further response action of any kind is required for the unrestricted use of the Premises (  Closure Letter  ).  Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant shall also be obligated to close all permits obtained in connection with Hazardous Materials in accordance with applicable laws. 
 5.3.4.4   Failure to Timely Clean-Up .  Should any Clean-up for which Tenant is responsible not be completed, or should Tenant not receive the Closure Letter and any governmental approvals required under Environmental Laws in conjunction with such Clean-up prior to the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, then Tenant shall be liable to Landlord as a holdover tenant (as more particularly provided in  Article 16)  until Tenant has fully complied with its obligations under this  Section 5.3 . 
   5.3.5   Confidentiality .  Unless compelled to do so by applicable law, Tenant agrees that Tenant shall not disclose, discuss, disseminate or copy any information, data, findings, communications, conclusions and  

-19-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

reports regarding the environmental condition of the Premises to any Person (other than Tenant s consultants, attorneys, property managers and employees that have a need to know such information), including any governmental authority, without the prior written consent of Landlord.      In the event Tenant reasonably believes that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, it shall provide Landlord five (5) days  advance notice of disclosure of confidential information so that Landlord may, at its own cost, attempt to obtain a protective order.      Tenant may additionally release such information to bona fide prospective purchasers or lenders, subject to any such parties  written agreement to be bound by the terms of this   Section     5.3  .  
 5.3.6   Copies of Environmental Reports .  Within thirty (30) days of receipt thereof, Tenant shall provide Landlord with a copy of any and all environmental assessments, audits, studies and reports regarding Tenant s activities with respect to the Premises, or ground water beneath the Land, or the environmental condition or Clean-up thereof.  Tenant shall be obligated to provide Landlord with a copy of such materials without regard to whether such materials are generated by Tenant or prepared for Tenant, or how Tenant comes into possession of such materials. 
 5.3.7   Intentionally Omitted . 
 5.3.8   Signs, Response Plans, Etc .  Tenant shall be responsible for posting on the Premises any signs required under applicable Environmental Laws.  Tenant shall also complete and file any business response plans or inventories required by any applicable laws.  Tenant shall concurrently file a copy of any such business response plan or inventory with Landlord. 
 5.3.9   Survival .  Each covenant, agreement, representation, warranty and indemnification made by each of Tenant and Landlord set forth in this  Section 5.3  shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease and shall remain effective until all of Tenant s obligations under this  Section 5.3  have been completely performed and satisfied. 
     6.   SERVICES AND UTILITIES            
 6.1   In General .  Tenant will be responsible, at its sole cost and expense, for the furnishing of all services and utilities to the Premises (provided that Landlord and Tenant shall reasonably cooperate in good faith to cause any such utility provider to provide such utility to the point of entry into the Building; provided further that if any such utility provider is not responsible to make any repairs required to provide such utility to the point of entry into the Building, then Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to repair (or cause to be repaired) such utility in order to provide the same to the point of entry into the Building), including, but not limited to heating, ventilation and air-conditioning, electricity, water, telephone, janitorial and interior Building security services. 
 6.1.1  All utilities (including without limitation, electricity, gas, sewer and water) to the Building are separately metered at the Premises and shall be paid directly by Tenant to the applicable utility provider. 
 6.1.2  Landlord shall not provide janitorial services for the Premises.  Tenant shall be solely responsible for performing all janitorial services and other cleaning of the Premises, all in compliance with applicable laws.  The janitorial and cleaning of the Premises shall be adequate to maintain the Premises in a manner consistent with First Class Life Sciences Projects. 
 Tenant shall cooperate fully with Landlord at all times and abide by all regulations and requirements that Landlord may reasonably prescribe for the proper functioning and protection of the HVAC, electrical, mechanical and plumbing systems.  Provided that Landlord agrees to provide and maintain and keep in continuous service utility connections to the Project, including electricity, water and sewage connections, Landlord shall have no obligation to provide any services or utilities to the Building, including, but not limited to heating, ventilation and air-conditioning, electricity, water, telephone, janitorial and interior Building security services. 
   6.2   Interruption of Use .  Tenant agrees that Landlord shall not be liable for damages, by abatement of Rent or otherwise, for failure to furnish or delay in furnishing any service (including telephone and  

-20-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

telecommunication services), or for any diminution in the quality or quantity thereof, when such failure or delay or diminution is occasioned, in whole or in part, by breakage, repairs, replacements, or improvements, by any strike, lockout or other labor trouble, by inability to secure electricity, gas, water, or other fuel at the Building or Project after reasonable effort to do so, by any riot or other dangerous condition, emergency, accident or casualty whatsoever, by act or default of Tenant or other parties, or by any other cause; and such failures or delays or diminution shall never be deemed to constitute an eviction or disturbance of Tenant     s use and possession of the Premises or relieve Tenant from paying Rent or performing any of its obligations under this Lease.      Furthermore, Landlord shall not be liable under any circumstances for a loss of, or injury to, property or for injury to, or interference with, Tenant     s business, including, without limitation, loss of profits, however occurring, through or in connection with or incidental to a failure to furnish any of the services or utilities as set forth in this   Article     6  .  
   6.3   Energy Performance Disclosure Information .  Tenant hereby acknowledges that Landlord may be required to disclose certain information concerning the energy performance of the Building pursuant to California Public Resources Code Section 25402.10 and the regulations adopted pursuant thereto (collectively the   Energy Disclosure Requirements  ).  Tenant hereby acknowledges prior receipt of the Data Verification Checklist, as defined in the Energy Disclosure Requirements (the   Energy Disclosure Information  ), and agrees that Landlord has timely complied in full with Landlord s obligations under the Energy Disclosure Requirements.  Tenant acknowledges and agrees that (i) Landlord makes no representation or warranty regarding the energy performance of the Building or the accuracy or completeness of the Energy Disclosure Information, (ii) the Energy Disclosure Information is for the current occupancy and use of the Building and that the energy performance of the Building may vary depending on future occupancy and/or use of the Building, and (iii) Landlord shall have no liability to Tenant for any errors or omissions in the Energy Disclosure Information.  If and to the extent not prohibited by applicable laws, Tenant hereby waives any right Tenant may have to receive the Energy Disclosure Information, including, without limitation, any right Tenant may have to terminate this Lease as a result of Landlord s failure to disclose such information.  Further, Tenant hereby releases Landlord from any and all losses, costs, damages, expenses and/or liabilities relating to, arising out of and/or resulting from the Energy Disclosure Requirements, including, without limitation, any liabilities arising as a result of Landlord s failure to disclose the Energy Disclosure Information to Tenant prior to the execution of this Lease.  Tenant s acknowledgment of the AS-IS condition of the Premises pursuant to the terms of this Lease shall be deemed to include the energy performance of the Building.  Tenant further acknowledges that pursuant to the Energy Disclosure Requirements, Landlord may be required in the future to disclose information concerning Tenant s energy usage to certain third parties, including, without limitation, prospective purchasers, lenders and tenants of the Building (the   Tenant Energy Use Disclosure  ).  Tenant hereby (A) consents to all such Tenant Energy Use Disclosures, and (B) acknowledges that Landlord shall not be required to notify Tenant of any Tenant Energy Use Disclosure.  Further, Tenant hereby releases Landlord from any and all losses, costs, damages, expenses and liabilities relating to, arising out of and/or resulting from any Tenant Energy Use Disclosure.  The terms of this  Section 6.3  shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. 
 6.4   Tenant Maintained Security .  Tenant hereby acknowledges that Landlord shall have no obligation to provide, or otherwise pay for, any guard service or other security measures for the benefit of the Premises or the Project.  Tenant hereby assumes all responsibility for the protection of Tenant and its agents, employees, contractors, invitees and guests, and the property thereof, from acts of third parties, including keeping doors locked and other means of entry to the Premises closed.  In accordance with, initially, the terms and conditions of the Tenant Work Letter attached hereto as  Exhibit B , or thereafter the terms and conditions of  Article 8  of this Lease, Tenant shall be allowed, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, to install its own integrated security systems for the Premises. 
     7.   REPAIRS            
   7.1   Tenant Repair Obligations .  Subject to Landlord s obligations under  Section 1.1.4 , above, Tenant shall, throughout the Term, at its sole cost and expense, maintain, repair, replace and improve as required, the non- structural portion of the interior of the Premises and Building and every part thereof in a good standard of maintenance, repair and replacement as required, and in good and sanitary condition, all in accordance with the standards of First Class Life Sciences Projects, except for  Landlord Repair Obligations,  as that term is defined in  Section 7.4 , below, whether or not such maintenance, repair, replacement or improvement is required in order to comply with applicable Laws (  Tenant s Repair Obligations  ), including, without limitation, the following:  (1)  

-21-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

glass, windows, window frames, window casements (including the repairing, resealing, cleaning and replacing of both interior and exterior windows) and skylights; (2) interior and exterior doors, door frames and door closers; (3) interior lighting (including, without limitation, light bulbs and ballasts); (4) the plumbing, sewer, drainage, electrical, fire protection, elevator, escalator, life safety and security systems and equipment, existing heating, ventilation and air-conditioning systems, and all other mechanical, electrical and communications systems and equipment (collectively, the      Building Systems     ), including without limitation (i) any specialty or supplemental Building Systems installed by or for Tenant and (ii) all electrical facilities and equipment, including lighting fixtures, lamps, fans and any exhaust equipment and systems, electrical motors and all other appliances and equipment of every kind and nature located in, upon or about the Premises; (5) all communications systems serving the Premises; (6) all of Tenant     s security systems in or about or serving the Premises; (7) Tenant     s signage; (8) interior demising walls and partitions (including painting and wall coverings), equipment, floors, and any roll-up doors, ramps and dock equipment; and (9) the non-structural portions of the roof of the Building.      Tenant s Repair Obligations also includes the routine maintenance of the load bearing and exterior walls of the Building, including, without limitation, any painting, sealing, patching and waterproofing of such walls.      Tenant shall additionally be responsible, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, to furnish all expendables, including light bulbs, paper goods and soaps, used in the Premises, and, to the extent that Landlord notifies Tenant in writing of its intention to no longer arrange for such monitoring, cause the fire alarm systems serving the Premises to be monitored by a monitoring or protective services firm approved by Landlord in writing.  
 7.2   Service Contracts .  All Building Systems, including HVAC, elevators, main electrical, plumbing and fire/life-safety systems, shall be maintained, repaired and replaced by Tenant (i) in a commercially reasonable condition consistent with prevalent industry practices, (ii) in accordance with any applicable manufacturer specifications relating to any particular component of such Building Systems, (iii) in accordance with applicable Laws.  Tenant shall contract with a qualified, experienced professional third party service companies (a   Service Contract  ).  Tenant shall regularly, in accordance with commercially reasonable standards, generate and maintain preventive maintenance records relating to each Building s mechanical and main electrical systems, including life safety, elevators and the central plant (  Preventative Maintenance Records  ).  In addition, upon Landlord s request, Tenant shall deliver a copy of all current Service Contracts to Landlord and/or a copy of the Preventative Maintenance Records. 
 7.3   Landlord s Right to Perform Tenant s Repair Obligations .  Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing at least ten (10) days prior to performing any material Tenant s Repair Obligations, including without limitation, any Tenant s Repair Obligation which affect the Building Systems or which is reasonably anticipated to cost more than $100,000.00, which notice will provide the reasonably anticipated schedule for completion of such repair.  Upon receipt of such notice from Tenant, Landlord shall have the right to either (i) perform such material Tenant s Repair Obligation materially on the same schedule set by Tenant for such repair by delivering notice of such election to Tenant within ten (10) days following receipt of Tenant s notice, and Tenant shall pay Landlord the cost thereof (including Landlord s reasonable supervision fee) within thirty (30) days after receipt of an invoice therefor, or (ii) require Tenant to perform such Tenant s Repair Obligation at Tenant s sole cost and expense.  If Tenant fails to perform any Tenant s Repair Obligation within a reasonable time period, as reasonably determined by Landlord, then Landlord may, but need not, following delivery of notice to Tenant of such election, make such Tenant Repair Obligation, and Tenant shall pay Landlord the cost thereof, (including Landlord s reasonable supervision fee) within thirty (30) days after receipt of an invoice therefor. 
   7.4   Landlord Repair Obligations .  Landlord shall be responsible for repairs to the exterior walls, foundation and roof of the Building, the structural portions of the floors of the Building, except to the extent that such repairs are required due to the negligence or willful misconduct of Tenant (the   Landlord Repair Obligation   provided, however, that if such repairs are due to the negligence or willful misconduct of Tenant, Landlord shall nevertheless make such repairs at Tenant s expense, or, if covered by Landlord s insurance, Tenant shall only be obligated to pay any deductible in connection therewith. 
     8.   ADDITIONS AND ALTERATIONS            
   8.1   Landlord s Consent to Alterations .  Tenant may not make any improvements, alterations, additions or changes to the Premises or any mechanical, plumbing or HVAC facilities or systems pertaining to the  

-22-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

Premises (collectively, the      Alterations           ) without first procuring the prior written consent of Landlord to such Alterations, which consent shall be requested by Tenant not less than thirty (30) days prior to the commencement thereof, and which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld by Landlord, provided it shall be deemed reasonable for Landlord to withhold its consent to any Alteration which adversely affects the structural portions or the systems or equipment of the Building or is visible from the exterior of the Building.      Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall be permitted to make Alterations following ten (10) business days      notice to Landlord, but without Landlord     s prior consent, to the extent that such Alterations (i) do not affect the building systems or equipment, (ii) are not visible from the exterior of the Building, and (iii) cost less than $50,000.00 for a particular job of work.      The construction of the initial improvements to the Premises shall be governed by the terms of the Tenant Work Letter and not the terms of this   Article     8  .  
 8.2   Manner of Construction .  Landlord may impose, as a condition of its consent to any and all Alterations or repairs of the Premises or about the Premises, such requirements as Landlord in its reasonable discretion may deem desirable, including, but not limited to, the requirement that in accordance with the terms of  Section 8.5 , below, Tenant shall, at Tenant s expense, remove such Alterations upon the expiration or any early termination of the Lease Term.  Tenant shall construct such Alterations and perform such repairs in a good and workmanlike manner, in conformance with any and all applicable federal, state, county or municipal laws, rules and regulations and pursuant to a valid building permit, issued by the city in which the Building is located (or other applicable governmental authority).  Tenant shall not use (and upon notice from Landlord shall cease using) contractors, services, workmen, labor, materials or equipment that, in Landlord s reasonable judgment, would disturb labor harmony with the workforce or trades engaged in performing other work, labor or services in or about the Building or the Common Areas.  Upon completion of any Alterations (or repairs), Tenant shall deliver to Landlord final lien waivers from all contractors, subcontractors and materialmen who performed such work.  In addition to Tenant s obligations under  Article 9  of this Lease, upon completion of any Alterations, Tenant agrees to cause a Notice of Completion to be recorded in the office of the Recorder of the County of San Diego in accordance with Section 8182 of the Civil Code of the State of California or any successor statute, and Tenant shall deliver to the Project construction manager a reproducible copy of the   as built   drawings of the Alterations as well as all permits, approvals and other documents issued by any governmental agency in connection with the Alterations. 
 8.3   Payment for Improvements .  If Tenant orders any work directly from Landlord, Tenant shall pay to Landlord an amount equal to five percent (5%) of the cost of such work to compensate Landlord for all overhead, general conditions, fees and other costs and expenses arising from Landlord s involvement with such work.  If Tenant does not order any work directly from Landlord, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for Landlord s reasonable, actual, out-of-pocket costs and expenses actually incurred in connection with Landlord s review of such work. 
 8.4   Construction Insurance .  In addition to the requirements of  Article 10  of this Lease, in the event that Tenant makes any Alterations, prior to the commencement of such Alterations, Tenant shall provide Landlord with evidence that Tenant carries   Builder s All Risk   insurance in an amount approved by Landlord covering the construction of such Alterations, and such other insurance as Landlord may reasonably require, it being understood and agreed that all of such Alterations shall be insured by Tenant pursuant to  Article 10  of this Lease immediately upon completion thereof.  In addition, Tenant s contractors and subcontractors shall be required to carry (i) Commercial General Liability Insurance in an amount approved by Landlord, with Landlord, and, at Landlord s option, Landlord s property manager and project manager, as additional insureds in an amount approved by Landlord, and otherwise in accordance with the requirements of  Article 10  of this Lease, and (ii) workers compensation insurance with a waiver of subrogation in favor of Landlord.  Landlord may, in its reasonable judgment taking into consideration the anticipated cost of such Alteration and Tenant s then financial wherewithal, require Tenant to obtain a lien and completion bond or some alternate form of security satisfactory to Landlord in an amount sufficient to ensure the lien-free completion of such Alterations and naming Landlord as a co-obligee.  For purposes of determining the cost of an Alteration, work done in phases or stages shall be considered part of the same Alteration, and any Alteration shall be deemed to include all trades and materials involved in accomplishing a particular result. 
     8.5   Landlord s Property .  All Alterations, improvements, fixtures, equipment and/or appurtenances which may be installed or placed in or about the Premises, from time to time, shall be at the sole cost of Tenant and shall be and become the property of Landlord and remain in place at the Premises following the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord may, by written notice to Tenant prior to the end of the Lease Term, or given following any earlier termination of this Lease, require Tenant, at Tenant s expense,  

-23-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

to remove any Alterations and/or improvements and/or systems and equipment within the Premises and to repair any damage to the Premises and Building caused by such removal; provided; however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, upon request by Tenant at the time of Tenant     s request for Landlord     s consent to any Alteration or improvement, Landlord shall notify Tenant whether the applicable Alteration or improvement will be required to be removed pursuant to the terms of this   Section     8.5   and whether Tenant will be required to restore any portion of the Premises affected by such removal, and Tenant shall have no removal or restoration obligations for Alterations or improvements identified in such notice as not requiring removal by Landlord.      If Tenant fails to complete any required removal and/or to repair any damage caused by the removal of any Alterations and/or improvements and/or systems and equipment in the Premises and return the affected portion of the Premises to a condition required by Landlord (subject to the immediately preceding sentence), Landlord may do so and may charge the cost thereof to Tenant.      Tenant hereby protects, defends, indemnifies and holds Landlord harmless from any liability, cost, obligation, expense or claim of lien in any manner relating to the installation, placement, removal or financing of any such Alterations, improvements, fixtures and/or equipment in, on or about the Premises, which obligations of Tenant shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.  
     9.   COVENANT AGAINST LIENS         Tenant shall keep the Project and Premises free from any liens or encumbrances arising out of the work performed, materials furnished or obligations incurred by or on behalf of Tenant, and shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, judgments or costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and costs) arising out of same or in connection therewith.  Tenant shall give Landlord notice at least twenty (20) days prior to the commencement of any such work on the Premises (or such additional time as may be necessary under applicable laws) to afford Landlord the opportunity of posting and recording appropriate notices of non-responsibility (to the extent applicable pursuant to then applicable laws).  Tenant shall remove any such lien or encumbrance by bond or otherwise within ten (10) business days after notice by Landlord, and if Tenant shall fail to do so, Landlord may pay the amount necessary to remove such lien or encumbrance, without being responsible for investigating the validity thereof.  
     10.   INSURANCE            
     10.1   Indemnification and Waiver . Subject to the waiver of subrogation  provisions set forth in  Section 10.5 , and except to the extent arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord or the   Landlord Parties ,  as that term is defined below, or Landlord s breach of this Lease, Tenant hereby assumes all risk of damage to property or injury to persons in, upon or about the Premises from any cause whatsoever and agrees that Landlord, its partners, subpartners and their respective officers, agents, servants, employees, lenders, any property manager and independent contractors (collectively,   Landlord Parties  ) shall not be liable for, and are hereby released from any responsibility for, any damage either to person or property or resulting from the loss of use thereof, which damage is sustained by Tenant or by other persons claiming through Tenant.  Except to the extent arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord or the Landlord Parties or Landlord s breach of this Lease, Tenant shall indemnify, defend, protect, and hold harmless the Landlord Parties from any and all claims, loss, cost, damage, injury, expense and liability (including without limitation court costs and reasonable attorneys  fees) incurred in connection with or arising from any cause in, on or about the Premises, any acts, omissions or negligence of Tenant or of any person claiming by, through or under Tenant, or of the contractors, agents, servants, employees, invitees, guests or licensees of Tenant or any such person, in, on or about the Project or any breach of the terms of this Lease, either prior to, during, or after the expiration of the Lease Term.  Landlord shall indemnify, defend, protect, and hold Tenant harmless from any and all loss, cost, damage, expense and liability (including without limitation reasonable attorneys  fees) to the extent arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord or any Landlord Parties in, on or about the Project, except to the extent caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of the Tenant Parties.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Lease, either party s agreement to indemnify the other party as set forth in this  Section 10.1  shall be ineffective to the extent the matters for which such party agreed to indemnify the other party are covered by insurance required to be carried by the non-indemnifying party pursuant to this Lease.  Further, Tenant s agreement to indemnify Landlord and Landlord s agreement to indemnify Tenant pursuant to this  Section 10.1  are not intended to and shall not relieve any insurance carrier of its obligations under policies required to be carried pursuant to the provisions of this Lease, to the extent such policies cover, or if carried, would have covered the matters, subject to the parties  respective indemnification obligations; nor shall they supersede any inconsistent agreement of the parties set forth in any other provision of this Lease.  Should Landlord be named as a defendant in any suit brought against Tenant in connection with or arising out of Tenant s occupancy of the Premises, Tenant shall pay to Landlord its reasonable costs and  

-24-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

expenses incurred in such suit, including without limitation, its actual professional fees such as reasonable appraisers     , accountants      and attorneys      fees.      The provisions of this   Section     10.1   shall survive the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease with respect to any claims or liability arising in connection with any event occurring prior to such expiration or termination.  
 10.2   Tenant s Compliance With Landlord s Property Insurance .  Landlord shall insure the Building during the Lease Term against loss or damage under a building property and general liability insurance policy.  Such coverage shall be in such amounts, from such companies, and on such other terms and conditions, as Landlord may from time to time reasonably determine.  Additionally, at the option of Landlord, such insurance coverage may include the risks of earthquakes and/or flood damage and additional hazards, a rental loss endorsement and one or more loss payee endorsements in favor of the holders of any mortgages or deeds of trust encumbering the interest of Landlord in the Building or the ground or underlying lessors of the Building, or any portion thereof.  Tenant shall, at Tenant s expense, comply with all insurance company requirements pertaining to the use of the Premises.  If Tenant s conduct or use of the Premises causes any increase in the premium for such insurance policies then Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for any such increase.  Tenant, at Tenant s expense, shall comply with all rules, orders, regulations or requirements of the American Insurance Association (formerly the National Board of Fire Underwriters) and with any similar body. 
   10.3   Tenant s Insurance .  Tenant shall maintain the following coverages in the following amounts. 
 10.3.1  Commercial General Liability Insurance on an occurrence form covering the insured against claims of bodily injury, personal injury and property damage (including loss of use thereof) arising out of Tenant s operations, and contractual liabilities including a contractual coverage, and including products and completed operations coverage, for limits of liability on a per location basis of not less than: 

10.3.2  Property Insurance covering (i) all office furniture, business and trade fixtures, office equipment, free-standing cabinet work, movable partitions, merchandise and all other items of Tenant s property on the Premises installed by, for, or at the expense of Tenant, (ii) the   Tenant Improvements ,  as that term is defined in the Tenant Work Letter, and any other improvements which exist in the Premises as of the Lease Commencement Date (excluding the  Base Building,  as that term is defined below) (the   Original Improvements    ), and (iii) all other improvements, alterations and additions to the Premises.  Such insurance shall be written on an   all risks   of physical loss or damage basis, for the full replacement cost value (subject to reasonable deductible amounts) new without deduction for depreciation of the covered items and in amounts that meet any co-insurance clauses of the policies of insurance and shall include coverage for damage or other loss caused by fire or other peril including, but not limited to, vandalism and malicious mischief, theft, sprinkler leakage, bursting or stoppage of pipes, and explosion.  As used in this Lease, the   Base Building     shall include the structural portions of the Building, and the elevators, exit stairwells and the systems and equipment located in the internal core of the Building. 
 10.3.3  Business Income Interruption for one (1) year plus Extra Expense insurance in such amounts as will reimburse Tenant for actual direct or indirect loss of earnings attributable to the risks outlined in  Section 10.3.2  above, up to the Tenant s blanket coverage limit for business interruption insurance of $8,395,000. 
 10.3.4  Worker s Compensation and Employer s Liability or other similar insurance pursuant to all applicable state and local statutes and regulations.  The policy shall include a waiver of subrogation in favor of Landlord, its employees, Lenders and any property manager or partners. 
   10.4   Form of Policies .  The minimum limits of policies of insurance required of Tenant under this Lease shall in no event limit the liability of Tenant under this Lease.  Such insurance shall (i) name Landlord, its subsidiaries and affiliates, its property manager (if any) and any other party the Landlord so specifies, as an  

-25-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

additional insured, including Landlord     s managing agent (but only with regard to commercial liability and general property insurance), if any; (ii) be issued by an insurance company having a rating of not less than A:IX in Best     s Insurance Guide or which is otherwise acceptable to Landlord and licensed to do business in the State of California; (iv) be primary insurance as to all claims thereunder and provide that any insurance carried by Landlord is excess and is non-contributing with any insurance required of Tenant; (v) be in form and content reasonably acceptable to Landlord; and (vi) provide that said insurance shall not be canceled or coverage changed unless thirty (30) days      prior written notice shall have been given to Landlord and any mortgagee of Landlord (unless such cancellation is the result of non-payment of premiums).      Tenant shall deliver said policy or policies or certificates thereof to Landlord on or before the Lease Commencement Date and at least ten (10) days before the expiration dates thereof.      In the event Tenant shall fail to procure such insurance, or to deliver such policies or certificate, Landlord may, at its option, procure such policies for the account of Tenant, and the cost thereof shall be paid to Landlord within five (5) days after delivery to Tenant of bills therefor.  
   10.5   Subrogation .  Landlord and Tenant hereby agree to look solely to, and seek recovery only from, their respective insurance carriers in the event of a property or business interruption loss to the extent that such coverage is agreed to be provided hereunder.  The parties each hereby waive all rights and claims against each other for such losses, and waive all rights of subrogation of their respective insurers, provided such waiver of subrogation shall not affect the right to the insured to recover thereunder.  The parties agree that their respective insurance policies do now, or shall, contain the waiver of subrogation. 
 10.6   Additional Insurance Obligations .  Tenant shall carry and maintain during the entire Lease Term, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, increased amounts of the insurance required to be carried by Tenant pursuant to this  Article 10  and such other reasonable types of insurance coverage and in such reasonable amounts covering the Premises and Tenant s operations therein, as may be reasonably requested by Landlord or Landlord s lender, but in no event in excess of the amounts and types of insurance then being required by landlords of buildings comparable to and in the vicinity of the Building. 
     11.   DAMAGE AND DESTRUCTION            
     11.1   Repair of Damage to Premises by Landlord .  Tenant shall promptly notify Landlord of any damage to the Premises resulting from fire or any other casualty.  If the Premises or any Common Areas serving or providing access to the Premises shall be damaged by fire or other casualty, Landlord shall promptly and diligently, subject to reasonable delays for insurance adjustment or other matters beyond Landlord s reasonable control, and subject to all other terms of this  Article 11 , restore the Base Building and such Common Areas.  Such restoration shall be to substantially the same condition of the Base Building and the Common Areas prior to the casualty, except for modifications required by zoning and building codes and other laws or by the holder of a mortgage on the Building or Project or any other modifications to the Common Areas deemed desirable by Landlord, which are consistent with the character of the Project, provided that access to the Premises shall not be materially impaired.  Upon the occurrence of any damage to the Premises, upon notice (the   Landlord Repair Notice    ) to Tenant from Landlord, Tenant shall assign to Landlord (or to any party designated by Landlord) all insurance proceeds payable to Tenant under Tenant s insurance required under  Section 10.3  of this Lease, and Landlord shall repair any injury or damage to the Tenant Improvements and the Original Improvements installed in the Premises and shall return such Tenant Improvements and Original Improvements to their original condition; provided that if the cost of such repair by Landlord exceeds the amount of insurance proceeds received by Landlord from Tenant s insurance carrier, as assigned by Tenant, the excess cost of such repairs shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord in accordance with a reasonable progress payment schedule, or, in the event Tenant is not the Original Tenant, then prior to Landlord s commencement of repair of the damage.  In the event that Landlord does not deliver the Landlord Repair Notice within sixty (60) days following the date the casualty becomes known to Landlord, Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, repair any injury or damage to the Tenant Improvements and the Original Improvements installed in the Premises and shall return such Tenant Improvements and Original Improvements to their original condition.  Whether or not Landlord delivers a Landlord Repair Notice, prior to the commencement of construction, Tenant shall submit to Landlord, for Landlord s review and approval, all plans, specifications and working drawings relating thereto, and Landlord shall select the contractors to perform such improvement work.  Landlord shall not be liable for any inconvenience or annoyance to Tenant or its visitors, or injury to Tenant s business resulting in any way from such damage or the repair thereof; provided however, that if such fire or other casualty shall have damaged the Premises or Common Areas necessary to Tenant s occupancy, and the Premises are not occupied by  

-26-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

Tenant as a result thereof, then during the time and to the extent the Premises are unfit for occupancy, the Rent shall be abated in proportion to the ratio that the amount of rentable square feet of the Premises which is unfit for occupancy for the purposes permitted under this Lease bears to the total rentable square feet of the Premises.      In the event that Landlord shall not deliver the Landlord Repair Notice, Tenant     s right to rent abatement pursuant to the preceding sentence shall terminate as of the date which is reasonably determined by Landlord to be the date Tenant should have completed repairs to the Premises assuming Tenant used reasonable due diligence in connection therewith.  
   11.2   Landlord s Option to Repair .  Notwithstanding the terms of  Section 11.1  of this Lease, Landlord may elect not to rebuild and/or restore the Premises, Building and/or Project, and instead terminate this Lease, by notifying Tenant in writing of such termination within forty-five (45) days after the date of discovery of the damage, such notice to include a termination date giving Tenant sixty (60) days to vacate the Premises, but Landlord may so elect only if the Building or Project shall be damaged by fire or other casualty or cause, whether or not the Premises are affected, and one or more of the following conditions is present:  (i) in Landlord s reasonable judgment, repairs cannot reasonably be completed within one hundred eighty (180) days after the date of discovery of the damage (when such repairs are made without the payment of overtime or other premiums); (ii) the holder of any mortgage on the Building or Project or ground lessor with respect to the Building or Project shall require that the insurance proceeds or any portion thereof be used to retire the mortgage debt, or shall terminate the ground lease, as the case may be; (iii) the damage is not fully covered by Landlord s insurance policies, after the payment by Landlord of any deductible under the applicable insurance policy in an amount equal to Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00); (iv) Landlord decides to rebuild the Building or Common Areas so that they will be substantially different structurally or architecturally; (v) the damage occurs during the last twelve (12) months of the Lease Term; or (vi) any owner of any other portion of the Project, other than Landlord, does not intend to repair the damage to such portion of the Project; provided, however, that if Landlord does not elect to terminate this Lease pursuant to Landlord s termination right as provided above, and the repairs cannot, in the reasonable opinion of Landlord, be completed within one hundred eighty (180) days after being commenced, Tenant may elect, no earlier than sixty (60) days after the date of the damage and not later than ninety (90) days after the date of such damage, to terminate this Lease by written notice to Landlord effective as of the date specified in the notice, which date shall not be less than thirty (30) days nor more than sixty (60) days after the date such notice is given by Tenant.  Notwithstanding the provisions of this  Section 11.2 , Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease under this  Section 11.2  only if each of the following conditions is satisfied:  (a) the damage to the Project by fire or other casualty was not caused by the gross negligence or intentional act of Tenant or its partners or subpartners and their respective officers, agents, servants, employees, and independent contractors; (b) as a result of the damage, Tenant cannot reasonably conduct business from the Premises; and () as a result of the damage to the Project, Tenant does not occupy or use the Premises at all. 
 11.3   Waiver of Statutory Provisions .  The provisions of this Lease, including this  Article 11 , constitute an express agreement between Landlord and Tenant with respect to any and all damage to, or destruction of, all or any part of the Premises, the Building or the Project, and any statute or regulation of the State of California, including, without limitation, Sections 1932(2) and 1933(4) of the California Civil Code, with respect to any rights or obligations concerning damage or destruction in the absence of an express agreement between the parties, and any other statute or regulation, now or hereafter in effect, shall have no application to this Lease or any damage or destruction to all or any part of the Premises, the Building or the Project. 
     12.   NONWAIVER         No provision of this Lease shall be deemed waived by either party hereto unless expressly waived in a writing signed thereby.  The waiver by either party hereto of any breach of any term, covenant or condition herein contained shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of same or any other term, covenant or condition herein contained.  The subsequent acceptance of Rent hereunder by Landlord shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding breach by Tenant of any term, covenant or condition of this Lease, other than the failure of Tenant to pay the particular Rent so accepted, regardless of Landlord s knowledge of such preceding breach at the time of acceptance of such Rent.  No acceptance of a lesser amount than the Rent herein stipulated shall be deemed a waiver of Landlord s right to receive the full amount due, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check or payment or any letter accompanying such check or payment be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and Landlord may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord s right to recover the full amount due.  No receipt of monies by Landlord from Tenant after the termination of this Lease shall in any way alter the length of the Lease Term or of Tenant s right of possession hereunder, or after the giving of any notice shall reinstate, continue or extend the Lease Term or affect any notice given Tenant prior to the receipt of such monies, it   

-27-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

being agreed that after the service of notice or the commencement of a suit, or after final judgment for possession of the Premises, Landlord may receive and collect any Rent due, and the payment of said Rent shall not waive or affect said notice, suit or judgment.  
     13.   CONDEMNATION         If the whole or any part of the Premises, Building or Project shall be taken by power of eminent domain or condemned by any competent authority for any public or quasi-public use or purpose, or if any adjacent property or street shall be so taken or condemned, or reconfigured or vacated by such authority in such manner as to require the use, reconstruction or remodeling of any part of the Premises, Building or Project, or if Landlord shall grant a deed or other instrument in lieu of such taking by eminent domain or condemnation, Landlord shall have the option to terminate this Lease effective as of the date possession is required to be surrendered to the authority.  Tenant shall not because of such taking assert any claim against Landlord or the authority for any compensation because of such taking and Landlord shall be entitled to the entire award or payment in connection therewith, except that Tenant shall have the right to file any separate claim available to Tenant for any taking of Tenant s personal property and fixtures belonging to Tenant and removable by Tenant upon expiration of the Lease Term pursuant to the terms of this Lease, and for moving expenses, so long as such claims do not materially diminish the award available to Landlord, its ground lessor with respect to the Building or Project or its mortgagee, and such claim is payable separately to Tenant.  All Rent shall be apportioned as of the date of such termination.  If any part of the Premises shall be taken, and this Lease shall not be so terminated, the Rent shall be proportionately abated.  Tenant hereby waives any and all rights it might otherwise have pursuant to Section 1265.130 of The California Code of Civil Procedure.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this   Article 13  , in the event of a temporary taking of all or any portion of the Premises for a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days or less, then this Lease shall not terminate but the Base Rent and the Additional Rent shall be abated for the period of such taking in proportion to the ratio that the amount of rentable square feet of the Premises taken bears to the total rentable square feet of the Premises.  Landlord shall be entitled to receive the entire award made in connection with any such temporary taking.  
     14.   ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING            
   14.1   Transfers .  Tenant shall not, without the prior written consent of Landlord, which will not be unreasonably withheld, assign, mortgage, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, or permit any lien to attach to, or otherwise transfer, this Lease or any interest hereunder, permit any assignment, or other transfer of this Lease or any interest hereunder by operation of law, sublet the Premises or any part thereof, or enter into any license or concession agreements or otherwise permit the occupancy or use of the Premises or any part thereof by any persons other than Tenant and its employees and contractors (all of the foregoing are hereinafter sometimes referred to collectively as   Transfers   and any person to whom any Transfer is made or sought to be made is hereinafter sometimes referred to as a   Transferee    ).  If Tenant desires Landlord s consent to any Transfer, Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing, which notice (the   Transfer Notice    ) shall include (i) the proposed effective date of the Transfer, which shall not be less than thirty (30) days nor more than one hundred eighty (180) days after the date of delivery of the Transfer Notice, (ii) a description of the portion of the Premises to be transferred (the   Subject Space    ), (iii) all of the terms of the proposed Transfer and the consideration therefor, including calculation of the   Transfer Premium  , as that term is defined in  Section 14.3  below, in connection with such Transfer, the name and address of the proposed Transferee, and a copy of all existing executed and/or proposed documentation pertaining to the proposed Transfer, and (iv) current financial statements of the proposed Transferee certified by an officer, partner or owner thereof, business credit and personal references and history of the proposed Transferee and any other information reasonably required by Landlord which will enable Landlord to determine the financial responsibility, character, and reputation of the proposed Transferee, nature of such Transferee s business and proposed use of the Subject Space.  Any Transfer made without Landlord s prior written consent shall, at Landlord s option, be null, void and of no effect, and shall, at Landlord s option, constitute a default by Tenant under this Lease.  Whether or not Landlord consents to any proposed Transfer, Tenant shall pay Landlord s reasonable review and processing fees, as well as any reasonable professional fees (including, without limitation, attorneys , accountants , architects , engineers  and consultants  fees) incurred by Landlord, not to exceed Two Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($2,000.00) for a Transfer in the ordinary course of business, within thirty (30) days after written request by Landlord. 
     14.2   Landlord s Consent .  Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay its consent to any proposed Transfer of the Subject Space to the Transferee on the terms specified in the Transfer Notice.  Without  

-28-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

limitation as to other reasonable grounds for withholding consent, the parties hereby agree that it shall be reasonable under this Lease and under any applicable law for Landlord to withhold consent to any proposed Transfer where one or more of the following apply:  
 14.2.1  The Transferee is of a character or reputation or engaged in a business which is not consistent with the quality of the Building or the Project; 
 14.2.2  The Transferee is either a governmental agency or instrumentality thereof; 
 14.2.3  (A) If the Transferee is an assignee, the Transferee, (i) if such Transferee is a public company, has a market capitalization less than Tenant s market capitalization as of the date of this Lease (which the parties hereby agree is $385,000,000.00) (  Tenant s Market Capitalization  ), and (ii) if such Transferee is not a public company, has a tangible net worth (not including goodwill as an asset) computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles which is less than the equivalent to Tenant s Market Capitalization, and (B) if the Transferee is a sublessee, the Transferee is not a party of reasonable financial worth and/or financial stability in light of the responsibilities to be undertaken in connection with the Transfer on the date consent is requested; or 
 14.2.4  The proposed Transfer would cause a violation of another lease for space in the Project, or would give an occupant of the Project a right to cancel its lease. 
 If Landlord consents to any Transfer pursuant to the terms of this  Section 14.2  (and does not exercise any recapture rights Landlord may have under  Section 14.4  of this Lease), Tenant may within six (6) months after Landlord s consent, but not later than the expiration of said six-month period, enter into such Transfer of the Premises or portion thereof, upon substantially the same terms and conditions as are set forth in the Transfer Notice furnished by Tenant to Landlord pursuant to  Section 14.1  of this Lease, provided that if there are any changes in the terms and conditions from those specified in the Transfer Notice such that Landlord would initially have been entitled to refuse its consent to such Transfer under this  Section 14.2 , Tenant shall again submit the Transfer to Landlord for its approval and other action under this  Article 14  (including Landlord s right of recapture, if any, under  Section 14.4  of this Lease).  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Lease, if Tenant or any proposed Transferee claims that Landlord has unreasonably withheld or delayed its consent under  Section 14.2  or otherwise has breached or acted unreasonably under this  Article 14 , their sole remedies shall be a suit for contract damages (other than damages for injury to, or interference with, Tenant s business including, without limitation, loss of profits, however occurring) or declaratory judgment and an injunction for the relief sought, and Tenant hereby waives all other remedies, including, without limitation, any right at law or equity to terminate this Lease, on its own behalf and, to the extent permitted under all applicable laws, on behalf of the proposed Transferee. 
   14.3   Transfer Premium .  If Landlord consents to a Transfer, as a condition thereto which the parties hereby agree is reasonable, Tenant shall pay to Landlord fifty percent (50%) of any   Transfer Premium ,  as that term is defined in this  Section 14.3 , received by Tenant from such Transferee.   Transfer Premium   shall mean all rent, additional rent or other consideration payable by such Transferee in connection with the Transfer in excess of the Rent and Additional Rent payable by Tenant under this Lease during the term of the Transfer on a per rentable square foot basis if less than all of the Premises is transferred, and after deduction of (i) any costs of improvements made to the Subject Space in connection with such Transfer, (ii) brokerage commissions and reasonable marketing costs paid in connection with such Transfer, (iii) rent abatement granted to the Transferee, and (iii) reasonable legal fees incurred in connection with such Transfer.   Transfer Premium   shall also include, but not be limited to, key money, bonus money or other cash consideration paid by Transferee to Tenant in connection with such Transfer, and any payment in excess of fair market value for fixtures, equipment, or furniture transferred by Tenant to Transferee in connection with such Transfer; provided that any payments for services rendered by Tenant to Transferee or for assets or inventory shall not be used as a subterfuge by Tenant to avoid paying a Transfer Premium hereunder.  The determination of the amount of Landlord s applicable share of the Transfer Premium shall be made on a monthly basis as rent or other consideration is received by Tenant under the Transfer. 
     14.4   Landlord s Option as to Subject Space .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this  Article 14 , in the event Tenant contemplates a Transfer which, together with all prior Transfers then remaining in effect, would cause fifty percent (50%) or more of the Premises to be Transferred for more than fifty percent  

-29-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

(50%) of the then remaining Lease Term (taking into account any extension of the Lease Term which has irrevocably exercised by Tenant), Tenant shall give Landlord notice (the      Intention to Transfer Notice           ) of such contemplated Transfer (whether or not the contemplated Transferee or the terms of such contemplated Transfer have been determined).      The Intention to Transfer Notice shall specify the portion of and amount of rentable square feet of the Premises which Tenant intends to Transfer (the      Contemplated Transfer Space           ), the contemplated date of commencement of the Contemplated Transfer (the      Contemplated Effective Date           ), and the contemplated length of the term of such contemplated Transfer, and shall specify that such Intention to Transfer Notice is delivered to Landlord pursuant to this   Section     14.4   in order to allow Landlord to elect to recapture the Contemplated Transfer Space.      Thereafter, Landlord shall have the option, by giving written notice to Tenant within thirty (30) days after receipt of any Intention to Transfer Notice, to recapture the Contemplated Transfer Space.      Such recapture shall cancel and terminate this Lease with respect to such Contemplated Transfer Space as of the Contemplated Effective Date.      In the event of a recapture by Landlord, if this Lease shall be canceled with respect to less than the entire Premises, the Rent reserved herein shall be prorated on the basis of the number of rentable square feet retained by Tenant in proportion to the number of rentable square feet contained in the Premises, and this Lease as so amended shall continue thereafter in full force and effect, and upon request of either party, the parties shall execute written confirmation of the same.      If Landlord declines, or fails to elect in a timely manner, to recapture such Contemplated Transfer Space under this   Section     14.4  ,   then, subject to the other terms of this   Article     14  ,   for a period of nine (9) months (the      Nine Month Period           ) commencing on the last day of such thirty (30) day period, Landlord shall not have any right to recapture the Contemplated Transfer Space with respect to any Transfer made during the Nine Month Period, provided that any such Transfer is substantially on the terms set forth in the Intention to Transfer Notice, and provided further that any such Transfer shall be subject to the remaining terms of this   Article     14  .      If such a Transfer is not so consummated within the Nine Month Period (or if a Transfer is so consummated, then upon the expiration of the term of any Transfer of such Contemplated Transfer Space consummated within such Nine Month Period), Tenant shall again be required to submit a new Intention to Transfer Notice to Landlord with respect any contemplated Transfer, as provided above in this   Section     14.4  .  
 14.5   Effect of Transfer .  If Landlord consents to a Transfer, (i) the terms and conditions of this Lease shall in no way be deemed to have been waived or modified, (ii) such consent shall not be deemed consent to any further Transfer by either Tenant or a Transferee, (iii) Tenant shall deliver to Landlord, promptly after execution, an original executed copy of all documentation pertaining to the Transfer in form reasonably acceptable to Landlord, (iv) Tenant shall furnish upon Landlord s request a complete statement, certified by an independent certified public accountant, or Tenant s chief financial officer, setting forth in detail the computation of any Transfer Premium Tenant has derived and shall derive from such Transfer, and (v) no Transfer relating to this Lease or agreement entered into with respect thereto, whether with or without Landlord s consent, shall relieve Tenant or any guarantor of the Lease from any liability under this Lease, including, without limitation, in connection with the Subject Space.  Landlord or its authorized representatives shall have the right at all reasonable times to audit the books, records and papers of Tenant relating to any Transfer, and shall have the right to make copies thereof.  If the Transfer Premium respecting any Transfer shall be found understated, Tenant shall, within thirty (30) days after demand, pay the deficiency, and if understated by more than five percent (5%), Tenant shall pay Landlord s costs of such audit. 
 14.6   Additional Transfers .  For purposes of this Lease, the term   Transfer   shall also include (i) if Tenant is a partnership, the withdrawal or change, voluntary, involuntary or by operation of law, of fifty percent (50%) or more of the partners, or transfer of fifty percent (50%) or more of partnership interests, within a twelve (12)-month period, or the dissolution of the partnership without immediate reconstitution thereof, and (ii) if Tenant is a closely held corporation  (i.e.,  whose stock is not publicly held and not traded through an exchange or over the counter), (A) the dissolution, merger, consolidation or other reorganization of Tenant or (B) the sale or other transfer of an aggregate of fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting shares of Tenant (other than to immediate family members by reason of gift or death), within a twelve (12)-month period, or (C) the sale, mortgage, hypothecation or pledge of an aggregate of fifty percent (50%) or more of the value of the unencumbered assets of Tenant within a twelve (12)-month period. 
   14.7   Occurrence of Default .  Any Transfer hereunder shall be subordinate and subject to the provisions of this Lease, and if this Lease shall be terminated during the term of any Transfer, Landlord shall have the right to:  (i) treat such Transfer as cancelled and repossess the Subject Space by any lawful means, or (ii) require that such Transferee attorn to and recognize Landlord as its landlord under any such Transfer.  If Tenant shall be in default under this Lease, Landlord is hereby irrevocably authorized, as Tenant s agent and attorney-in-fact, to direct any Transferee  

-30-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

to make all payments under or in connection with the Transfer directly to Landlord (which Landlord shall apply towards Tenant     s obligations under this Lease) until such default is cured.      Such Transferee shall rely on any representation by Landlord that Tenant is in default hereunder, without any need for confirmation thereof by Tenant.      Upon any assignment, the assignee shall assume in writing all obligations and covenants of Tenant thereafter to be performed or observed under this Lease.      No collection or acceptance of rent by Landlord from any Transferee shall be deemed a waiver of any provision of this   Article     14   or the approval of any Transferee or a release of Tenant from any obligation under this Lease, whether theretofore or thereafter accruing.      In no event shall Landlord     s enforcement of any provision of this Lease against any Transferee be deemed a waiver of Landlord     s right to enforce any term of this Lease against Tenant or any other person.      If Tenant     s obligations hereunder have been guaranteed, Landlord     s consent to any Transfer shall not be effective unless the guarantor also consents to such Transfer.  
   14.8   Non-Transfers .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this  Article 14 , an assignment or subletting of all or a portion of the Premises to an affiliate of Tenant (an entity which is controlled by, controls, or is under common control with, Tenant), shall not be deemed a Transfer under this  Article 14 , provided that Tenant notifies Landlord of any such assignment or sublease and promptly supplies Landlord with any documents or information requested by Landlord regarding such assignment or sublease or such affiliate, and further provided that such assignment or sublease is not a subterfuge by Tenant to avoid its obligations under this Lease.   Control ,  as used in this  Section 14.8 , shall mean the ownership, directly or indirectly, of at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the voting securities of, or possession of the right to vote, in the ordinary direction of its affairs, of at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the voting interest in, any person or entity.  No such permitted assignment or subletting shall serve to release Tenant from any of its obligations under this Lease. 
     15.   SURRENDER OF PREMISES; OWNERSHIP AND REMOVAL OF TRADE FIXTURES            
 15.1   Surrender of Premises .  No act or thing done by Landlord or any agent or employee of Landlord during the Lease Term shall be deemed to constitute an acceptance by Landlord of a surrender of the Premises unless such intent is specifically acknowledged in writing by Landlord.  The delivery of keys to the Premises to Landlord or any agent or employee of Landlord shall not constitute a surrender of the Premises or effect a termination of this Lease, whether or not the keys are thereafter retained by Landlord, and notwithstanding such delivery Tenant shall be entitled to the return of such keys at any reasonable time upon request until this Lease shall have been properly terminated.  The voluntary or other surrender of this Lease by Tenant, whether accepted by Landlord or not, or a mutual termination hereof, shall not work a merger, and at the option of Landlord shall operate as an assignment to Landlord of all subleases or subtenancies affecting the Premises or terminate any or all such sublessees or subtenancies. 
 15.2   Removal of Tenant Property by Tenant .  Upon the expiration of the Lease Term, or upon any earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant shall, subject to the provisions of this  Article 15 , quit and surrender possession of the Premises to Landlord in as good order and condition as when Tenant took possession and as thereafter improved by Landlord and/or Tenant, reasonable wear and tear and repairs which are specifically made the responsibility of Landlord hereunder excepted.  Upon such expiration or termination, Tenant shall, without expense to Landlord, remove or cause to be removed from the Premises all debris and rubbish, and such items of furniture, equipment, free- standing cabinet work, movable partitions and other articles of personal property owned by Tenant or installed or placed by Tenant at its expense in the Premises, and such similar articles of any other persons claiming under Tenant, as Landlord may, in its sole discretion, require to be removed, and Tenant shall repair at its own expense all damage to the Premises and Building resulting from such removal. 
     15.3   Environmental Assessment .  In connection with its surrender of the Premises, Tenant shall submit to Landlord, at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration date of this Lease (or in the event of an earlier termination of this Lease, as soon as reasonably possible following such termination), an Environmental Assessment of the Premises by a competent and experienced environmental engineer or engineering firm reasonably satisfactory to Landlord (pursuant to a contract approved by Landlord and providing that Landlord can rely on the Environmental Assessment), which (i) evidences that the Premises are in a clean and safe condition and free and clear of any Hazardous Materials brought onto the Project by Tenant or a Tenant Party; and (ii) includes a review of the Premises by an environmental consultant for asbestos, mold, fungus, spores, and other moisture conditions, on-site chemical use, and lead-based paint.  If such Environmental Assessment reveals that remediation or Clean-up is  

-31-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

required under any Environmental Laws, Tenant shall submit a remediation plan prepared by a recognized environmental consultant and shall be responsible for all costs of remediation and Clean-up, as more particularly provided in   Section     5.3  ,   above.  
   15.4   Condition of the Building and Premises Upon Surrender .  In addition to the above requirements of this  Article 15 , upon the expiration of the Lease Term, or upon any earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant shall, surrender the Premises and Building such that the same are in compliance with all Applicable Laws (provided that Tenant will not be required to perform legal compliance upgrades which are subject to so called  grandfathering  provisions or which would not be triggered absent pulling a permit for construction) and with Tenant having complied with all of Tenant s obligations under this Lease, including those relating to improvement, repair, maintenance, compliance with law, testing and other related obligations of Tenant set forth in  Article 7  of this Lease.  In the event that the Building and Premises shall be surrendered in a condition which does not comply with the terms of this  Section 15.4 , because Tenant failed to comply with its obligations set forth in Lease, then following thirty (30) days notice to Tenant, during which thirty (30) day period Tenant shall have the right to cure such noncompliance, Landlord shall be entitled to expend all reasonable costs in order to cause the same to comply with the required condition upon surrender and Tenant shall immediately reimburse Landlord for all such costs upon notice and Tenant shall be deemed during the period that Tenant or Landlord, as the case may be, perform obligations relating to the Surrender Improvements to be in holdover under  Article 16  of this Lease. 
     16.   HOLDING OVER         If Tenant holds over after the expiration of the Lease Term or earlier termination thereof, with the express or implied consent of Landlord, such tenancy shall be from month-to-month only, and shall not constitute a renewal hereof or an extension for any further term.  If Tenant holds over after the expiration of the Lease Term of earlier termination thereof, without the express or implied consent of Landlord, such tenancy shall be deemed to be a tenancy by sufferance only, and shall not constitute a renewal hereof or an extension for any further term.  In either case, Rent shall be payable at a monthly rate equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the Rent applicable during the last rental period of the Lease Term under this Lease.  Such month-to-month tenancy or tenancy by sufferance, as the case may be, shall be subject to every other applicable term, covenant and agreement contained herein.  Nothing contained in this   Article 16   shall be construed as consent by Landlord to any holding over by Tenant, and Landlord expressly reserves the right to require Tenant to surrender possession of the Premises to Landlord as provided in this Lease upon the expiration or other termination of this Lease.  The provisions of this   Article 16   shall not be deemed to limit or constitute a waiver of any other rights or remedies of Landlord provided herein or at law.  If Tenant fails to surrender the Premises within thirty (30) days following the termination or expiration of this Lease, in addition to any other liabilities to Landlord accruing therefrom, Tenant shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from all loss, costs (including reasonable attorneys  fees) and liability resulting from such failure, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any claims made by any succeeding tenant founded upon such failure to surrender and any lost profits to Landlord resulting therefrom.  
       17.   ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES         Within ten (10) business days following a request in writing by Landlord (   Initial Estoppel Request Period   ), Tenant shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Landlord an estoppel certificate, which, as submitted by Landlord, shall be substantially in the form of   Exhibit D  , attached hereto (or such other form as may be required by any prospective mortgagee or purchaser of the Project, or any portion thereof), indicating therein any exceptions thereto that may exist at that time, and shall also contain any other information reasonably requested by Landlord or Landlord s mortgagee or prospective mortgagee.  Any such certificate may be relied upon by any prospective mortgagee or purchaser of all or any portion of the Project.  Tenant shall execute and deliver whatever other instruments may be reasonably required for such purposes.  At any time during the Lease Term, Landlord may require Tenant to provide Landlord with a current financial statement and financial statements of the two (2) years prior to the current financial statement year.  Such statements shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and, if such is the normal practice of Tenant, shall be audited by an independent certified public accountant.  If Tenant fails to deliver such estoppel certificate prior to the expiration of the Initial Estoppel Request Period, then Landlord shall provide written notice of the same to Tenant pursuant to   Section 19.1.4   or   Section 19.1.2  , as applicable, below, and Tenant shall thereafter deliver such certificate to Landlord within the time period for cure set forth in such applicable Section.  Failure of Tenant to timely execute, acknowledge and deliver such estoppel certificate or other instruments shall constitute an acceptance of the Premises and an acknowledgment by Tenant that statements included in the estoppel certificate are true and correct, without exception.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that (i) stock in the entity which constitutes Tenant under this Lease (as opposed to an entity that  controls  Tenant or is otherwise an  affiliate  of Tenant, as those terms are   

-32-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

defined in   Section     14.8   of this Lease) is publicly traded on a national stock exchange, and (ii) Tenant has its own, separate and distinct 10K and 10Q filing requirements (as opposed joint or cumulative filings with an entity that controls Tenant or with entities which are otherwise Affiliates of Tenant), then Tenant     s obligation to provide Landlord with a copy of its most recent current financial statement shall be deemed satisfied.  
     18.   SUBORDINATION         This Lease shall be subject and subordinate to all present and future ground or underlying leases of the Building or Project and to the lien of any mortgage, trust deed or other encumbrances now or hereafter in force against the Building or Project or any part thereof, if any, and to all renewals, extensions, modifications, consolidations and replacements thereof, and to all advances made or hereafter to be made upon the security of such mortgages or trust deeds, unless the holders of such mortgages, trust deeds or other encumbrances, or the lessors under such ground lease or underlying leases, require in writing that this Lease be superior thereto (collectively, the    Superior Holders        provided, however, that in consideration of and a condition precedent to Tenant s agreement to subordinate this Lease to any future mortgage, trust deed or other encumbrances, shall be the receipt by Tenant of a commercially reasonable subordination non-disturbance and attornment agreement from such Superior Holder, which requires such Superior Holder to accept this lease, and not to disturb tenant s possession, so long as an event of default has not occurred and be continuing (a    SNDAA   ) executed by Landlord and the appropriate Superior Holder.  Tenant covenants and agrees in the event any proceedings are brought for the foreclosure of any such mortgage or deed in lieu thereof (or if any ground lease is terminated), to attorn, without any deductions or set-offs whatsoever, to the lienholder or purchaser or any successors thereto upon any such foreclosure sale or deed in lieu thereof (or to the ground lessor), if so requested to do so by such purchaser or lienholder or ground lessor, and to recognize such purchaser or lienholder or ground lessor as the lessor under this Lease, provided such lienholder or purchaser or ground lessor shall agree to accept this Lease and not disturb Tenant s occupancy, so long as Tenant timely pays the rent and observes and performs the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease to be observed and performed by Tenant.  Landlord s interest herein may be assigned as security at any time to any lienholder.  Tenant shall, within ten (10) days of request by Landlord, execute such further commercially reasonable instruments or assurances as Landlord may reasonably deem necessary to evidence or confirm the subordination or superiority of this Lease to any such mortgages, trust deeds, ground leases or underlying leases.  Tenant waives the provisions of any current or future statute, rule or law which may give or purport to give Tenant any right or election to terminate or otherwise adversely affect this Lease and the obligations of the Tenant hereunder in the event of any foreclosure proceeding or sale.  
     19.   DEFAULTS; REMEDIES            
   19.1   Events of Default .  The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute a default of this Lease by Tenant: 
 19.1.1  Any failure by Tenant to pay any Rent or any other charge required to be paid under this Lease, or any part thereof, when due unless such failure is cured within five (5) business days after written notice of such failure; or 
   19.1.2  Except where a specific time period is otherwise set forth for Tenant s performance in this Lease, in which event the failure to perform by Tenant within such time period shall be a default by Tenant under this  Section 19.1.2 , any failure by Tenant to observe or perform any other provision, covenant or condition of this Lease to be observed or performed by Tenant where such failure continues for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof from Landlord to Tenant; provided that if the nature of such default is such that the same cannot reasonably be cured within a thirty (30) day period, Tenant shall not be deemed to be in default if it diligently commences such cure within such period and thereafter diligently proceeds to rectify and cure such default; or 
 19.1.3  Abandonment or vacation of all or a substantial portion of the Premises by Tenant; or 
   19.1.4  The failure by Tenant to observe or perform according to the provisions of  Articles 5 ,  14 ,  17  or  18  of this Lease where such failure continues for more than five (5) business days after notice from Landlord (which, as it applies to  Article 17 , only if Landlord is required to provide the estoppel certificate in order to consummate any sale, financing or third party transaction, and otherwise  Section 19.1.2  shall apply); or 

-33-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

19.1.5    Tenant     s failure to occupy the Premises within ten (10) business days after the Lease Commencement Date.  
 The notice periods provided herein are in lieu of, and not in addition to, any notice periods provided by law. 
   19.2   Remedies Upon Default .  Upon the occurrence of any event of default by Tenant, Landlord shall have, in addition to any other remedies available to Landlord at law or in equity (all of which remedies shall be distinct, separate and cumulative), the option to pursue any one or more of the following remedies, each and all of which shall be cumulative and nonexclusive, without any notice or demand whatsoever. 
   19.2.1  Terminate this Lease, in which event Tenant shall immediately surrender the Premises to Landlord, and if Tenant fails to do so, Landlord may, without prejudice to any other remedy which it may have for possession or arrearages in rent, enter upon and take possession of the Premises and expel or remove Tenant and any other person who may be occupying the Premises or any part thereof, without being liable for prosecution or any claim or damages therefor; and Landlord may recover from Tenant the following: 
   (i)  The worth at the time of award of the unpaid rent which has been earned at the time of such termination; plus 
   (ii)  The worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent which would have been earned after termination until the time of award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves could have been reasonably avoided; plus 
   (iii)  The worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent for the balance of the Lease Term after the time of award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves could have been reasonably avoided; plus 
 (iv)  Any other amount necessary to compensate Landlord for all the detriment proximately caused by Tenant s failure to perform its obligations under this Lease or which in the ordinary course of things would be likely to result therefrom, specifically including but not limited to, brokerage commissions and advertising expenses incurred, expenses of remodeling the Premises or any portion thereof for a new tenant, whether for the same or a different use, and any special concessions reasonably made to obtain a new tenant; and 
 (v)  At Landlord s election, such other amounts in addition to or in lieu of the foregoing as may be permitted from time to time by applicable law. 
 The term   rent   as used in this  Section 19.2  shall be deemed to be and to mean all sums of every nature required to be paid by Tenant pursuant to the terms of this Lease, whether to Landlord or to others.  As used in  Sections 19.2.1 (i)  and  (ii) , above, the  worth at the time of award  shall be computed by allowing interest at the rate set forth in  Article 25  of this Lease, but in no case greater than the maximum amount of such interest permitted by law.  As used in  Section 19.2.1(iii)  above, the   worth at the time of award   shall be computed by discounting such amount at the discount rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco at the time of award plus one percent (1%). 
   19.2.2  Landlord shall have the remedy described in California Civil Code Section 1951.4 (lessor may continue lease in effect after lessee s breach and abandonment and recover rent as it becomes due, if lessee has the right to sublet or assign, subject only to reasonable limitations).  Accordingly, if Landlord does not elect to terminate this Lease on account of any default by Tenant, Landlord may, from time to time, without terminating this Lease, enforce all of its rights and remedies under this Lease, including the right to recover all rent as it becomes due. 
   19.2.3  Landlord shall at all times have the rights and remedies (which shall be cumulative with each other and cumulative and in addition to those rights and remedies available under  Sections 19.2.1  and  19.2.2 ,  

-34-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

above, or any law or other provision of this Lease), without prior demand or notice except as required by applicable law, to seek any declaratory, injunctive or other equitable relief, and specifically enforce this Lease, or restrain or enjoin a violation or breach of any provision hereof.  
 19.3   Subleases of Tenant .  Whether or not Landlord elects to terminate this Lease on account of any default by Tenant, as set forth in this  Article 19 , Landlord shall have the right to terminate any and all subleases, licenses, concessions or other consensual arrangements for possession entered into by Tenant and affecting the Premises or may, in Landlord s sole discretion, succeed to Tenant s interest in such subleases, licenses, concessions or arrangements.  In the event of Landlord s election to succeed to Tenant s interest in any such subleases, licenses, concessions or arrangements, Tenant shall, as of the date of notice by Landlord of such election, have no further right to or interest in the rent or other consideration receivable thereunder. 
 19.4   Efforts to Relet .  No re-entry or repossession, repairs, maintenance, changes, alterations and additions, reletting, appointment of a receiver to protect Landlord s interests hereunder, or any other action or omission by Landlord shall be construed as an election by Landlord to terminate this Lease or Tenant s right to possession, or to accept a surrender of the Premises, nor shall same operate to release Tenant in whole or in part from any of Tenant s obligations hereunder, unless express written notice of such intention is sent by Landlord to Tenant.  Tenant hereby irrevocably waives any right otherwise available under any law to redeem or reinstate this Lease. 
 19.5   Landlord Default . 
 19.5.1   General .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Lease, Landlord shall not be in default in the performance of any obligation required to be performed by Landlord pursuant to this Lease unless Landlord fails to perform such obligation within thirty (30) days after the receipt of notice from Tenant specifying in detail Landlord s failure to perform; provided, however, if the nature of Landlord s obligation is such that more than thirty (30) days are required for its performance, then Landlord shall not be in default under this Lease if it shall commence such performance within such thirty (30) day period and thereafter diligently pursue the same to completion.  Upon any such default by Landlord under this Lease, Tenant may, except as otherwise specifically provided in this Lease to the contrary, exercise any of its rights provided at law or in equity. 
     19.5.2   Abatement of Rent .  In the event that Tenant is prevented from using, and does not use, the Premises or any portion thereof, as a result of (i) any repair, maintenance or alteration performed by Landlord, or which Landlord failed to perform, after the Lease Commencement Date and required by this Lease, which substantially interferes with Tenant s use of the Premises, or (ii) any failure to provide services, utilities or access to the Premises as required by this Lease, each as a direct result of Landlord s negligence or willful misconduct (and except to the extent such failure is caused in whole or in part by the action or inaction of Tenant) (either such set of circumstances as set forth in items (i) or (ii), above, to be known as an   Abatement Event    ), then Tenant shall give Landlord notice of such Abatement Event, and if such Abatement Event continues for ten (10) consecutive business days after Landlord s receipt of any such notice (the   Eligibility Period    ) and Landlord does not diligently commence and pursue to completion the remedy of such Abatement Event, then the Base Rent, Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses, and Tenant s obligation, if any, to pay for parking (to the extent not utilized by Tenant) shall be abated or reduced, as the case may be, after expiration of the Eligibility Period for such time that Tenant continues to be so prevented from using, and does not use for the normal conduct of Tenant s business, the Premises or a portion thereof, in the proportion that the rentable area of the portion of the Premises that Tenant is prevented from using, and does not use, bears to the total rentable area of the Premises; provided, however, in the event that Tenant is prevented from using, and does not use, a portion of the Premises for a period of time in excess of the Eligibility Period and the remaining portion of the Premises is not sufficient to allow Tenant to effectively conduct its business therein, and if Tenant does not effectively conduct its business from such remaining portion, then for such time after expiration of the Eligibility Period during which Tenant is so prevented from effectively conducting its business therein, the Base Rent and Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses for the entire Premises and Tenant s obligation to pay for parking shall be abated for such time as Tenant continues to be so prevented from using, and does not use, the Premises.  If, however, Tenant reoccupies any portion of the Premises during such period, the Rent allocable to such reoccupied portion, based on the proportion that the rentable area of such reoccupied portion of the Premises bears to the total rentable area of the Premises, shall be payable by Tenant from the date Tenant reoccupies such portion of  

-35-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

the Premises.      To the extent an Abatement Event is caused by an event covered by   Articles   5  ,   11   or   13   of this Lease, then Tenant     s right to abate rent shall be governed by the terms of such   Article     5  ,   11   or   13  , as applicable, and the Eligibility Period shall not be applicable thereto.      Such right to abate Base Rent and Tenant     s Share of Direct Expenses shall be Tenant     s sole and exclusive remedy for rent abatement at law or in equity for an Abatement Event.      Except as expressly provided in this Lease, nothing contained herein shall be interpreted to mean that Tenant is excused from paying Rent due hereunder.  
   20.   COVENANT OF QUIET ENJOYMENT         Landlord covenants that Tenant, on paying the Rent, charges for services and other payments herein reserved and on keeping, observing and performing all the other terms, covenants, conditions, provisions and agreements herein contained on the part of Tenant to be kept, observed and performed, shall, during the Lease Term, peaceably and quietly have, hold and enjoy the Premises subject to the terms, covenants, conditions, provisions and agreements hereof without interference by any persons lawfully claiming by or through Landlord.  The foregoing covenant is in lieu of any other covenant express or implied.  
     21.   SECURITY DEPOSIT         Concurrently with Tenant s execution of this Lease, Tenant shall deposit with Landlord a security deposit (the    Security Deposit       ) in the amount set forth in   Section 8   of the Summary, as security for the faithful performance by Tenant of all of its obligations under this Lease.  If Tenant defaults with respect to any provisions of this Lease, including, but not limited to, the provisions relating to the payment of Rent, the removal of property and the repair of resultant damage in accordance with this Lease, Landlord may, without notice to Tenant, but shall not be required to apply all or any part of the Security Deposit for the payment of any Rent or any other sum in default and Tenant shall, upon demand therefor, restore the Security Deposit to its original amount.  Any unapplied portion of the Security Deposit shall be returned to Tenant, or, at Landlord s option, to the last assignee of Tenant s interest hereunder, within sixty (60) days following the expiration of the Lease Term.  Tenant shall not be entitled to any interest on the Security Deposit.  Tenant hereby irrevocably waives and relinquishes any and all rights, benefits, or protections, if any, Tenant now has, or in the future may have, under Section 1950.7 of the California Civil Code, any successor statute, and all other provisions of law, now or hereafter in effect (except for Section 1950.7(b) of the California Civil Code, which provision Tenant does not waive), including, but not limited to, any provision of law which (i) establishes the time frame by which a landlord must refund a security deposit under a lease, and/or (ii) provides that a landlord may claim from a security deposit only those sums reasonably necessary to remedy defaults in the payment of rent, to repair damage caused by a tenant or to clean the subject premises.  Tenant acknowledges and agrees that (a) any statutory time frames for the return of a security deposit are superseded by the express period identified in this   Article 21  , above, and (b) rather than be so limited, Landlord may claim from the Security Deposit (1) any and all sums expressly identified in this   Article 21  , above, and (2) any additional sums reasonably necessary to compensate Landlord for any and all losses or damages caused by Tenant s default of this Lease, including, but not limited to, all damages or rent due upon termination of Lease pursuant to Section 1951.2 of the California Civil Code.  
   22.   COMMUNICATIONS AND COMPUTER LINE         Tenant may install, maintain, replace, remove or use any communications or computer wires and cables serving the Premises (collectively, the    Lines       ), provided that Tenant shall obtain Landlord s prior written consent, use an experienced and qualified contractor approved in writing by Landlord, and comply with all of the other provisions of   Articles 7   and   8   of this Lease.  Tenant shall pay all costs in connection therewith.  Landlord reserves the right, upon notice to Tenant prior to the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, to require that Tenant, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, remove any Lines located in or serving the Premises prior to the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.  
     23.   SIGNS            
     23.1   Exterior Signage .  Subject to Landlord s prior written approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, and provided all signs are in keeping with the quality, design and style of the Building and Project, Tenant, at its sole cost and expense (but without payment of Rent or other fee in lieu of Rent for such signage (other than Direct Expenses to the extent allowed pursuant to the terms of  Article 4  of this Lease)), may install identification signage (i) on the exterior and in the interior of the Building (including interior directional, lobby and/or directory signage), (ii) on a portion of the small monument leading into the main parking area for the Project (which portion shall be approximately one-half ( ) of the space available for tenant signage on such monument sign), and (iii) on a portion of the monument sign serving the Project (which portion shall be  

-36-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

approximately one-half (A) of     the space available for tenant signage on such monument sign) (collectively,      Tenant Signage     ); provided, however, in no event shall Tenant     s Signage include an      Objectionable Name,      as that term is defined in   Section     23.3  ,   of this Lease.      All such signage shall be subject to Tenant     s obtaining all required governmental approvals.      All permitted signs shall be maintained by Tenant at its expense in a first-class and safe condition and appearance.      Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant shall remove all of its signs at Tenant     s sole cost and expense.      The graphics, materials, color, design, lettering, lighting, size, illumination, specifications and exact location of Tenant     s Signage (collectively, the      Sign Specifications           ) shall be subject to the prior written approval of Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, and shall be consistent and compatible with the quality and nature of the Project.      Tenant hereby acknowledges that, notwithstanding Landlord     s approval of Tenant     s Signage, Landlord has made no representation or warranty to Tenant with respect to the probability of obtaining all necessary governmental approvals and permits for Tenant     s Signage.      In the event Tenant does not receive the necessary governmental approvals and permits for Tenant     s Signage, Tenant     s and Landlord     s rights and obligations under the remaining terms and conditions of this Lease shall be unaffected.  
 23.2   Objectionable Name .  Tenant s Signage shall not include a name or logo which relates to an entity which is of a character or reputation, or is associated with a political faction or orientation, which is inconsistent with the quality of the Project, or which would otherwise reasonably offend a landlord of the Comparable Buildings (an   Objectionable Name    ).  The parties hereby agree that the following name, or any reasonable derivation thereof, shall be deemed not to constitute an Objectionable Name:  Sorrento Therapeutics.  
   23.3   Prohibited Signage and Other Items .  Any signs, notices, logos, pictures, names or advertisements which are installed and that have not been separately approved by Landlord may be removed without notice by Landlord at the sole expense of Tenant.  Any signs, window coverings, or blinds (even if the same are located behind the Landlord-approved window coverings for the Building), or other items visible from the exterior of the Premises or Building, shall be subject to the prior approval of Landlord, in its sole discretion. 
 23.4   Termination of Right to Tenant s Signage .  The rights contained in this  Article 23  shall be personal to Original Tenant and its Permitted Assignee, and may only be exercised and maintained by such parties (and not any other assignee, sublessee or other transferee of the Original Tenant s interest in this Lease) to the extent (x) they are not in default under this Lease (beyond any applicable notice and cure period)  and  (y) if they occupy the entire Premises. 
     24.   COMPLIANCE WITH LAW         Tenant shall not do anything or suffer anything to be done in or about the Premises or the Project which will in any way conflict with any law, statute, ordinance or other governmental rule, regulation or requirement now in force or which may hereafter be enacted or promulgated (collectively,    Applicable Laws   ).  At its sole cost and expense, Tenant shall promptly comply with any Applicable Laws which relate to (i) Tenant s use of the Premises, (ii) any Alterations made by Tenant to the Premises, and, after their construction, any Tenant Improvements in the Premises, or (iii) the Base Building, but as to the Base Building, only to the extent such obligations are triggered by Alterations made by Tenant to the Premises to the extent such Alterations are not normal and customary improvements for the Permitted Use, or triggered by the Tenant Improvements to the extent such Tenant Improvements are not normal and customary improvements for the Permitted Use, or triggered by Tenant s use of the Premises for non Permitted Use (collectively,    Tenant s Compliance Obligations   ).  Should any standard or regulation now or hereafter be imposed on Landlord or Tenant by a state, federal or local governmental body charged with the establishment, regulation and enforcement of occupational, health or safety standards for employers, employees, landlords or tenants, then Tenant and Landlord each agree, at each such party s sole cost and expense, to comply promptly with such standards or regulations applicable to each such party.  Tenant shall be responsible, at its sole cost and expense, to make all alterations to the Building and Premises as are required to comply with Tenant s Compliance Obligations.  The judgment of any court of competent jurisdiction or the admission of Tenant in any judicial action, regardless of whether Landlord is a party thereto, that Tenant has violated any of said governmental measures, shall be conclusive of that fact as between Landlord and Tenant.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Article 24  , Landlord covenants to comply with the  Landlord Initial Compliance Obligations,  as that term is defined in   Section 1   of the Tenant Work Letter, as of the Lease Commencement Date, and Landlord shall be responsible to promptly cure, at its sole cost, any noncompliance of the Premises as of the Lease Commencement Date with such foregoing covenant.  

-37-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

25.    LATE CHARGES                               If any installment of Rent or any other sum due from Tenant shall not be received by Landlord or Landlord     s designee within five (5) business days after Tenant     s receipt of written notice from Landlord that said amount is due, then Tenant shall pay to Landlord a late charge equal to five percent (5%) of the overdue amount plus any reasonable attorneys      fees incurred by Landlord by reason of Tenant     s failure to pay Rent and/or other charges when due hereunder.      The late charge shall be deemed Additional Rent and the right to require it shall be in addition to all of Landlord     s other rights and remedies hereunder or at law and shall not be construed as liquidated damages or as limiting Landlord     s remedies in any manner.      In addition to the late charge described above, any Rent or other amounts owing hereunder which are not paid within ten (10) days after the date they are due shall bear interest from the date when due until paid at a rate per annum equal to the lesser of (i) the annual      Bank Prime Loan      rate cited in the Federal Reserve Statistical Release Publication G.13(415), published on the first Tuesday of each calendar month (or such other comparable index as Landlord and Tenant shall reasonably agree upon if such rate ceases to be published) plus four (4) percentage points, and (ii) the highest rate permitted by applicable law (the      Default Rate     ).  
   26.   LANDLORD S RIGHT TO CURE DEFAULT; PAYMENTS BY TENANT            
   26.1   Landlord s Cure .  All covenants and agreements to be kept or performed by Tenant under this Lease shall be performed by Tenant at Tenant s sole cost and expense and without any reduction of Rent, except to the extent, if any, otherwise expressly provided herein.  If Tenant shall fail to perform any obligation under this Lease, and such failure shall continue in excess of the time allowed under  Section 19.1.2 , above, unless a specific time period is otherwise stated in this Lease, Landlord may, but shall not be obligated to, make any such payment or perform any such act on Tenant s part without waiving its rights based upon any default of Tenant and without releasing Tenant from any obligations hereunder. 
   26.2   Tenant s Reimbursement .  Except as may be specifically provided to the contrary in this Lease, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, upon delivery by Landlord to Tenant of statements therefor:  (i) sums equal to expenditures reasonably made and obligations incurred by Landlord in connection with the remedying by Landlord of Tenant s defaults pursuant to the provisions of  Section 26.1 ; (ii) sums equal to all losses, costs, liabilities, damages and expenses referred to in  Article 10  of this Lease; and (iii) sums equal to all expenditures made and obligations incurred by Landlord in collecting or attempting to collect the Rent or in enforcing or attempting to enforce any rights of Landlord under this Lease or pursuant to law, including, without limitation, all reasonable legal fees and other amounts so expended.  Tenant s obligations under this  Section 26.2  shall survive the expiration or sooner termination of the Lease Term. 
   27.   ENTRY BY LANDLORD         Landlord reserves the right at all reasonable times and upon reasonable notice to Tenant (which shall not be less than twenty-four (24) hours except in the case of an emergency) to enter the Premises to (i) inspect them; (ii) show the Premises to prospective purchasers, or to current or prospective mortgagees, ground or underlying lessors or insurers or, during the last twelve (12) months of the Lease Term, to prospective tenants; (iii) post notices of nonresponsibility (to the extent applicable pursuant to then applicable law); or (iv) alter, improve or repair the Premises or the Building, or for structural alterations, repairs or improvements to the Building or the Building s systems and equipment.  Landlord may make any such entries without the abatement of Rent, except as otherwise provided in   Section 19.5.2   of this Lease, and may take such reasonable steps as required to accomplish the stated purposes.  Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize interference with the conduct of Tenant s business in connection with such entries into the Premises.  In an emergency, Landlord shall have the right to use any means that Landlord may deem proper to open the doors in and to the Premises.  To the extent reasonably necessary, Landlord may temporarily close all or a portion of the Premises to perform repairs under this Lease and Tenant shall not have any right to terminate this Lease or abate Rent (except as otherwise provided in   Section 19.5.2   of this Lease) or assert a claim of partial or constructive eviction because of any such closure (provided that Landlord shall perform any such repairs outside of normal business hours to the extent reasonably possible).  Any entry into the Premises by Landlord in the manner hereinbefore described shall not be deemed to be a forcible or unlawful entry into, or a detainer of, the Premises, or an actual or constructive eviction of Tenant from any portion of the Premises.  
       28.   TENANT PARKING         Tenant shall have the right to, at no additional rent or cost to Tenant (other than such costs and expenses include in Direct Expenses), use the parking set forth in   Section 9   of the Summary.  Tenant   

-38-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

shall abide by all reasonable rules and regulations which are prescribed from time to time for the orderly operation and use of the parking facility where the parking passes are located (including any sticker   or other identification system   established by Landlord and the prohibition of vehicle repair and maintenance activities in the parking facilities), and shall cooperate in seeing that Tenant     s employees and visitors also comply with such rules and regulations.      Tenant     s use of the Project parking facility shall be at Tenant     s sole risk and Tenant acknowledges and agrees that Landlord shall have no liability whatsoever for damage to the vehicles of Tenant, its employees and/or visitors, or for other personal injury or property damage or theft relating to or connected with the parking rights granted herein or any of Tenant     s, its employees      and/or visitors      use of the parking facilities.  
     29.   MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS            
 29.1   Terms; Captions .  The words   Landlord   and   Tenant     as used herein shall include the plural as well as the singular.  The necessary grammatical changes required to make the provisions hereof apply either to corporations or partnerships or individuals, men or women, as the case may require, shall in all cases be assumed as though in each case fully expressed.  The captions of Articles and Sections are for convenience only and shall not be deemed to limit, construe, affect or alter the meaning of such Articles and Sections. 
 29.2   Binding Effect .  Subject to all other provisions of this Lease, each of the covenants, conditions and provisions of this Lease shall extend to and shall, as the case may require, bind or inure to the benefit not only of Landlord and of Tenant, but also of their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors or assigns, provided this clause shall not permit any assignment by Tenant contrary to the provisions of  Article 14  of this Lease. 
 29.3   No Air Rights .  No rights to any view or to light or air over any property, whether belonging to Landlord or any other person, are granted to Tenant by this Lease.  If at any time any windows of the Premises are temporarily darkened or the light or view therefrom is obstructed by reason of any repairs, improvements, maintenance or cleaning in or about the Project, the same shall be without liability to Landlord and without any reduction or diminution of Tenant s obligations under this Lease. 
   29.4   Modification of Lease .  Should any current or prospective mortgagee or ground lessor for the Building or Project require a modification of this Lease, which modification will not cause an increased cost or expense to Tenant or in any other way materially and adversely change the rights and obligations of Tenant hereunder, then and in such event, Tenant agrees that this Lease may be so modified and agrees to execute whatever documents are reasonably required therefor and to deliver the same to Landlord within ten (10) business days following a request therefor.  At the request of Landlord or any mortgagee or ground lessor, Tenant agrees to execute a short form of Lease and deliver the same to Landlord within ten (10) business days following the request therefor. 
 29.5   Transfer of Landlord s Interest .  Tenant acknowledges that Landlord has the right to transfer all or any portion of its interest in the Project or Building and in this Lease, and Tenant agrees that in the event of any such transfer, Landlord shall automatically be released from all liability under this Lease and Tenant agrees to look solely to such transferee for the performance of Landlord s obligations hereunder after the date of transfer and such transferee shall be deemed to have fully assumed and be liable for all obligations of this Lease to be performed by Landlord, including the return of any Security Deposit (provided Landlord transfers the Security Deposit to such transferee), and Tenant shall attorn to such transferee. 
 29.6   Prohibition Against Recording .  Except as provided in  Section 29.4  of this Lease, neither this Lease, nor any memorandum, affidavit or other writing with respect thereto, shall be recorded by Tenant or by anyone acting through, under or on behalf of Tenant. 
 29.7   Landlord s Title .  Landlord s title is and always shall be paramount to the title of Tenant.  Nothing herein contained shall empower Tenant to do any act which can, shall or may encumber the title of Landlord. 

-39-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

29.8    Relationship of Parties  .      Nothing contained in this Lease shall be deemed or construed by the parties hereto or by any third party to create the relationship of principal and agent, partnership, joint venturer or any association between Landlord and Tenant.  
 29.9   Application of Payments .  Landlord shall have the right to apply payments received from Tenant pursuant to this Lease, regardless of Tenant s designation of such payments, to satisfy any obligations of Tenant hereunder, in such order and amounts as Landlord, in its sole discretion, may elect. 
 29.10   Time of Essence .  Time is of the essence with respect to the performance of every provision of this Lease in which time of performance is a factor. 
 29.11   Partial Invalidity .  If any term, provision or condition contained in this Lease shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease, or the application of such term, provision or condition to persons or circumstances other than those with respect to which it is invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each and every other term, provision and condition of this Lease shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent possible permitted by law. 
 29.12   No Warranty .  In executing and delivering this Lease, Tenant has not relied on any representations, including, but not limited to, any representation as to the amount of any item comprising Additional Rent or the amount of the Additional Rent in the aggregate or that Landlord is furnishing the same services to other tenants, at all, on the same level or on the same basis, or any warranty or any statement of Landlord which is not set forth herein or in one or more of the exhibits attached hereto. 
   29.13   Landlord Exculpation .  The liability of Landlord or the Landlord Parties to Tenant for any default by Landlord under this Lease or arising in connection herewith or with Landlord s operation, management, leasing, repair, renovation, alteration or any other matter relating to the Project or the Premises shall be limited solely and exclusively to an amount which is equal to the lesser of (a) the interest of Landlord in the Project or (b) the equity interest Landlord would have in the Project if the Project were encumbered by third-party debt in an amount equal to seventy percent (70%) of the value of the Project, including any net sales or insurance proceeds received by Landlord or the Landlord Parties in connection with the Project, Building or Premises.  Neither Landlord, nor any of the Landlord Parties shall have any personal liability therefor, and Tenant hereby expressly waives and releases such personal liability on behalf of itself and all persons claiming by, through or under Tenant.  The limitations of liability contained in this  Section 29.13  shall inure to the benefit of Landlord s and the Landlord Parties  present and future partners, beneficiaries, officers, directors, trustees, shareholders, agents and employees, and their respective partners, heirs, successors and assigns.  Under no circumstances shall any present or future partner of Landlord (if Landlord is a partnership), or trustee or beneficiary (if Landlord or any partner of Landlord is a trust), have any liability for the performance of Landlord s obligations under this Lease.  Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, neither Landlord nor the Landlord Parties shall be liable under any circumstances for injury or damage to, or interference with, Tenant s business, including but not limited to, loss of profits, loss of rents or other revenues, loss of business opportunity, loss of goodwill or loss of use, in each case, however occurring, or loss to inventory, scientific research, scientific experiments, laboratory animals, products, specimens, samples, and/or scientific, business, accounting and other records of every kind and description kept at the premises and any and all income derived or derivable therefrom.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Lease, in no event shall Tenant be liable to Landlord for any consequential or remote damages, except for (i) consequential damages expressly provided for in  Article 16  of the Lease with regard to Tenant s failure to timely surrender the Premises to Landlord and (ii) damages caused to Landlord as a result of Tenant s breach of the terms and conditions of  Section 5.3  of this Lease, above.  In no event shall any damages expressly provided for in  Section 19.2.1  above be deemed consequential or remote damages. 
   29.14   Entire Agreement .  It is understood and acknowledged that there are no oral agreements between the parties hereto affecting this Lease and this Lease constitutes the parties  entire agreement with respect to the leasing of the Premises and supersedes and cancels any and all previous negotiations, arrangements, brochures, agreements and understandings, if any, between the parties hereto or displayed by Landlord to Tenant with respect to the subject matter thereof, and none thereof shall be used to interpret or construe this Lease.  None of the terms,  

-40-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

covenants, conditions or provisions of this Lease can be modified, deleted or added to except in writing signed by the parties hereto.  
 29.15   Right to Lease .  Landlord reserves the absolute right to effect such other tenancies in the Project as Landlord in the exercise of its sole business judgment shall determine to best promote the interests of the Building or Project.  Tenant does not rely on the fact, nor does Landlord represent, that any specific tenant or type or number of tenants shall, during the Lease Term, occupy any space in the Building or Project. 
 29.16   Force Majeure .  Any prevention, delay or stoppage due to strikes, lockouts, labor disputes, acts of God, acts of war, terrorist acts, inability to obtain services, labor, or materials or reasonable substitutes therefor, governmental actions, civil commotions, fire or other casualty, and other causes beyond the reasonable control of the party obligated to perform, except with respect to the obligations imposed with regard to Rent and other charges to be paid by Tenant pursuant to this Lease (collectively, a   Force Majeure    ), notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, shall excuse the performance of such party for a period equal to any such prevention, delay or stoppage and, therefore, if this Lease specifies a time period for performance of an obligation of either party, that time period shall be extended by the period of any delay in such party s performance caused by a Force Majeure. 
 29.17   Waiver of Redemption by Tenant .  Tenant hereby waives, for Tenant and for all those claiming under Tenant, any and all rights now or hereafter existing to redeem by order or judgment of any court or by any legal process or writ, Tenant s right of occupancy of the Premises after any termination of this Lease. 
   29.18   Notices .  All notices, demands, statements, designations, approvals or other communications (collectively,   Notices  ) given or required to be given by either party to the other hereunder or by law shall be in writing, shall be (A) sent by United States certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested (  Mail  ), (B) transmitted by telecopy, if such telecopy is promptly followed by a Notice sent by Mail, (C) delivered by a nationally recognized overnight courier, or (D) delivered personally.  Any Notice shall be sent, transmitted, or delivered, as the case may be, to Tenant at the appropriate address set forth in  Section 10  of the Summary, or to such other place as Tenant may from time to time designate in a Notice to Landlord, or to Landlord at the addresses set forth below, or to such other places as Landlord may from time to time designate in a Notice to Tenant.  Any Notice will be deemed given (i) three (3) days after the date it is posted if sent by Mail, (ii) the date the telecopy is transmitted, (ii) the date the overnight courier delivery is made, or (iv) the date personal delivery is made.  As of the date of this Lease, any Notices to Landlord must be sent, transmitted, or delivered, as the case may be, to the following addresses: 
 HCP Life Science Estates, Inc. c/o HCP, Inc. 420 Stevens Avenue, Suite 170 Solana Beach, California 92075 Attention:  Mike Dorris 
 with a copy to: 
 HCP Life Science Estates, Inc. c/o HCP, Inc. 1920 Main Street, Suite 1200 Irvine, CA 92614 Attn:  Legal Department 
 and 
 Allen Matkins Leck Gamble Mallory   Natsis LLP 1901 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1800 Los Angeles, California 90067 Attention:  Anton N.  Natsis, Esq. 

-41-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

29.19    Joint and Several  .      If there is more than one tenant, the obligations imposed upon Tenant under this Lease shall be joint and several.  
 29.20   Authority .  If Tenant is a corporation, trust or partnership, each individual executing this Lease on behalf of Tenant hereby represents and warrants that Tenant is a duly formed and existing entity qualified to do business in the State of California and that Tenant has full right and authority to execute and deliver this Lease and that each person signing on behalf of Tenant is authorized to do so.  In such event, Tenant shall, within ten (10) days after execution of this Lease, deliver to Landlord satisfactory evidence of such authority and, if a corporation, upon demand by Landlord, also deliver to Landlord satisfactory evidence of (i) good standing in Tenant s state of incorporation and (ii) qualification to do business in the State of California. 
 29.21   Attorneys  Fees .  In the event that either Landlord or Tenant should bring suit for the possession of the Premises, for the recovery of any sum due under this Lease, or because of the breach of any provision of this Lease or for any other relief against the other, then all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys  fees, incurred by the prevailing party therein shall be paid by the other party, which obligation on the part of the other party shall be deemed to have accrued on the date of the commencement of such action and shall be enforceable whether or not the action is prosecuted to judgment. 
 29.22   Governing Law; WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY .  This Lease shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California.  IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING HEREFROM, LANDLORD AND TENANT HEREBY CONSENT TO (I) THE JURISDICTION OF ANY COMPETENT COURT WITHIN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, (II) SERVICE OF PROCESS BY ANY MEANS AUTHORIZED BY CALIFORNIA LAW, AND (III) IN THE INTEREST OF SAVING TIME AND EXPENSE, TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGAINST THE OTHER OR THEIR SUCCESSORS IN RESPECT OF ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS LEASE, THE RELATIONSHIP OF LANDLORD AND TENANT, TENANT S USE OR OCCUPANCY OF THE PREMISES, AND/OR ANY CLAIM FOR INJURY OR DAMAGE, OR ANY EMERGENCY OR STATUTORY REMEDY.  IN THE EVENT LANDLORD COMMENCES ANY SUMMARY PROCEEDINGS OR ACTION FOR NONPAYMENT OF BASE RENT OR ADDITIONAL RENT, TENANT SHALL NOT INTERPOSE ANY COUNTERCLAIM OF ANY NATURE OR DESCRIPTION (UNLESS SUCH COUNTERCLAIM SHALL BE MANDATORY) IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING OR ACTION, BUT SHALL BE RELEGATED TO AN INDEPENDENT ACTION AT LAW. 
 29.23   Submission of Lease .  Submission of this instrument for examination or signature by Tenant does not constitute a reservation of, option for or option to lease, and it is not effective as a lease or otherwise until execution and delivery by both Landlord and Tenant. 
   29.24   Brokers .  Landlord and Tenant hereby warrant to each other that they have had no dealings with any real estate broker or agent in connection with the negotiation of this Lease, excepting only the real estate brokers or agents specified in  Section 12  of the Summary (the   Brokers  ), and that they know of no other real estate broker or agent who is entitled to a commission in connection with this Lease.  Each party agrees to indemnify and defend the other party against and hold the other party harmless from any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, lawsuits, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys  fees) with respect to any leasing commission or equivalent compensation alleged to be owing on account of any dealings with any real estate broker or agent, other than the Brokers, occurring by, through, or under the indemnifying party.  The terms of this  Section 29.24  shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term.  Landlord will pay the Brokers any commission due as a result of this Lease pursuant to a separate agreement. 
 29.25   Independent Covenants .  This Lease shall be construed as though the covenants herein between Landlord and Tenant are independent and not dependent and Tenant hereby expressly waives the benefit of any statute to the contrary and agrees that if Landlord fails to perform its obligations set forth herein, Tenant shall not be entitled to make any repairs or perform any acts hereunder at Landlord s expense or to any setoff of the Rent or other amounts owing hereunder against Landlord. 

-42-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

29.26    Project or Building Name, Address and Signage  .      Subject to Tenan  t     s rights set forth in   Section     23.1     above, Landlord shall have the right at any time to change the name and/or address of the Project or Building and to install, affix and maintain any and all signs on the exterior and on the interior of the Project or Building as Landlord may, in Landlord     s sole discretion, desire.      Tenant shall not use the name of the Project or Building or use pictures or illustrations of the Project or Building in advertising or other publicity or for any purpose other than as the address of the business to be conducted by Tenant in the Premises, without the prior written consent of Landlord.  
 29.27   Counterparts .  This Lease may be executed in counterparts with the same effect as if both parties hereto had executed the same document.  Both counterparts shall be construed together and shall constitute a single lease. 
 29.28   Confidentiality .  Tenant acknowledges that the content of this Lease and any related documents are confidential information.  Tenant shall keep such confidential information strictly confidential and shall not disclose such confidential information to any person or entity other than Tenant s financial, legal, and space planning consultants , potential transferees, purchasers, investors, brokers and as required by applicable law. 
 29.29   Development of the Project . 
 29.29.1   Subdivision .  Landlord reserves the right to subdivide all or a portion of the buildings and Common Areas.  Tenant agrees to execute and deliver, upon demand by Landlord and in the form requested by Landlord, any additional documents needed to conform this Lease to the circumstances resulting from a subdivision and any all maps in connection therewith.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Lease, the separate ownership of any buildings and/or Common Areas by an entity other than Landlord shall not affect the calculation of Direct Expenses or Tenant s payment of Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses. 
 29.29.2   Construction of Property and Other Improvements .  Tenant acknowledges that portions of the Project may be under construction following Tenant s occupancy of the Premises, and that such construction may result in levels of noise, dust, obstruction of access, etc. which are in excess of that present in a fully constructed project.  Tenant hereby waives any and all rent offsets or claims of constructive eviction which may arise in connection with such construction. 
 29.30   No Violation .  Tenant hereby warrants and represents that neither its execution of nor performance under this Lease shall cause Tenant to be in violation of any agreement, instrument, contract, law, rule or regulation by which Tenant is bound, and Tenant shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Landlord harmless against any claims, demands, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and costs, arising from Tenant s breach of this warranty and representation. 
 29.31   Transportation Management .  Tenant shall fully comply with all present or future programs intended to manage parking, transportation or traffic in and around the Project and/or the Building, and in connection therewith, Tenant shall take responsible action for the transportation planning and management of all employees located at the Premises by working directly with Landlord, any governmental transportation management organization or any other transportation-related committees or entities.  Such programs may include, without limitation:  (i) restrictions on the number of peak-hour vehicle trips generated by Tenant; (ii) increased vehicle occupancy; (iii) implementation of an in-house ridesharing program and an employee transportation coordinator; (iv) working with employees and any Project, Building or area-wide ridesharing program manager; (v) instituting employer-sponsored incentives (financial or in-kind) to encourage employees to rideshare; and (vi) utilizing flexible work shifts for employees. 
 (signature page to follow) 

-43-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have caused this Lease to be executed the day and date first above written.  

LANDLORD:   
 
  TENANT :  

HCP LIFE SCIENCE REIT, INC., a Maryland corporation   
 
 SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS, INC., a Delaware corporation  

By:  
 
 /s/ Jonathan M. Bergschneider  

By:  
 
 /s/ Henry Ji  

Jonathan M. Bergschneider  

Henry Ji  

Executive Vice President  

Print Name  

Its:  
 
 President   CEO   

By:  

Print Name  

Its:  

-44-  
 
 HCP, INC. 
 Sorrento Gateway[Sorrento  
 Therapeutics, Inc.]  

EXHIBIT     A        SORRENTO GATEWAY        OUTLINE OF PREMISES  
  FIRST FLOOR (EXISTING FLOORPLAN SHOWN)  

EXHIBIT A -1-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

SECOND FLOOR (EXISTING FLOORPLAN SHOWN)  

EXHIBIT A -2-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

EXHIBIT     A-1        SORRENTO GATEWAY        PROJECT SITE PLAN  

EXHIBIT A-1 -1-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

EXHIBIT     B        SORRENTO GATEWAY        TENANT WORK LETTER  
 This Tenant Work Letter shall set forth the terms and conditions relating to the construction of the tenant improvements in the Premises.  This Tenant Work Letter is essentially organized chronologically and addresses the issues of the construction of the Premises, in sequence, as such issues will arise during the actual construction of the Premises.  All references in this Tenant Work Letter to Articles or Sections of  this Lease  shall mean the relevant portion of  Articles 1  through  29  of the Lease to which this Tenant Work Letter is attached as Exhibit B and of which this Tenant Work Letter forms a part, and all references in this Tenant Work Letter to Sections of  this Tenant Work Letter  shall mean the relevant portion of Sections 1 through 6 of this Tenant Work Letter. 
    Section 1      DELIVERY OF THE PREMISES  
 Landlord has constructed, at its sole cost and expense, the base, shell, and core (i) of the Premises and (ii) of the floor of the Building on which the Premises is located (collectively, the   Base, Shell, and Core  ).  The Base, Shell and Core shall consist of those portions of the Premises which were in existence prior to the construction of any tenant improvements in the Premises.  Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Tenant Work Letter to the contrary, Tenant shall accept the Base, Shell and Core from Landlord in their presently existing,  as-is  condition, subject to the warranty provided in  Section 1.1.4  of the Lease; provided, however, notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent required in order to allow Tenant to obtain a certificate of occupancy, or its legal equivalent, for the Premises for the Permitted Use set forth in  Section 7  of the Summary, Landlord shall, at Landlord s sole cost and expense (without application of the  Tenant Improvement Allowance,  as that term is defined in  Section 2.1 , below) cause the Base Building to comply with applicable building codes and other governmental laws, ordinances and regulations which were enacted and enforced as of the date of this Lease (Landlord s compliance obligations set forth in this sentence and the immediately foregoing sentence, collectively, are the   Landlord Initial Compliance Obligations  ). 
  Section 2    TENANT IMPROVEMENT ALLOWANCE; ADDITIONAL TENANT IMPROVEMENT ALLOWANCE  
    2.1    Tenant Improvement Allowance; Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance  .  
      2.1.1    Tenant Improvement Allowance  .  Tenant shall be entitled to a one-time tenant improvement allowance (the    Tenant Improvement Allowance   ) in the amount set forth in   Section 5   of the Summary for the costs relating to the initial design and construction of Tenant s improvements, which are permanently affixed to the Premises (the    Tenant Improvements   ), except as otherwise provided herein.  In no event shall Landlord be obligated to make disbursements pursuant to this Tenant Work Letter in a total amount which exceeds the Tenant Improvement Allowance.  In the event that the Tenant Improvement Allowance is not fully utilized by Tenant on or before the third (3rd) anniversary of the Lease Commencement Date, then, subject to the remaining terms of this   Section 2.1.1  , such unused amounts shall revert to Landlord, and Tenant shall have no further rights with respect thereto.  All Tenant Improvements for which the Tenant Improvement Allowance has been made available shall be deemed Landlord s property under the terms of the Lease and Tenant shall not be required to remove the Tenant Improvements upon the expiration of earlier termination of the Lease Term.  In the event that the Tenant Improvement Allowance is not fully utilized by Tenant following the Substantial Completion of the Tenant Improvements (such unused amount to be known as the    Unused TIA   ), then Tenant may, by written notice to Landlord or before the Lease Commencement Date, elect to either (i) receive a credit against Base Rent otherwise due and owing under this Lease commencing on the first (1st) day of Lease Month 13 (provided that Landlord may, upon thirty (30) days  prior notice to Tenant and at Landlord s sole option, elect to accelerate the credit against Base Rent and apply the same to an earlier Lease Month(s) as designated by Landlord in such notice), in an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of the Unused TIA, not to exceed a total of two (2) months of Base Rent   

EXHIBIT B -1-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

(calculated at the Base Rent for Month 13), or (ii) apply the Unused TIA to improvements or alterations constructed by Tenant, prior to the third (3rd) anniversary of the Lease Commencement Date, in that certain building located at 9380 Judicial Drive, San Diego, California 92121 (the      9380 JD Building     ), which 9380 JD Building is owned by an affiliate of Landlord, not to exceed a total of $920,244.00 (i.e., $12.00 per rentable square foot of the Premises).  
    2.1.2    Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance  .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this   Section 2.1.2  , and   Sections 2.1.3   and   2.1.4  , below, as applicable, Tenant shall be entitled to increase the Tenant Improvement Allowance (collectively, the    Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance   ) by $50.00 per rentable square foot of the Premises   (i.e.,   $3,834,350.00 based upon 76,687 rentable square feet in the Premises), resulting in a total amount of the Tenant Improvement Allowance plus the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance not to exceed Six Million Six Hundred Eighteen Thousand Three Hundred Ninety-Five and 00/100 Dollars ($6,618,395.00), pursuant to a notice delivered to Landlord on or before the Lease Commencement Date.  In the event that the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance is not fully disbursed by Landlord on behalf of Tenant on or before the date which is the third (3rd) anniversary of the Lease Commencement Date, then Tenant shall have no further rights with respect thereto.  In the event Tenant exercises its right to use all or any portion of the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance, the monthly Base Rent for the Premises shall be increased as follows.  
    2.1.2.1    Additional Monthly Base Rent  .  If Tenant exercises its right to use any portion of the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance, the monthly Base Rent for the Premises shall be increased by an amount equal to the  Additional Monthly Base Rent,  as that term is defined below, in order to repay such Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance to Landlord.  The    Additional Monthly Base Rent    shall be determined as the missing component of an annuity, which annuity shall have (w) the amount of the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance which Tenant actually utilizes as the present value amount, (x) the number of monthly rental payments that Tenant shall be required to make during the then-remaining term of Tenant s lease of the Premises as the number of payments, (y) seventy-five hundredths (.75), which is equal to nine percent (9%) divided by twelve (12) months per year, as the monthly interest factor and (z) the First Additional Monthly Base Rent as the missing component of the annuity.  Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance may be requested by Tenant, and paid to Tenant, in multiple disbursements, and the parties shall follow the distribution process set forth in   Section 2.1.3   and/or   Section 2.1.4  , below, as applicable, for each such disbursement.  
    2.1.3    Distribution of Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance Prior to Substantial     Completion of the Premises  .  If Tenant elects to utilize all or a portion of the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance prior to the substantial completion of the Tenant Improvements, then (i) all references in this Tenant Work Letter to the  Tenant Improvement Allowance , shall be deemed to include the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance which Tenant actually utilizes, (ii) the parties shall promptly execute an amendment (the    Pre-SC Amendment   ) to this Lease setting forth the new amount of the Base Rent and Tenant Improvement Allowance computed in accordance with   Section 2.1.2   and this   Section 2.1.3  , (iii) Tenant shall deliver to Landlord, concurrently with Tenant s execution and delivery of the Pre-SC Amendment to Landlord, a letter of credit, in the form attached to this Lease as   Schedule 1   to   Exhibit G   and subject to the terms and conditions of   Exhibit G   attached to the Lease, in an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of the lesser of (A) the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance, and (B) the total cost of Tenant Improvement Allowance Items incurred in connection with constructing Tenant Improvement for other than office space and research and development laboratories (as applicable, the    Additional LOC Amount  ,  which Additional LOC Amount shall be subject to reduction under the terms of   Exhibit G   attached to the Lease), and (iv) the additional amount of monthly Base Rent owing in accordance with   Section 2.1.2  , above, for the first full month of the Lease Term shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord at the time of Tenant s execution of the Pre-SC Amendment.  
      2.1.4    Distribution of Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance Following Substantial     Completion of the Premises  .  If Tenant elects to utilize all or a portion of the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance following the substantial completion of the Tenant Improvements, then (i) all improvements to be constructed with such Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance (the    Additional Improvements   ) shall be constructed pursuant to the terms of   Article 8   of the Lease, provided that (A) the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance shall be distributed pursuant to Landlord s standard disbursement procedures, and (B) Landlord shall receive the Landlord Coordination Fee with respect to such Additional Improvements, (ii) the parties shall promptly execute an amendment (the    Post-SC Amendment   ) to this Lease setting forth the new amount of the Base Rent   

EXHIBIT B -2-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

and     Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance, and (iii) Tenant shall deliver to Landlord, concurrently with Tenant     s execution and delivery of the Post-SC Amendment, a letter of credit, in the form attached to the Lease as   Schedule     1   to   Exhibit     G   and subject to the terms and conditions of   Exhibit     G   attached to the Lease, in the Additional LOC Amount (which Additional LOC Amount shall be subject to reduction under the terms of   Exhibit     G   attached to the Lease), and (iv) the additional amount of monthly Base Rent owing in accordance with   Section     2.1.2  ,   above, for the first month following the anticipated date of disbursement shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord at the time of Tenant     s execution of the Post-SC Amendment.  
  2.2    Disbursement of the Tenant Improvement Allowance  .  
  2.2.1    Except as otherwise set forth in this Tenant Work Letter, the Tenant Improvement Allowance shall be disbursed by Landlord (each of which disbursements shall be made pursuant to Landlord s disbursement process) only for the following items and costs (collectively, the    Tenant Improvement Allowance Items   ):  
  2.2.1.1    Payment of the fees of the  Architect  and the  Engineers,  as those terms are defined in   Section 3.1   of this Tenant Work Letter, which fees shall, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Tenant Work Letter, not exceed an aggregate amount equal to $8.00 per rentable square foot of the Premises, and payment of the third-party out-of-pocket fees incurred by, and the cost of documents and materials supplied by, Landlord and Landlord s consultants in connection with the preparation and review of the  Construction Drawings,  as that term is defined in   Section 3.1   of this Tenant Work Letter;  
  2.2.1.2    The payment of plan check, permit and license fees relating to construction of the Tenant Improvements;  
  2.2.1.3    The cost of construction of the Tenant Improvements, including, without limitation, testing and inspection costs, hoisting and trash removal costs, and contractors  fees and general conditions;  
  2.2.1.4    The cost of any changes in the Base, Shell and Core when such changes are required by the Construction Drawings (including if such changes are due to the fact that such work is prepared on an unoccupied basis), such cost to include all direct architectural and/or engineering fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith;  
  2.2.1.5    The cost of any changes to the Construction Drawings or Tenant Improvements required by all applicable building codes (the    Code     
  2.2.1.6    The cost of Tenant s Signage;  
  2.2.1.7    The cost of the  Landlord Coordination Fee,  as that term is defined in   Section 4.1.1   of this Tenant Work Letter;  
  2.2.1.8    The cost of Tenant s project manager, not to exceed $75,000.00;  
  2.2.1.9    Sales and use taxes and Title 24 fees; and  
  2.2.1.10    The cost of installing Tenant s telephone and data cabling in the Premises, not exceed an aggregate amount equal to $5.00 per rentable square foot of the Premises;  
  2.2.1.11    The cost of furniture, fixtures and equipment (FF E) to be installed or located at the Premises, not to exceed $5.00 per rentable square foot of the Premises.  
  2.2.1.12    All other costs to be expended by Landlord in connection with the construction of the Tenant Improvements, provided such costs have been reasonably approved by Tenant in advance.  

EXHIBIT B -3-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

Tenant will not be charged for freight elevator use, utilities, parking, staging area (if any) use or similar fees in connection with the construction of the Tenant Improvements.  
    Section 3      CONSTRUCTION DRAWINGS  
    3.1    Selection of Architect/Construction Drawings  .  Landlord shall retain the Ferguson Pape Baldwin Architects (the    Architect   ) to prepare the  Construction Drawings,  as that term is defined in this   Section 3.1  .  Landlord shall retain (or cause the Architect to retain) engineering consultants (the    Engineers   ) mutually and reasonable approved by Landlord and Tenant to prepare all plans and engineering working drawings; provided, however, the following engineering consultants are hereby approved by Landlord and Tenant:  Creo Engineering for HVAC design; MPE Consulting for electrical design; and Prime Structural Engineers for structural engineering.  Plumbing and life safety will be performed on a    Design/Building    basis.  The plans and drawings to be prepared by Architect and the Engineers hereunder shall be known collectively as the    Construction Drawings  .   All Construction Drawings shall comply with the drawing format and specifications as determined by Landlord, and shall be subject to Landlord s and Tenant s approval.  Tenant shall be responsible for ensuring that all elements of the design of the Construction Drawings are suitable for Tenant s use of the Premises, and neither the preparation of the Construction Drawings by the Architect or the Engineers nor Landlord s approval of the Construction Drawings shall relieve Tenant from such responsibility.  Landlord shall cause the Architect and the Engineers to use the  Required Level of Care  (defined below) to cause the Construction Drawings to comply with Applicable Laws; provided, however, that Tenant, not Landlord, shall be responsible for any violation of Applicable Laws by the Construction Drawings resulting from Tenant s use of the Premises for other than general office purposes or as a result of information provided by Tenant to the Architect or Engineers.  As used herein,    Required Level of Care    means the level of care that reputable architects and engineers customarily use to cause drawings and specifications to comply with Applicable Laws where such drawings and specifications are prepared for spaces in buildings comparable in quality to the Building.  
  3.2    Initial Programming Information  .  Within five (5) business days following the full execution and delivery of this Lease, Tenant shall furnish to Landlord all information necessary in the judgment of Landlord, the Architect and the Engineers for the preparation of a conceptual space plan for the Premises (a    Space Plan   ), including layout and designation of all offices, rooms and other partitioning, their intended use, and equipment to be contained therein, the number and sizes of workstations, number and size of kitchen, laboratory, warehouse, reception and storage areas (collectively, the    Initial Programming Information   ).  The Initial Programming Information shall be subject to Landlord s reasonable approval.  Landlord shall provide Tenant with notice approving or reasonably disapproving the Initial Programming Information within five (5) business days after Landlord s receipt thereof.  If Landlord disapproves the Initial Programming Information, Landlord s notice of disapproval shall describe with reasonable specificity the basis for such disapproval and the changes that would be necessary to resolve Landlord s objections.  If Landlord disapproves the Initial Programming Information, Tenant shall modify the Initial Programming Information and resubmit it for Landlord s review and approval.  Such procedure shall be repeated as necessary until Landlord has approved the Initial Programming Information.  
  3.3    Space Plan  .  After approving the Initial Programming Information, Landlord shall cause the Architect to prepare and deliver to Tenant a Space Plan that conforms to the Initial Programming Information.  Tenant shall approve or disapprove the Space Plan by notice to Landlord within three (3) business days after Tenant s receipt thereof.  If Tenant disapproves the Space Plan (provided, however, that Tenant may only disapprove the Space Plan to the extent it is inconsistent with the Initial Programming Information), Tenant s notice of disapproval shall specify any revisions Tenant desires in the Space Plan.  After receiving such notice of disapproval, Landlord shall cause the Architect to revise the Space Plan, taking into account the reasons for Tenant s disapproval, and resubmit the Space Plan to Tenant for its approval.  Such procedure shall be repeated as necessary until Tenant has approved the Space Plan.  
    3.4    Additional Programming Information  .  Within ten (10) days after Tenant s approval of the Space Plan, Tenant shall furnish to Landlord all information that, together with the Space Plan, is necessary in the judgment of Landlord, the Architect and the Engineers to complete the architectural, engineering and final   

EXHIBIT B -4-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

architectural working drawings for the Premises in a form that is sufficient to enable subcontractors to bid on the work and to obtain all applicable permits for the Tenant Improvements (the    Final Working Drawings   ), including electrical requirements, telephone requirements, special HVAC requirements, plumbing requirements, and all interior and special finishes (collectively, the    Additional Programming Information   ).      The Additional Programming Information shall be consistent with the Space Plan and shall otherwise be subject to Landlord s reasonable approval.      Landlord shall     provide Tenant with notice approving or reasonably disapproving the Additional Programming Information within five (5) business days after Landlord s receipt thereof.      If Landlord disapproves the Additional Programming Information, Landlord s notice of disapproval shall describe with reasonable specificity the basis for such disapproval and the changes that would be necessary to resolve Landlord s objections.      If Landlord disapproves the Additional Programming Information, Tenant shall modify the Additional Programming Information and resubmit it for Landlord s review and approval.      Such procedure shall be repeated as necessary until Landlord has approved the Additional Programming Information.  
  3.5    Approved Working Drawings  .  After approving the Additional Programming Information, Landlord shall cause the Architect and the Engineers to prepare and deliver to Tenant the Final Working Drawings that conform to the approved Space Plan and the approved Additional Programming Information.  Within five (5) business days after Tenant s receipt thereof, Tenant shall approve or disapprove the Final Working Drawings by notice to Landlord.  If Tenant disapproves the Final Working Drawings, Tenant s notice of disapproval shall specify any revisions Tenant desires in the Final Working Drawings (provided, however, that Tenant may only disapprove the Final Working Drawings to the extent it is inconsistent with the Space Plan or the Additional Programming Information).  After receiving such notice of disapproval, Landlord shall cause the Architect and/or the Engineers to revise the Final Working Drawings, taking into account the reasons for Tenant s disapproval, and resubmit the Final Working Drawings to Tenant for its approval.  Such procedure shall be repeated as necessary until Tenant has approved the Final Working Drawings.  
  3.6    Permits  .  The Final Working Drawings shall be approved by Tenant (the    Approved Working Drawings   ) prior to the commencement of the construction of the Tenant Improvements.  Landlord shall immediately submit the Approved Working Drawings to the appropriate municipal authorities for all applicable building permits necessary to allow  Contractor,  as that term is defined in   Section 4.1  , below, to commence and fully complete the construction of the Tenant Improvements (the    Permits   ).  No changes, modifications or alterations in the Approved Working Drawings may be made without the prior written consent of Landlord, provided that Landlord may withhold its consent, in its sole discretion, to any change in the Approved Working Drawings if such change would directly or indirectly delay the  Substantial Completion  of the Premises as that term is defined in   Section 5.1   of this Tenant Work Letter.  
  3.7    Time Deadlines  .  Landlord and Tenant shall each use their best, good faith, efforts and all due diligence to cooperate with the Architect, the Engineers, and each other to complete all phases of the Construction Drawings and the permitting process, and with Contractor for approval of the  Cost Proposal,  as that term is defined in   Section 4.2   of this Tenant Work Letter, as soon as possible after the execution of the Lease.  The applicable dates for approval of items, plans and drawings as described in this   Section 3  ,   Section 4  , below, and in this Tenant Work Letter are set forth (the    Time Deadlines   ), attached hereto.  Landlord and Tenant each agree to comply with the Time Deadlines.  
    Section 4      CONSTRUCTION OF THE TENANT IMPROVEMENTS  
      4.1    Contractor  .  Tenant shall select a contractor (   Contractor   ) to construct the Tenant Improvements pursuant to the terms of this   Section 4.1  .  Promptly following the full execution and delivery of the Lease, Landlord shall deliver a construction proposal bid package (the    RFP   ) to Prevost Construction, Pacific Building Group and Good and Roberts (each a    Bidding Contractor  ,  and, collectively, the    Bidding Contractors   ) requesting each Bidding Contractor to bid on the construction of the Tenant Improvements.  Each of the Bidding Contractors shall be notified in the RFP, which shall be prepared by Landlord, of (i) the time schedule for construction of the Tenant Improvements, (ii) the requirement that, unless Landlord otherwise requires, the selected Bidding Contractor shall use the Engineers set forth in   Section 3.1  , above, and (iii) all major subcontractors   

EXHIBIT B -5-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

must be bid to at least two (2) qualified subcontractors.      Tenant shall, within three (3) business days following the date upon which Landlord delivers such bids to Tenant, select the Contractor from among the Bidding Contractors that Landlord determines have (a) submitted qualified bids which were consistent with the bid assumptions and directions, and (b) have committed to Landlord     s time schedule for construction of the Tenant Improvements.  
    4.2    Cost Proposal  .  After the Approved Working Drawings are signed by Landlord and Tenant, Landlord shall provide Tenant with a cost proposal in accordance with the Approved Working Drawings, which cost proposal shall include, as nearly as possible, the cost of all Tenant Improvement Allowance Items to be incurred by Tenant in connection with the design and construction of the Tenant Improvements (the    Cost Proposal   ), and which shall also include the bid amount submitted by each qualified major subcontractor; provided, however, the Contractor shall be required to bid each of the major subcontractors (as reasonably determined by Landlord) with at least two (2) qualified subcontractors, and Landlord shall, unless otherwise directed by Tenant at the time Tenant approves the Cost Proposal, select the lowest cost bid which is conforming and consistent with the bid assumptions and directions.  Tenant shall approve and deliver the Cost Proposal to Landlord within five (5) business days of the receipt of the same, and upon receipt of the same by Landlord, Landlord shall be released by Tenant to purchase the items set forth in the Cost Proposal and to commence the construction relating to such items.  The date by which Tenant must approve and deliver the Cost Proposal to Landlord shall be known hereafter as the    Cost Proposal Delivery Date   .  
  4.3    Construction of Tenant Improvements by Contractor under the Supervision of Landlord  .  
  4.3.1    Over-Allowance Amount  .  On the Cost Proposal Delivery Date, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord cash in an amount (the    Over-Allowance Amount   ) equal to the difference between (i) the amount of the Cost Proposal and (ii) the amount of the Tenant Improvement Allowance (as increased by any Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance which Tenant elects to utilize).  The Over-Allowance Amount shall be disbursed by Landlord prior to the disbursement of any then remaining portion of the Tenant Improvement Allowance, and such disbursement shall be pursuant to the same procedure as the Tenant Improvement Allowance.  In the event that, after the Cost Proposal Delivery Date, any revisions, changes, or substitutions shall be made to the Construction Drawings or the Tenant Improvements, any additional costs which arise in connection with such revisions, changes or substitutions or any other additional costs shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord immediately upon Landlord s request as an addition to the Over-Allowance Amount.  
  4.3.2    Landlord s Retention of Contractor  .  Landlord shall independently retain Contractor, on behalf of Tenant, to construct the Tenant Improvements in accordance with the Approved Working Drawings (subject to the following sentence) and the Cost Proposal and Landlord shall supervise the construction by Contractor, and Tenant shall pay a construction supervision and management fee (the    Landlord Supervision Fee   ) to Landlord in an amount equal five percent (5%) of the total cost of all Tenant Improvement Allowance Items.  Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Tenant Work Letter to the contrary, construction of the Tenant Improvements shall not commence until (a) Landlord has a fully executed and delivered contract with Contractor for the construction of the Tenant Improvements, and (b) Tenant has delivered to Landlord the Over-Allowance Amount.  
  4.3.3    Contractor s Warranties and Guaranties  .  Landlord hereby agrees to obtain industry standard warranties from the Contractor and all subcontractors and assigns to Tenant all warranties and guaranties by Contractor relating to the Tenant Improvements, and Tenant hereby waives all claims against Landlord relating to, or arising out of the construction of, the Tenant Improvements.  Landlord will assist Tenant in enforcing all warranties against the applicable parties.  
   
  4.3.4    Intentionally Omitted  .   

EXHIBIT B -6-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

Section 5          COMPLET  ION OF THE TENANT IMPROVEMENTS;     LEASE COMMENCEMENT DATE  
    5.1    Ready for Occupancy  .  The Premises shall be deemed    Ready for Occupancy    upon the Substantial Completion of the Premises.  For purposes of this Lease,    Substantial Completion    of the Premises shall occur upon the completion of construction of the Tenant Improvements in the Premises pursuant to the Approved Working Drawings, with the exception of any punch list items and any tenant fixtures, work-stations, built-in furniture, or equipment to be installed by Tenant or under the supervision of Contractor, and receipt of a certificate of occupancy or its equivalent (e.g., a final sign off by the Building Inspector allowing legal occupancy of the Premises).  
    5.2    Delay of the Substantial Completion of the Premises  .  Except as provided in this   Section 5.2  , the Lease Commencement Date shall occur as set forth in the Lease and   Section 5.1  , above.  If there shall be a delay or there are delays in the Substantial Completion of the Premises or in the occurrence of any of the other conditions precedent to the Lease Commencement Date, as set forth in the Lease, as a result of:  
  5.2.1    Tenant s failure to comply with the Time Deadlines;  
    5.2.2    Tenant s failure to timely approve any matter requiring Tenant s approval;  
    5.2.3    A breach by Tenant of the terms of this Tenant Work Letter or the Lease;  
  5.2.4    Changes in any of the Construction Drawings after disapproval of the same by Landlord or because the same do not comply with Code or other applicable laws;  
  5.2.5    Tenant s request for changes in the Approved Working Drawings;  
  5.2.6    Tenant s requirement for materials, components, finishes or improvements  which are not   available in a commercially reasonable time given the anticipated date of Substantial Completion of the Premises, as set forth in the Lease, or which are different from, or not included in, the Standard Improvement Package;  
  5.2.7    Changes to the Base, Shell and Core required by the Approved Working Drawings; or  
    5.2.8    Any other acts or omissions of Tenant, or its agents, or employees;  
 then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Lease or this Tenant Work Letter and regardless of the actual date of the Substantial Completion of the Premises, the date of the Substantial Completion of the Premises shall be deemed to be the date the Substantial Completion of the Premises would have occurred if no Tenant delay or delays, as set forth above, had occurred.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Tenant Delay pursuant to  Section 5.2.2  (except as to items for which the time period for Tenant s approval is expressly set forth herein),  5.2.3  or  5.2.8  above shall be deemed to have occurred unless and until Landlord has provided written notice to Tenant specifying the action or inaction that Landlord contends constitutes a Tenant Delay.  If such action or inaction is not cured within one (1) day after receipt of such notice, then a Tenant Delay, as set forth in such notice, shall be deemed to have occurred commencing as of the date such notice is received and continuing for the number of days that Substantial Completion of the Improvements was in fact delayed as a result of such action or inaction. 

EXHIBIT B -7-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

Section 6        MISCELLANEOUS  
    6.1    Tenant s Entry Into the Premises Prior to Substantial Completion  .  Provided that Tenant and its agents do not interfere with Contractor s work in the Building and the Premises, Contractor shall allow Tenant access to the Premises prior to the Substantial Completion of the Premises (without the payment of Rent) for the purpose of Tenant installing overstandard equipment or fixtures (including Tenant s data and telephone equipment) in the Premises.  Prior to Tenant s entry into the Premises as permitted by the terms of this   Section 6.1  , Tenant shall submit a schedule to Landlord and Contractor, for their approval, which schedule shall detail the timing and purpose of Tenant s entry.  Tenant shall hold Landlord harmless from and indemnify, protect and defend Landlord against any loss or damage to the Building or Premises and against injury to any persons caused by Tenant s actions pursuant to this   Section 6.1  .  Tenant shall have the right to occupy a portion of the Premises (not to exceed fifty percent (50%)) prior to the Lease Commencement Date, provided that (A) Tenant shall give Landlord at least ten (10) days  prior notice of any such occupancy of a portion of the Premises, (B) such occupancy does not interfere with Contractor s work in the Building and the Premises, (C) a temporary certificate of occupancy or its equivalent shall have been issued by the appropriate governmental authorities for each such portion to be occupied, and (D) all of the terms and conditions of the Lease shall apply, provided that Tenant s obligation to pay Base Rent and Tenant s Share of the annual Direct Expenses shall be in proportion to the ratio that the amount of rentable square feet of the Premises which is occupied by Tenant for the conduct of its business bears to the total rentable square feet of the Premises.  
  6.2    Intentionally Omitted  .  
  6.3    Tenant s Representative  .  Tenant has designated Kirt Gilliland of Gilliland Construction Management as its sole representative with respect to the matters set forth in this Tenant Work Letter, who, until further notice to Landlord, shall have full authority and responsibility to act on behalf of the Tenant as required in this Tenant Work Letter.  
  6.4    Landlord s Representative  .  Landlord has designated Jeff Sobczyk of PMA as its sole representative with respect to the matters set forth in this Tenant Work Letter, who, until further notice to Tenant, shall have full authority and responsibility to act on behalf of the Landlord as required in this Tenant Work Letter.  
  6.5    Tenant s Agents  .  All contractors, subcontractors, laborers, materialmen, and suppliers retained directly by Tenant shall be from a list of supplied by Landlord.  
  6.6    Time of the Essence in This Tenant Work Letter  .  Unless otherwise indicated, all references herein to a  number of days  shall mean and refer to calendar days.  Time is of the essence with respect to the performance of every provision of this Tenant Work Letter in which time of performance is a factor.  
  6.7    Tenant s Lease Default  .  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Lease, if an event of default as described in the Lease, or a default by Tenant under this Tenant Work Letter, has occurred at any time on or before the Substantial Completion of the Premises, then (i) in addition to all other rights and remedies granted to Landlord pursuant to the Lease, Landlord shall have the right to withhold payment of all or any portion of the Tenant Improvement Allowance and/or Landlord may cause Contractor to cease the construction of the Premises (in which case, Tenant shall be responsible for any delay in the Substantial Completion of the Premises caused by such work stoppage as set forth in   Section 5   of this Tenant Work Letter), and (ii) all other obligations of Landlord under the terms of this Tenant Work Letter shall be forgiven until such time as such default is cured pursuant to the terms of the Lease.  

EXHIBIT B -8-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

EXHIBIT     C        SORRENTO GATEWAY        NOTICE OF LEASE TERM DATES  

To:   
 
 ______________________ ______________________ ______________________ ______________________     

Re   
 
 Lease dated ____________, 20___ between ______________________, a___________________ (  Landlord  ), and _______________________, a ____________________________ (  Tenant  ) concerning Suite _______ on floor(s) _____________ of the building located at, ____________________________, California.    

 Gentlemen: 
 In accordance with the Lease (the   Lease  ), we wish to advise you and/or confirm as follows: 

1.   
 
 The Lease Term shall commence on or has commenced on ____________ for a term of _______________ ending on ________________.    

2.   
 
 Rent commenced to accrue on ____________, in the amount of _____________.    

3.   
 
 If the Lease Commencement Date is other than the first day of the month, the first billing will contain a pro rata adjustment.  Each billing thereafter, with the exception of the final billing, shall be for the full amount of the monthly installment as provided for in the Lease.    

4.   
 
 Your rent checks should be made payable to _________ at ____________.    

5.   
 
 The exact number of rentable/usable square feet within the Premises is ____________ square feet.    

6.   
 
 Tenant s Share as adjusted based upon the exact number of usable square feet within the Premises is ____________%.    

Landlord :  

a  

By:  

Its:  

EXHIBIT C -1-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

EXHIBIT C -2-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

EXHIBIT     D        SORRENTO GATEWAY        FORM     OF TENANT S ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE  
 The undersigned as Tenant under that certain Lease (the   Lease  ) made and entered into as of ________, 20 ____ by and between _______________ as Landlord, and the undersigned as Tenant, for Premises consisting of the entire office building located at _____________________________, California, certifies as follows: 
 1.  Attached hereto as  Exhibit A  is a true and correct copy of the Lease and all amendments and modifications thereto.  The documents contained in  Exhibit A  represent the entire agreement between the parties as to the Premises. 
 2.  The undersigned currently occupies the Premises described in the Lease, the Lease Term commenced on, ______________, and the Lease Term expires on , and the undersigned has no option to terminate or cancel the Lease or to purchase all or any part of the Premises, the Building and/or the Project. 
 3.  Base Rent became payable on _______________. 
 4.  The Lease is in full force and effect and has not been modified, supplemented or amended in any way except as provided in  Exhibit A . 
 5.  Tenant has not transferred, assigned, or sublet any portion of the Premises nor entered into any license or concession agreements with respect thereto except as follows: 
 6.  Tenant shall not modify the documents contained in  Exhibit A  without the prior written consent of Landlord s mortgagee. 
 7.  All monthly installments of Base Rent, all Additional Rent and all monthly installments of estimated Additional Rent have been paid when due through  ______________.The current  monthly installment of Base Rent is $_______________________. 
 8.  All conditions of the Lease to be performed by Landlord necessary to the enforceability of the Lease have been satisfied and Landlord is not in default thereunder.  In addition, the undersigned has not delivered any notice to Landlord regarding a default by Landlord thereunder.  The Lease does not require Landlord to provide any rental concessions or to pay any leasing brokerage commissions. 
 9.  No rental has been paid more than thirty (30) days in advance and no security has been deposited with Landlord except as provided in the Lease.  Neither Landlord, nor its successors or assigns, shall in any event be liable or responsible for, or with respect to, the retention, application and/or return to Tenant of any security deposit paid to any prior landlord of the Premises, whether or not still held by any such prior landlord, unless and until the party from whom the security deposit is being sought, whether it be a lender, or any of its successors or assigns, has actually received for its own account, as landlord, the full amount of such security deposit. 
 10.  As of the date hereof, there are no existing defenses or offsets, or, to the undersigned s knowledge, claims or any basis for a claim, that the undersigned has against Landlord. 
 11.  If Tenant is a corporation or partnership, each individual executing this Estoppel Certificate on behalf of Tenant hereby represents and warrants that Tenant is a duly formed and existing entity qualified to do business in California and that Tenant has full right and authority to execute and deliver this Estoppel Certificate and that each person signing on behalf of Tenant is authorized to do so. 

EXHIBIT D  -1 -  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

12.    There are no actions pending against the undersigned under the bankruptcy or similar laws of the United States or any state.  
 13.  Tenant is in full compliance with all federal, state and local laws, ordinances, rules and regulations affecting its use of the Premises, including, but not limited to, those laws, ordinances, rules or regulations relating to hazardous or toxic materials.  Tenant has never permitted or suffered, nor does Tenant have any knowledge of, the generation, manufacture, treatment, use, storage, disposal or discharge of any hazardous, toxic or dangerous waste, substance or material in, on, under or about the Project or the Premises or any adjacent premises or property in violation of any federal, state or local law, ordinance, rule or regulation. 
 14.  To the undersigned s knowledge, all tenant improvement work to be performed by Landlord under the Lease has been completed in accordance with the Lease and has been accepted by the undersigned and all reimbursements and allowances due to the undersigned under the Lease in connection with any tenant improvement work have been paid in full.  All work (if any) in the common areas required by the Lease to be completed by Landlord has been completed and all parking spaces required by the Lease have been furnished and/or all parking ratios required by the Lease have been met. 
 The undersigned acknowledges that this Estoppel Certificate may be delivered to Landlord or to a prospective mortgagee or prospective purchaser, and acknowledges that said prospective mortgagee or prospective purchaser will be relying upon the statements contained herein in making the loan or acquiring the property of which the Premises are a part and that receipt by it of this certificate is a condition of making such loan or acquiring such property. 
 Executed at _________________ on the _____ day of __________, 200_. 

Tenant  :  

a  

By:  

Its:  

By:  

Its:  

EXHIBIT D  -2 -  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

EXHIBIT     E        INTENTIONALLY OMITTED  

EXHIBIT E -1-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

EXHIBIT     F        SORRENTO GATEWAY        ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE     
  ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE FOR COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTIES  

Property Name:  

Property  

Address:  

Instructions  :  The following questionnaire is to be completed by the Lessee representative with knowledge of the planned operations for the specified building/location.  Please print clearly and attach additional sheets as necessary.  
  1.0    PROCESS INFORMATION  
 Describe planned use, and include brief description of manufacturing processes employed. 
 _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
  2.0    HAZARDOUS MATERIALS  
 Are hazardous materials used or stored? If so, continue with the next question.  If not, go to Section 3.0. 

2.1   
 
  Are any of the following materials handled on the Property?           Yes       No         

 (A material is handled if it is used, generated, processed, produced, packaged, treated, stored, emitted, discharged, or disposed.) If so, complete this section.  If this question is not applicable, skip this section and go on to Section 5.0. 

Explosives   
 
    Fuels   
 
    Oils   

Solvents   
 
    Oxidizers    
 
    Organics/Inorganics   

Acids   
 
    Bases   
 
    Pesticides   

Gases   
 
    PCBs   
 
    Radioactive Materials   

Other (please specify)   

EXHIBIT F -1-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

2-2.   
 
  If any of the groups of materials checked in Section 2.1, please list the specific material(s), use(s), and quantity of each chemical used or stored on the site in the Table below.  If convenient, you may substitute a chemical inventory and list the uses of each of the chemicals in each category separately.     

Material  
 
 Physical State (Solid, Liquid, or Gas)  
 
 Usage  
 
 Container Size  
 
 Number of Containers  
 
 Total Quantity  

2-3.   
 
  Describe the planned storage area location(s) for these materials.  Please include site maps and drawings as appropriate.     

 __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
  3.0    HAZARDOUS WASTES  
 Are hazardous wastes generated?           Yes             No     
 If yes, continue with the next question.  If not, skip this section and go to Section 4.0. 

3.1   
 
  Are any of the following wastes generated, handled, or disposed of (where applicable) on the Property?     

Hazardous wastes   
 
    Industrial Wastewater   

Waste oils   
 
    PCBs   

Air emissions   
 
    Sludges   

Regulated Wastes   
 
    Other (please specify)   

3-2.   
 
  List and quantify the materials identified in Question 3-1 of this section.     

WASTE GENERATED  
 
 RCRA listed Waste?  
 
 SOURCE  
 
 APPROXIMATE MONTHLY QUANTITY  
 
 WASTE CHARACTERIZATION  
 
 DISPOSITION  

3-3.   
 
  Please include name, location, and permit number (e.g. EPA ID No.) for transporter and disposal facility, if applicable).  Attach separate pages as necessary.     

EXHIBIT F -2-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

Transporter/Disposal Facility Name   
 
 Facility Location  
 
 Transporter (T) or Disposal (D) Facility  
 
 Permit Number  

3-4.   
 
  Are pollution controls or monitoring employed in the process to prevent or minimize the release of wastes into the environment?           Yes     No        

3-5.   
 
  If so, please describe.     

 __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
  4.0    USTS/ASTS  

4.1   
 
  Are underground storage tanks (USTs), aboveground storage tanks (ASTs), or associated pipelines used for the storage of petroleum products, chemicals, or liquid wastes present on site(lease renewals) or required for planned operations (new tenants)?           Yes ___ No___     

 If not, continue with Section 5.0.  If yes, please describe capacity, contents, age, type of the USTs or ASTs, as well any associated leak detection/spill prevention measures.  Please attach additional pages if necessary. 

Capacity  
 
 Contents  
 
 Year Installed  
 
 Type (Steel, Fiberglass, etc.)  
 
 Associated Leak Detection / Spill Prevention Measures*  

*Note:  The following are examples of leak detection / spill prevention measures: 

Integrity testing  
 
 Inventory reconciliation  
 
 Leak detection system  

Overfill spill protection   
 
 Secondary containment  
 
 Cathodic protection  

4-2.   
 
  Please provide copies of written tank integrity test results and/or monitoring documentation, if available.     

4-3.   
 
  Is the UST/AST registered and permitted with the appropriate regulatory agencies?          Yes      No       If so, please attach a copy of the required permits.     

4-4.   
 
  If this Questionnaire is being completed for a lease renewal, and if any of the USTs/ASTs have leaked, please state the substance released, the media(s) impacted (e.g., soil, water, asphalt, etc.), the actions taken, and all remedial responses to the incident.     

 ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 

EXHIBIT F -3-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

4-5.   
 
        If this Questionnaire is being completed for a lease renewal, have USTs/ASTs been removed from the     Property?           Yes       No         

 If yes, please provide any official closure letters or reports and supporting documentation (e.g., analytical test results, remediation report results, etc.). 

4-6.   
 
  For Lease renewals, are there any above or below ground pipelines on site used to transfer chemicals or wastes?   Yes       No         

 For new tenants, are installations of this type required for the planned operations?    Yes     No     
 If yes to either question, please describe. 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
  5.0    ASBESTOS CONTAINING BUILDING MATERIALS  
   
 Please be advised that an asbestos survey may have been performed at the Property.  If provided, please review the information that identifies the locations of known asbestos containing material or presumed asbestos containing material.  All personnel and appropriate subcontractors should be notified of the presence of these materials, and informed not to disturb these materials.  Any activity that involves the disturbance or removal of these materials must be done by an appropriately trained individual/contractor. 
    6.0    REGULATORY  

6-1.   
 
  Does the operation have or require a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) or equivalent permit?    Yes       No         

  If so, please attach a copy of this permit.  

6-2.   
 
  Has a Hazardous Materials Business Plan been developed for the site?    Yes       No         

  If so, please attach a copy.  
 CERTIFICATION 
 I am familiar with the real property described in this questionnaire.  By signing below, I represent and warrant that the answers to the above questions are complete and accurate to the best of my knowledge.  I also understand that Lessor will rely on the completeness and accuracy of my answers in assessing any environmental liability risks associated with the property. 

Signature:  

Name:  

Title  

Date:  

Telephone  

EXHIBIT F -4-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

EXHIBIT     G        SORRENTO GATEWAY        LETTER OF CREDIT PROVISIONS  
  1.    Delivery of Letter of Credit  .  Tenant shall deliver to Landlord concurrent with Tenant s execution of the Pre-SC Amendment and/or Post-SC Amendment, as applicable, as protection for the full and faithful performance by Tenant of all of its obligations under this Lease (and for purposes of this   Exhibit G  , all references to the term  Lease  or  this Lease  shall mean the Lease, the Pre-SC Amendment and/or the Post-SC Amendment) and for all losses and damages Landlord may suffer (or which Landlord reasonably estimates that it may suffer) as a result of any breach or default by Tenant under this Lease, an unconditional, clean, irrevocable negotiable standby letter of credit (the    L-C   ) in the amount required by   Section 2.1.3   or   Section 2.1.4   of the Tenant Work Letter, as applicable (the    L-C Amount   ), in the form attached hereto as   Schedule 1  , payable in the City of San Diego, California, running in favor of Landlord, drawn on a bank (the    Bank   ) reasonably approved by Landlord and which Bank at a minimum must have a rating from Standard and Poors Corporation of A- or better (or any equivalent rating thereto from any successor or substitute rating service selected by Lessor) and a letter of credit issuer rating from Moody s Investor Service of A3 or better (or any equivalent rating thereto from any successor rating agency thereto) (the    Credit Rating Threshold   ), and otherwise conforming in all respects to the requirements of this   Exhibit G  , including, without limitation, all of the requirements of   Section 2   below, all as set forth more particularly hereinbelow.  Tenant shall pay all expenses, points and/or fees incurred by Tenant in obtaining and maintaining the L-C.  In the event of an assignment by Tenant of its interest in the Lease (and irrespective of whether Landlord s consent is required for such assignment), the acceptance of any replacement or substitute letter of credit by Landlord from the assignee shall be subject to Landlord s prior written approval, in Landlord s reasonable discretion, and the attorney s fees incurred by Landlord in connection with such determination shall be payable by Tenant to Landlord within ten (10) days of billing.  
  2.    In General  .  The L-C shall be  callable  at sight, permit partial draws and multiple presentations and drawings, and be otherwise subject to the Uniform Customs and Practices for Documentary Credits (1993-Rev), International Chamber of Commerce Publication #500, or the International Standby Practices-ISP 98, International Chamber of Commerce Publication #590.  Tenant further covenants and warrants as follows:  
  2.1    Landlord Right to Transfer  .  The L-C shall provide that Landlord, its successors and assigns, may, at any time and without notice to Tenant and without first obtaining Tenant s consent thereto, transfer (one or more times) all or any portion of its interest in and to the L-C to another party, person or entity, regardless of whether or not such transfer is separate from or as a part of the assignment by Landlord of its rights and interests in and to this Lease.  In the event of a transfer of Landlord s interest in the Building, Landlord shall transfer the L-C, in whole or in part, to the transferee and thereupon Landlord shall, without any further agreement between the parties, be released by Tenant from all liability therefor, and it is agreed that the provisions hereof shall apply to every transfer or assignment of the whole or any portion of said L-C to a new landlord.  In connection with any such transfer of the L-C by Landlord, Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, execute and submit to the Bank such applications, documents and instruments as may be necessary to effectuate such transfer, and Tenant shall be responsible for paying the Bank s transfer and processing fees in connection therewith.  
  2.2    No Assignment by Tenant  .  Tenant shall neither assign nor encumber the L-C or any part thereof.  Neither Landlord nor its successors or assigns will be bound by any assignment, encumbrance, attempted assignment or attempted encumbrance by Tenant in violation of this Section.  
  2.3    Replenishment  .  If, as a result of any drawing by Landlord on the L-C pursuant to its rights set forth in   Section 3   below, the amount of the L-C shall be less than the L-C Amount, Tenant shall, within five (5) days thereafter, provide Landlord with (i) an amendment to the L-C restoring such L-C to the L-C Amount or (ii) additional L-Cs in an amount equal to the deficiency, which additional L-Cs shall comply with all of the provisions of this   Exhibit G  , and if Tenant fails to comply with the foregoing, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in   Section 19.1   of the Lease, the same shall constitute an incurable default by Tenant under this Lease (without the need for any additional notice and/or cure period).  

EXHIBIT G -1-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

2.4    Renewal; Replacement  .      If the L-C expires earlier than the date (the    LC Expiration Date   ) that is one hundred twenty (120) days after the expiration of the Lease Term, Tenant shall deliver a new L-C or certificate of renewal or extension to Landlord at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the L-C then held by Landlord, without any action whatsoever on the part of Landlord, which new L-C shall be irrevocable and automatically renewable through the LC Expiration Date upon the same terms as the expiring L-C or such other terms as may be acceptable to Landlord in its sole discretion.      In furtherance of the foregoing, Landlord and Tenant agree that the L-C shall contain a so-called    evergreen provision  ,    whereby the L-C will automatically be renewed unless at least sixty (60) days  prior written notice of non-renewal is provided by the issuer to Landlord; provided, however, that the final expiration date identified in the L-C, beyond which the L-C shall not automatically renew, shall not be earlier than the LC Expiration Date.  
  2.5    Bank s Financial Condition  .  If, at any time during the Lease Term, the Bank s long term credit rating is reduced below the Credit Rating Threshold, or if the financial condition of the Bank changes in any other materially adverse way (either, a    Bank Credit Threat   ), then Landlord shall have the right to require that Tenant obtain from a different issuer a substitute L-C that complies in all respects with the requirements of this   Exhibit G  , and Tenant s failure to obtain such substitute L-C within ten (10) days following Landlord s written demand therefor (with no other notice or cure or grace period being applicable thereto, notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary) shall entitle Landlord, or Landlord s then managing agent, to immediately draw upon the then existing L- C in whole or in part, without notice to Tenant, as more specifically described in   Section 3   below.  Tenant shall be responsible for the payment of any and all costs incurred with the review of any replacement L-C (including without limitation Landlord s reasonable attorneys  fees), which replacement is required pursuant to this Section or is otherwise requested by Tenant.  
  3.    Application of Letter of Credit  .  Tenant hereby acknowledges and agrees that Landlord is entering into this Lease in material reliance upon the ability of Landlord to draw upon the L-C as protection for the full and faithful performance by Tenant of all of its obligations under this Lease and for all losses and damages Landlord may suffer (or which Landlord reasonably estimates that it may suffer) as a result of any breach or default by Tenant under this Lease.  Landlord, or its then managing agent, shall have the right to draw down an amount up to the face amount of the L-C if any of the following shall have occurred or be applicable:  (A) such amount is due to Landlord under the terms and conditions of this Lease, or (B) Tenant has filed a voluntary petition under the U. S. Bankruptcy Code or any state bankruptcy code (collectively,    Bankruptcy Code   ), or (C) an involuntary petition has been filed against Tenant under the Bankruptcy Code, or (D) the Bank has notified Landlord that the L-C will not be renewed or extended through the LC Expiration Date, or (E) a Bank Credit Threat or Receivership (as such term is defined in   Section 6.1   below) has occurred and Tenant has failed to comply with the requirements of either   Section 2.5   above or 6 below, as applicable.  If Tenant shall breach any provision of this Lease or otherwise be in default hereunder or if any of the foregoing events identified in   Sections 3(B)   through   (E)   shall have occurred, Landlord may, but without obligation to do so, and without notice to Tenant, draw upon the L-C, in part or in whole, and the proceeds may be applied by Landlord (i) to cure any breach or default of Tenant and/or to compensate Landlord for any and all damages of any kind or nature sustained or which Landlord reasonably estimates that it will sustain resulting from Tenant s breach or default, (ii) against any Rent payable by Tenant under this Lease that is not paid when due and/or (iii) to pay for all losses and damages that Landlord has suffered or that Landlord reasonably estimates that it will suffer as a result of any breach or default by Tenant under this Lease.  The use, application or retention of the L-C, or any portion thereof, by Landlord shall not prevent Landlord from exercising any other right or remedy provided by this Lease or by any applicable law, it being intended that Landlord shall not first be required to proceed against the L-C, and shall not operate as a limitation on any recovery to which Landlord may otherwise be entitled.  Tenant agrees not to interfere in any way with payment to Landlord of the proceeds of the L-C, either prior to or following a  draw  by Landlord of any portion of the L-C, regardless of whether any dispute exists between Tenant and Landlord as to Landlord s right to draw upon the L-C.  No condition or term of this Lease shall be deemed to render the L-C conditional to justify the issuer of the L-C in failing to honor a drawing upon such L-C in a timely manner.  Tenant agrees and acknowledges that (i) the L-C constitutes a separate and independent contract between Landlord and the Bank, (ii) Tenant is not a third party beneficiary of such contract, (iii) Tenant has no property interest whatsoever in the L-C or the proceeds thereof, and (iv) in the event Tenant becomes a debtor under any chapter of the Bankruptcy Code, neither Tenant, any trustee, nor Tenant s bankruptcy estate shall have any right to restrict or limit Landlord s claim and/or rights to the L- C and/or the proceeds thereof by application of Section 502(b)(6) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or otherwise.  

EXHIBIT G -2-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

4.    Letter of Credit not a Security Deposit  .      Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that in no event or circumstance shall the L-C or any renewal thereof or any proceeds thereof be (i) deemed to be or treated as a      security     deposit      within the meaning of California Civil Code Section     1950.7, (ii) subject to the terms of such Section     1950.7, or (iii) intended to serve as a      security deposit      within the meaning of such Section     1950.7.      The parties hereto (A) recite that the L-C is not intended to serve as a security deposit and such Section     1950.7 and any and all other laws, rules and regulations applicable to security deposits in the commercial context (     Security Deposit Laws     ) shall have no applicability or relevancy thereto and (B) waive any and all rights, duties and obligations either party may now or, in the future, will have relating to or arising from the Security Deposit Laws.  
  5.    Proceeds of Draw  .  In the event Landlord draws down on the L-C pursuant to   Section 3(D)   or   (E)   above, the proceeds of the L-C may be held by Landlord and applied by Landlord against any Rent payable by Tenant under this Lease that is not paid when due and/or to pay for all losses and damages that Landlord has suffered or that Landlord reasonably estimates that it will suffer as a result of any breach or default by Tenant under this Lease.  Any unused proceeds shall constitute the property of Landlord and need not be segregated from Landlord s other assets.  Tenant hereby (i) agrees that (A) Tenant has no property interest whatsoever in the proceeds from any such draw, and (B) such proceeds shall not be deemed to be or treated as a  security deposit  under the Security Deposit Law, and (ii) waives all rights, duties and obligations either party may now or, in the future, will have relating to or arising from the Security Deposit Laws.  Landlord agrees that the amount of any proceeds of the L-C received by Landlord, and not (a) applied against any Rent payable by Tenant under this Lease that was not paid when due or (b) used to pay for any losses and/or damages suffered by Landlord (or reasonably estimated by Landlord that it will suffer) as a result of any breach or default by Tenant under this Lease (the    Unused L-C Proceeds   ), shall be paid by Landlord to Tenant (x) upon receipt by Landlord of a replacement L-C in the full L-C Amount, which replacement L-C shall comply in all respects with the requirements of this   Exhibit G  , or (y) within thirty (30) days after the LC Expiration Date; provided, however, that if prior to the LC Expiration Date a voluntary petition is filed by Tenant, or an involuntary petition is filed against Tenant by any of Tenant s creditors, under the Bankruptcy Code, then Landlord shall not be obligated to make such payment in the amount of the Unused L-C Proceeds until either all preference issues relating to payments under this Lease have been resolved in such bankruptcy or reorganization case or such bankruptcy or reorganization case has been dismissed.  
  6.    Bank Placed Into Receivership  .  
  6.1    Bank Placed Into Receivership  .  In the event the Bank is placed into receivership or conservatorship (any such event, a    Receivership   ) by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any successor or similar entity (the    FDIC   ), then, effective as of the date such Receivership occurs, the L-C shall be deemed to not meet the requirements of this   Exhibit G  , and, within ten (10) days following Landlord s notice to Tenant of such Receivership (the    LC Replacement Notice   ), Tenant shall replace the L-C with a substitute L-C from a different issuer reasonably acceptable to Landlord and that complies in all respects with the requirements of this   Exhibit G  .  If Tenant fails to replace such L-C with a substitute L-C from a different issuer pursuant to the terms and conditions of this   Section 6.1  , then, notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, Landlord shall have the right, at Landlord s option, to either (i) declare Tenant in default of this Lease for which there shall be no notice or grace or cure periods being applicable thereto other than the aforesaid ten (10) day period), in which event, Landlord shall have the right to pursue any and all remedies available to it under this Lease and at law, including, without limitation, treating any Receivership as a Bank Credit Threat and exercising Landlord s remedies under   Section 2.5   above, to the extent possible pursuant to then existing FDIC policy; or (ii) elect to increase the Base Rent due and owing under the terms of this Lease pursuant to the terms and conditions of   Section 6.2  , below.  Tenant shall be responsible for the payment of any and all costs incurred with the review of any replacement L- C (including without limitation Landlord s reasonable attorneys  fees), which replacement is required pursuant to this Section or is otherwise requested by Tenant.  
    6.2    FAILURE TO REPLACE L-C; LIQUIDATED DAMAGES  .  IN THE EVENT THAT TENANT FAILS TO REPLACE THE L-C PURSUANT TO, AND WITHIN THE TIME PERIODS SET FORTH IN,   SECTION 6.1   OF THIS LEASE, ABOVE, THEN TENANT S MONTHLY INSTALLMENT OF BASE RENT SHALL BE INCREASED TO ONE HUNDRED TEN PERCENT (110%) OF ITS THEN EXISTING LEVEL DURING THE PERIOD COMMENCING ON THE DATE THAT OCCURS TEN (10) DAYS FOLLOWING THE DATE TENANT RECEIVES THE LC REPLACEMENT NOTICE AND ENDING ON THE EARLIER TO OCCUR OF (I) THE DATE SUCH REPLACEMENT L-C IS DELIVERED TO LANDLORD PURSUANT TO   

EXHIBIT G -3-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

THE TERMS OF   SECTION     6.1  ,   OR (II) THE DATE WHICH IS NINETY (90) DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF SUCH LC REPLACEMENT NOTICE.      IN THE EVENT THAT TENANT FAILS, DURING SUCH NINETY (90) DAY     PERIOD FOLLOWING THE DATE OF THE LC REPLACEMENT NOTICE, TO CAUSE THE REPLACEMENT L-C TO BE DELIVERED TO LANDLORD PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF   SECTION     6.1  ,   THEN TENANT     S MONTHLY INSTALLMENT OF BASE RENT SHALL BE INCREASED TO ONE HUNDRED TWENTY-FIVE PERCENT (125%) OF ITS THEN EXISTING LEVEL DURING THE PERIOD COMMENCING ON THE DATE WHICH IS NINETY (90) DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF SUCH LC REPLACEMENT NOTICE AND ENDING ON THE DATE SUCH REPLACEMENT L-C IS DELIVERED TO LANDLORD PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF   SECTION     6.1  ,   PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE TOTAL AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF BASE RENT PAID BY TENANT IN EXCESS OF THE AMOUNT OF BASE RENT THAT TENANT WOULD HAVE PAID HAD SUCH L-C REPLACEMENT FAILURE NEVER OCCURRED SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE L-C AMOUNT.      THE PARTIES AGREE THAT IT WOULD BE IMPRACTICABLE AND EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO ASCERTAIN THE ACTUAL DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LANDLORD AS A RESULT OF TENANT     S FAILURE TO TIMELY REPLACE THE L-C FOLLOWING THE LC REPLACEMENT NOTICE AS REQUIRED IN   SECTION     6.1  ,   AND THAT UNDER THE CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING AS OF THE DATE OF THIS LEASE, THE LIQUIDATED DAMAGES PROVIDED FOR IN THIS   SECTION     6.2   REPRESENT A REASONABLE ESTIMATE OF THE DAMAGES WHICH LANDLORD WILL INCUR AS A RESULT OF SUCH FAILURE, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THIS PROVISION SHALL NOT WAIVE OR AFFECT LANDLORD     S RIGHTS AND TENANT     S INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER OTHER SECTIONS     OF THIS LEASE.      THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PAYMENT OF SUCH LIQUIDATED DAMAGES IS NOT INTENDED AS A FORFEITURE OR PENALTY WITHIN THE MEANING OF CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION     3275 OR 3369, BUT IS INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE LIQUIDATED DAMAGES TO LANDLORD PURSUANT TO CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION     1671.      THE PARTIES HAVE SET FORTH THEIR INITIALS BELOW TO INDICATE THEIR AGREEMENT WITH THE LIQUIDATED DAMAGES PROVISION CONTAINED IN THIS   SECTION     6.2  .  

_______________________    LANDLORD S INITIALS  
 
 ______________________    TENANT S INITIALS  

7.    Reduction of Letter of Credit  .  Provided that Tenant tenders to Landlord (a) evidence reasonably satisfactory to Landlord demonstrating the Tenant satisfies the  L-C Reduction Conditions,  as that term is defined below, and (b) a certificate of amendment to the existing L-C, conforming in all respects to the requirements of this   Exhibit G  , in the applicable L-C Amount, then the L-C Amount shall be reduced on each  Reduction Date,  as that term is defined below, by an amount equal to one-tenth (1/10 th ) of the L-C Amount on the date on which the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance is fully drawn upon.  For purposes of this   Section 7  , the    L-C Reduction Conditions    shall mean that (i) Tenant is not then in default under this Lease and has not been in default at any time during the prior twelve (12) month period, and (ii) as of the Reduction Date, Tenant s market capitalization (which is calculated by multiplying Tenant s shares outstanding by the current market price of one share) is equal to at least 80% of its market capitalization upon the date of this Lease.  The parties hereby stipulate that Tenant s market capitalization upon the date of this Lease is equal to $385,000,000.00.  For purposes of this   Section 7  , the    Reduction Date    shall mean each consecutive one-year anniversary of the date on which the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance is fully drawn upon.  

EXHIBIT G -4-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

SCHEDULE     1 TO EXHIBIT     G     FORM OF LETTER OF CREDIT  
  (Letterhead of a money center bank acceptable to the Landlord)  
 ________________, 20__ 
 ______________________ ______________________ ______________________ ______________________ 
 Gentlemen: 
 We hereby establish our Irrevocable Letter of Credit and authorize you to draw on us at sight for the account of [ INSERT TENANT NAME ] (  Applicant  ), a [ PLEASE PROVIDE ], the aggregate amount of ______________and _____Dollars ($________________). 
 Funds under this Letter of Credit are available to the beneficiary hereof as follows: 
 Any or all of the sums hereunder may be drawn down at any time and from time to time from and after the date hereof by [_______________](  Beneficiary  ) when accompanied by this Letter of Credit and a written statement signed by a representative of Beneficiary, (i) certifying that Beneficiary is otherwise allowed to draw down on the Letter of Credit pursuant to the terms of that certain office lease by and between Beneficiary and Applicant dated [insert lease date], as amended (collectively, the   Lease  ), (ii) certifying that Beneficiary is entitled to draw down the full amount of letter of credit no._____________ as the result of the filing of a voluntary petition under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or a State Bankruptcy Code by the tenant under the Lease, which filing has not been dismissed at the time of this drawing, or (iii) certifying that Beneficiary is entitled to draw down the full amount of letter of credit no. ______________ as the result of an involuntary petition having been filed under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or a State Bankruptcy Code against the tenant under the Lease, which filing has not been dismissed at the time of this drawing. 
 This Letter of Credit is transferable in its entirety.  Should a transfer be desired, such transfer will be subject to the return to us of this advice, together with written instructions. 
 The amount of each draft must be endorsed on the reverse hereof by the negotiating bank. 
 We hereby agree with you that if drafts are presented to the [bank name] under this Letter of Credit at or prior to 11:00 a.m. time, on a business day, and provided that such drafts presented conform to the terms and conditions of this Letter of Credit, payment shall be initiated by us in immediately available funds by our close of business on the succeeding business day.  If drafts are presented to [bank name] under this Letter of Credit after 11:00 a.m. time, on a business day, and provided that such drafts conform with the terms and conditions of this Letter of Credit, payment shall be initiated by us in immediately available funds by our close of business on the second succeeding business day.  As used in this Letter of Credit,   business day   shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the state of California are authorized or required by law to close.  If the expiration date for this Letter of Credit shall ever fall on a day which is not a business day then such expiration date shall automatically be extended to the date which is the next business day. 
 We hereby engage with you that drafts drawn under and in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Letter of Credit will be duly honored by us if presented at our offices located at attention:             (or at such other office of the bank as to which you have received written notice from us by registered mail, courier service or hand delivery, as being the applicable such address) on or before the then current expiration date.  We agree to notify you in writing by registered mail, courier service or hand delivery, of any change in such address. 

SCHEDULE 1 TO EXHIBIT G -1-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

Presentation of a drawing under this Letter of Credit may be made on or prior to the then current expiration date hereof by hand delivery, courier service, overnight mail, or facsimile.      Presentation by facsimile transmission shall be by transmission of the above required sight draft drawn on us together with this Le  tter of Credit to our facsimile number, (____) _________   attention:      the manager, standby letter of credit department, with telephonic confirmation of     our receipt of such facsimile transmission at our telephone number   (____) _________  to such other facsimile or     telephone numbers, as to which you have received written notice from us as being the applicable such number).      We agree to notify you in writing, by registered mail, courier service or hand delivery, of any change in such direction.      Any facsimile presentation pursuant to this paragraph shall also state thereon that the original of such sight draft and Letter of Credit are being remitted, for delivery on the next business day, to [bank name] at the applicable address for presentment pursuant to the paragraph preceding this one.  

This Letter of Credit shall expire on   
 
 ______________.    

 Notwithstanding the above expiration date of this Letter of Credit, the term of this Letter of Credit shall be automatically renewed for successive, additional one (1) year periods unless, at least sixty (60) days prior to any such date of expiration, the undersigned shall give written notice to Beneficiary, by certified mail, return receipt requested and at the address set forth above or at such other address as may be given to the undersigned by Beneficiary, that this Letter of Credit will not be renewed.  ( FINAL EXPIRATION DATE NOT LESS THAN 120 DAYS FOLLOWING LEASE EXPIRATION DATE ) 
 This Letter of Credit is governed by the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (1993 Revision), International Chamber of Commerce Publication 500. 
 Very truly yours, (Name of Issuing Bank)  
 By:  _________________________________ 

SCHEDULE 1 TO EXHIBIT G -2-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

EXHIBIT     H        INTENTIONALLY OMITTED  

EXHIBIT H -1-  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

LEASE              SORRENTO GATEWAY                                HCP LIFE SCIENCE REIT, INC.,      a Maryland corporation,      as Landlord,        and        SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS, INC.,        a Delaware corporation,        as Tenant.  

HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

Table of Contents  
  Page  

EXHIBITS 

A  
 
 OUTLINE OF PREMISES  

A-1  
 
 OUTLINE OF SITE PLAN  

B  
 
 TENANT WORK LETTER  

C  
 
 FORM OF NOTICE OF LEASE TERM DATES  

D  
 
 FORM OF TENANT S ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE  

E  
 
 INTENTIONALLY OMITTED  

F  
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE  

G  
 
 LETTER OF CREDIT PROVISIONS  

H  
 
 INTENTIONALLY OMITTED  

(i)  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

Table of Contents  
  Page  

4939 DP Building  
 
 4  

Abatement Event  
 
 35  

Accountant  
 
 14  

Advocate Arbitrators.  
 
 8  

Alterations  
 
 22  

Base Building  
 
 25  

Base Rent  
 
 9  

Base Rent Abatement  
 
 9  

Brokers  
 
 42  

Building  
 
 4  

Common Areas  
 
 4  

Comparable Buildings  
 
 7  

Contemplated Effective Date  
 
 29  

Contemplated Transfer Space  
 
 29  

Direct Expenses  
 
 10  

Eligibility Period  
 
 35  

Estimate  
 
 13  

Estimate Statement  
 
 13  

Estimated Direct Expenses  
 
 13  

Existing Hazardous Materials  
 
 17  

Expense Year  
 
 10  

First Offer Commencement Date  
 
 6  

First Offer Meeting  
 
 5  

First Offer Notice  
 
 5  

First Offer Rent  
 
 6  

First Offer Space  
 
 5  

Force Majeure  
 
 41  

Intention to Transfer Notice  
 
 29  

Irrevocable Exercise Notice  
 
 6  

Landlord  
 
 1  

Landlord Parties  
 
 24  

Landlord Repair Notice  
 
 26  

L-C Reduction Conditions  
 
 4  

Lease  
 
 1  

Lease Commencement Date  
 
 6  

Lease Expiration Date  
 
 6  

Lease Month  
 
 6  

Lease Term  
 
 6  

Lines  
 
 36  

Mail  
 
 41  

Neutral Arbitrator  
 
 8  

Nine Month Period  
 
 30  

Notices  
 
 41  

Objectionable Name  
 
 37  

Operating Expenses  
 
 10  

Option Rent  
 
 7  

Original Improvements  
 
 25  

Original Tenant  
 
 5  

Outside Agreement Date  
 
 8  

Premises  
 
 4  

Project,  
 
 4  

Review Period  
 
 14  

(ii)  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

Table of Contents  
  Page  

(iii)  
 
 HCP, INC. Sorrento Gateway [Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.]  

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 5
 srne-ex105_469.htm
 EX-10.5

srne-ex105_469.htm

Exhibit 10.5 
   
 Amendment No. 1 to MEmbership Interest PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 This Amendment No. 1 to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (this   Amendment  ) is dated as of March 7, 2016 by and between TNK Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   Purchaser  ), and Jaymin Patel, as the Members  Representative (the   Representative  ). 
 Recitals 
 Whereas , the Purchaser, the Representative, CARgenix Holdings LLC, a Rhode Island and Providence Plantations limited liability company (the    Company   ), the former members of the Company (the    Former Company Members   ) and Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Sorrento   ), are parties to that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2015 (the    Purchase Agreement   ), pursuant to which the Former Company Members sold, upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of the Company to the Purchaser;   
 Whereas , pursuant to Section 11.3 of the Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreement may not be amended, modified, altered or supplemented except by written agreement between the Purchaser and the Representative;   
 Whereas , the Purchase Agreement provides, among other things, that if the Purchaser does not issue, for the principal purpose of capital-raising resulting in gross proceeds (individually or in the aggregate) to the Purchaser of at least $50,000,000, shares of its common stock or shares of a previously unissued series of preferred stock (a    Financing   ), prior to March 15, 2016, then Sorrento will be obligated to issue shares of its common stock to the Former Company Members;   
 Whereas , as of the date hereof, the Purchaser does not believe that it will complete a Financing prior to March 15, 2016; and  
 Whereas , the Purchaser and the Representative desire to amend the Purchase Agreement to extend the period of time during which the Purchaser must complete a Financing before Sorrento will be obligated to issued shares of its common stock to the Former Company Members, and to make certain other related conforming changes to the Purchase Agreement.  
 Now Therefore , in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and with reference to the above recitals, the parties hereby agree as follows:  
 ARTICLE 1    AMENDMENTS  
 1.1   Amendment to Section 1.4(b) of the Purchase Agreement  .    The reference to  April 15, 2016  in Section 1.4(b) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby replaced with  October 15, 2016 .  

1.2    Amendment to Section 1.6  (a)   of the Purchase Agreement  .    The first sentence of Section 1.6  (a)   of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:  
  In the event that a Qualified Financing has occurred and the closing of the IPO has not occurred on or before September 30, 2016, as promptly as possible, and in no event later than October 15, 2016 (the   Repurchase Closing  ), Sorrento shall purchase the Purchaser Stock Consideration (including the Restrictive Agreement Shares) from the Members (the   Repurchase  ).  
 1.3   Amendment to Section 5.5 of the Purchase Agreement  .    The reference to  April 30, 2016  in Section 5.5 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby replaced with  October 30, 2016 .  
 1.4   Amendment to Definition of  Qualified Financing  in Exhibit A to the Purchase Agreement  .    The reference to  March 15, 2016  in the definition of  Qualified Financing  included in   Exhibit A   of the Purchase Agreement is hereby replaced with  September 15, 2016 .  
 ARTICLE 2    GENERAL PROVISIONS  
 2.1   Definitions  .  Capitalized terms in this Amendment but not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement.  
 2.2   Continuing Effectiveness  .  Except as modified by this Amendment, the Purchase Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and no party by virtue of entering into this Amendment is waiving any rights it has under the Purchase Agreement, and once this Amendment is executed by the parties hereto, all references in the Purchase Agreement to  the Agreement  or  this Agreement,  as applicable, shall refer to the Purchase Agreement as modified by this Amendment.  
 2.3   Successors and Assigns  .  The provisions of this Amendment shall apply to, be binding in all respects upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the parties to this Amendment.  
 2.4   Governing Law  .  This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts) of the State of California.  
 2.5   Counterparts  .  This Amendment may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument, and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties to this Amendment and delivered to the other parties to this Amendment; it being understood that all parties to this Amendment need not sign the same counterparts.  
 [ Signature Page Follows ] 
   
 2 

In Witness Whereof  , the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written.  

THE PURCHASER:  

TNK THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

By:  

/s/ Henry Ji, Ph.D.  

Name:  

Henry Ji, Ph.D.  

Title:  

Chief Executive Officer  

THE REPRESENTATIVE:  

/s/ Jaymin Patel  

JAYMIN PATEL  

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 6
 srne-ex106_713.htm
 EX-10.6

srne-ex106_713.htm

Exhibit 10.6 
 .. 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 This Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement (this  "Amendment')  is dated as of March 7, 2016 by and between TNK Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  "Purchaser"),  and Richard P. Junghans, M.D., Ph.D., as the Stockholders' Representative (the  ''Representative").  
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS,  the Purchaser, the Representative, BDL Products, Inc., a  Delaware corporation (the   "Company"),   the former stockholders of the Company (the   "Former Company Stockholders")   and Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation   ("Sorrento"),   are parties to that certain Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2015 (the   "Purchase Agreement'),   pursuant to which the Former Company Stockholders sold, upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company to the Purchaser;  
 WHEREAS,  pursuant to Section 12.3 of the Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreement may not be amended, modified, altered or supplemented except by written agreement between the Purchaser and the Representative;  
 WHEREAS,  the Purchase Agreement provides, among other things, that if the Purchaser does not issue, for the principal purpose of capital-raising resulting in gross proceeds (individually or in the aggregate) to the Purchaser of at least $50,000,000, shares of its common stock or shares of a previously unissued series of preferred stock (a   "Financing"),   prior to March 15, 2016, then Sorrento will be obligated to issue shares of its common stock to the Former Company Stockholders;  
 WHEREAS,  as of the date hereof, the Purchaser does not believe that it will complete a Financing prior to March 15, 2016; and  
 WHEREAS,  the Purchaser and the Representative desire to amend the  Purchase  Agreement to extend the period of time during which the Purchaser must complete a Financing before Sorrento will be obligated to issued shares of its common stock to the Former Company Stockholders, and to make certain other related conforming changes to the Purchase Agreement.  
 Now THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and with reference to the above recitals, the parties hereby agree as follows:  
 ARTICLE 1  
 AMENDMENTS 
 1.1  Amendment to Section 1.4(b) of the Purchase Agreement  . The  reference  to "April 15, 2016" in Section l.4(b) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby replaced with "October 15, 2016".  

1.2     Amendment to Section l .6(a) of the Purchase Agreement  . The first sentence of Section l.6(a) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:  
 "In the event that a Qualified Financing has occurred and the closing of the IPO has not occurred on or before September 15, 2016, as promptly as possible, and in no event later than September 30, 2016 (the  "Repurchase Closing"),  Sorrento shall purchase the Purchaser Stock Consideration from the Stockholders (the  "Repurchase'l"  
 1.3  Amendment to Section 5.14 of the Purchase Agreement.   The reference to "April 30, 2016" in Section 5.14 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby replaced with "October 30, 2016".  
 1.4  Amendment to Definition of "Qualified Financing" in Exhibit A to the Purchase Agreement  . The reference to "March 15, 2016" in the definition of "Qualified Financing" included in   EXHIBIT A   of the Purchase Agreement is hereby replaced with "September 15, 2016".  
 ARTICLE 2  
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 2.1  Definitions  . Capitalized terms in this Amendment but not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement.  
 2.2  Continuing Effectiveness  . Except as modified by this Amendment, the Purchase Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and no party by virtue of entering into this Amendment is waiving any rights it has under the Purchase Agreement, and once this Amendment is executed by the parties hereto, all references in the Purchase Agreement to "the Agreement" or "this Agreement," as applicable, shall refer to the Purchase Agreement as modified by this Amendment.  
 2.3  Successors and Assigns  . The provisions of this Amendment shall apply to, be binding in all respects upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the parties to this Amendment.  
 2.4  Governing Law  . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed m accordance with the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts) of the State of California.  
 2.5  Counterparts  . This Amendment may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument, and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties to this Amendment and delivered to the other parties to this Amendment; it being understood that all parties to this Amendment need not sign the same counterparts.  
   
 [Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written.  

THE PURCHASER:  
 TNK THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Henry Ji, Ph.D.  

Name:  
 
 Henry Ji,  Ph.D.   

Title:  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  

THE REPRESENTATIVE:  

/s/ RICHARD P. JUNGHANS, M.D., Ph.D.  

RICHARD P. JUNGHANS, M.D., Ph.D.  

</EX-10.6>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 srne-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

srne-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 I, Henry Ji, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 9, 2016  
 
 By:   
 
 /s/ Henry Ji, Ph.D.  

Henry Ji, Ph.D.  

Director, Chief Executive Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 srne-ex312_9.htm
 EX-31.2

srne-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 I, Kevin M. Herde, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 9, 2016   
 
 By:   
 
 /s/ Kevin M. Herde  

Kevin M. Herde  

Executive Vice President   Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 srne-ex321_6.htm
 EX-32.1

srne-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 CERTIFICATIONS OF  
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Henry Ji, Principal executive officer of Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge:  
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: November 9, 2016  
 
 By:   
 
 /s/ Henry Ji, Ph.D.  

Henry Ji, Ph.D.  

Director, Chief Executive Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

I, Kevin M. Herde, Principal financial and accounting officer of Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge:  
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: November 9, 2016  
 
 By:   
 
 /s/ Kevin M. Herde  

Kevin M. Herde  

Executive Vice President   Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

A signed original of these certifications has been provided to Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. and will be retained by Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  
 These certifications are being furnished solely to accompany this quarterly report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc., whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 13
 srne-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 srne-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 srne-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 srne-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 srne-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 srne-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

