<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_103379_0001193125-16-758861_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6167407</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>100120</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>369902</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>979728</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2966641</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1485049</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>47</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-758861.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103162117
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-758861
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			V F CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000103379
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEN'S & BOYS' FURNISHINGS, WORK CLOTHING, AND ALLIED GARMENTS [2320]
		IRS NUMBER:				231180120
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05256
		FILM NUMBER:		161971893

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		105 CORPORATE CENTER BOULEVARD
		CITY:			GREENSBORO
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27408
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(336)424-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P. O. BOX 21488
		CITY:			GREENSBORO
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27420

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VF CORPORATION
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19900621

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VANITY FAIR MILLS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19690520

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-758861.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 d436925d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended October 1, 2016   
  or       
 
  For the transition period from
                             to
                               
  Commission file number: 1-5256        
       V. F.
CORPORATION      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Pennsylvania  
   
  23-1180120   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. employer  
  identification number)    
    105 Corporate Center Boulevard   
  Greensboro, North Carolina 27408   
  (Address of principal executive offices)   
  (336) 424-6000   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 On October 29, 2016, there were 413,711,255 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

       VF CORPORATION   
  Table of Contents       

Page   No.  

Part I   Financial Information    

Item 1   Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets: September 2016, 
December 2015 and September 2015   

3 

Consolidated Statements of Income: Three and nine months ended September 2016 and
 September 2015   

4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss): Three and nine months ended
 September 2016 and September 2015   

5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: Nine months ended September 2016 and September
 2015   

6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity: Year ended December 2015
 and nine months ended September 2016   

7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

8 

Item 
2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

24 

Item 
3   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

33 

Item 4   Controls and Procedures   

34 

Part II   Other Information    

Item 1   Legal Proceedings   

35 

Item 1A   Risk Factors   

35 

Item 
2   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

35 

Item 6   Exhibits   

36 

Signatures    

37 

Table of Contents  

     Part I   Financial Information   
    Item 1    Financial Statements (Unaudited)     
    VF CORPORATION   
  Consolidated Balance Sheets   
  (Unaudited)      (In
thousands, except share amounts)       
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     VF CORPORATION   
  Consolidated Statements of Income   
  (Unaudited)      (In
thousands, except per share amounts)       
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     VF CORPORATION   
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
  (Unaudited)      (In
thousands)       
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     VF CORPORATION   
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
  (Unaudited)      (In
thousands)       

(a)   
 The cash flows related to discontinued operations have not been segregated, and are included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The cash and equivalents amounts presented above differ from cash and
equivalents in the Consolidated Balance Sheets due to cash included in  Current assets of discontinued operations.       See notes to
consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     VF CORPORATION   
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity   
  (Unaudited)      (In
thousands, except share amounts)       
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

     VF CORPORATION   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)      Note A   Basis of
Presentation     VF Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, collectively known as  VF  or  the Company ) uses a 52/53 week fiscal
year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31 of each year. For presentation purposes herein, all references to periods ended September 2016, December 2015 and September 2015 relate to the fiscal periods ended on October 1, 2016,
January 2, 2016 and October 3, 2015, respectively.    On August 26, 2016, VF completed the sale of its Contemporary Brands coalition. As a result,
VF has reported the operating results of this coalition in the income (loss) from discontinued operations line in the Consolidated Statements of Income for all periods presented. In addition, the related assets and liabilities were reported
as assets of discontinued operations and liabilities of discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheets through the date of sale. Unless otherwise noted, discussion within these notes to the consolidated financial statements relates
to continuing operations. See Note B for additional information on discontinued operations.    The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X and do not include all of the information and notes required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
( GAAP ) for complete financial statements. Similarly, the December 2015 consolidated balance sheet was derived from audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. In the opinion of management, the
accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements contain all normal and recurring adjustments necessary to fairly state the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows of VF for the interim periods presented.
Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 2016 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for any other interim period or for the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, refer to the
consolidated financial statements and notes included in VF s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 2015 ( 2015 Form 10-K ).  
  Note B   Discontinued Operations     On August 26,
2016, VF completed the sale of its Contemporary Brands coalition to Delta Galil Industries, Ltd. for $116.9 million. The Contemporary Brands coalition included the businesses of the  7 For All Mankind    ,  Splendid    , and  Ella Moss     brands (the  Businesses ) and
was previously disclosed as a separate reportable segment of VF.    The transaction resulted in an after-tax loss on sale of $104.4 million which is
included in the income (loss) from discontinued operations line in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the first nine months of 2016. The after-tax loss on sale included in income (loss) from discontinued operations for the third quarter of
2016 was $3.8 million.    Beginning in the second quarter of 2016, VF has reported the results of the Businesses in the income (loss) from discontinued
operations line item in the Consolidated Statements of Income and excluded them from continuing operations and segment results. Prior to the sale, the assets and liabilities of the Businesses were recorded in the assets of discontinued operations
and liabilities of discontinued operations line items, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.    Certain corporate overhead costs and interest
expense previously allocated to the Contemporary Brands coalition for segment reporting purposes did not qualify for classification within discontinued operations and have been reallocated to continuing operations. In addition, goodwill and
intangible asset impairment charges related to the Contemporary Brands coalition, previously excluded from the calculation of coalition profit, were reallocated to discontinued operations. These changes were applied to all periods presented.  
 VF will provide certain support services under transition services agreements for a limited period of time.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the major line items included in the income (loss) from discontinued operations
for each of the periods presented.      
   The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of major classes of assets and liabilities of discontinued operations for
each of the periods presented.      

(a)    
   Amounts at December 2015 and September 2015 have been classified as current and long-term in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.    
 Because the cash flows of the Businesses were not material for any of the periods presented, we have not segregated them in our Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows.     Note C   Sale of Accounts Receivable   
 VF has an agreement with a financial institution to sell selected trade accounts receivable on a recurring, nonrecourse basis. This agreement was amended in
January 2016 to permit up to $367.5 million of VF s accounts receivable to be sold to the financial institution and remain outstanding at any point in time, compared to the $237.5 million limit in place at December 2015 and September 2015. VF
removes the accounts receivable from the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the time of sale. VF does not retain any interests in the sold accounts receivable but continues to service and collect outstanding accounts receivable on behalf of the
financial institution. During the first nine months of 2016, VF sold total accounts receivable of $983.5 million. As of September 2016, December 2015 and September 2015, $212.3 million, $144.9 million and $167.5 million, respectively, of the
sold accounts  
      9  

Table of Contents  

receivable had been removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets but remained outstanding with the financial institution. The funding fee charged by the financial institution is included in other
income (expense), net, and was $0.8 million and $2.5 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, and $0.5 million and $1.4 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2015, respectively. Net proceeds of this
program are classified in operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.     Note D   Inventories   
   
    Note E   Property, Plant and Equipment       
    Note F   Intangible Assets       
   In connection with the contract renewal during the first quarter of 2016, VF determined that the trademark intangible asset
related to the  Rock       Republic     brand has a finite life. Accordingly, we reclassified the $58.1 million trademark balance from indefinite-lived intangible
assets to amortizable intangible assets, and commenced amortization of the trademark over its estimated useful life of 16 years.    Amortization expense for
the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 was $6.9 million and $20.8 million, respectively. Based on the carrying amounts of amortizable intangible assets noted above, estimated amortization expense for the years 2016 through 2020 is $27.5
million, $26.5 million, $25.9 million, $25.2 million and $24.3 million, respectively.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  There were no impairment charges recorded in the third quarter or first nine months of 2016. Refer to Note O for
discussion of the Company s interim impairment testing of the  Nautica     trademark during the third quarter of 2016.  
  Note G   Goodwill     Changes in goodwill are
summarized by business segment as follows:      
   Accumulated impairment charges were $43.4 million for the Outdoor   Action Sports coalition and $58.5 million for the
Sportswear coalition as of the dates presented above.    There were no impairment charges recorded in the third quarter or first nine months of 2016. Refer
to Note O for discussion of the Company s interim impairment testing of the  Nautica     reporting unit during the third quarter of 2016.  
  Note H     Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt   
 In June 2016, VF entered an accession agreement to increase the existing $1.75 billion senior unsecured revolving line of credit to $2.25 billion. This line of
credit supports VF s commercial paper program which was also increased to $2.25 billion.    In September 2016, VF issued  850 million of 0.625%
fixed-rate notes maturing in September 2023. The outstanding balance of the notes was $947.1 million at September 2016, which was net of unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance costs. Interest expense on these notes is recorded at an
effective annual interest rate of 0.712% which includes amortization of original issue discount and debt issuance costs.     Note I   Pension Plans
    The components of pension cost for VF s defined benefit plans are as follows:  
   
   VF contributed $12.8 million to its defined benefit plans during the first nine months of 2016, and intends to make
approximately $2.4 million of additional contributions during the remainder of 2016.    VF incurred $2.4 million and $4.0 million in settlement charges
during the third quarter and first nine months of 2015, respectively, related to the recognition of deferred actuarial losses resulting from lump sum payments of retirement benefits to participants in VF s supplemental defined benefit pension
plan. No settlement charges were incurred during the first nine months of 2016.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

   Note J   Capital and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
 During the first nine months of 2016, the Company purchased 15.9 million shares of Common Stock in open market transactions for $1.0 billion under its
share repurchase program authorized by VF s Board of Directors. These transactions were treated as treasury stock transactions.    Common Stock
outstanding is net of shares held in treasury which are, in substance, retired. During the first nine months of 2016, VF restored 16.0 million treasury shares to an unissued status, after which they were no longer recognized as shares held in
treasury. There were 2,600 shares held in treasury at the end of September 2016, no shares held in treasury at the end of December 2015, and 1,900 shares held in treasury at the end of September 2015. The excess of the cost of treasury shares
acquired over the $0.25 per share stated value of Common Stock is deducted from retained earnings.    VF Common Stock is also held by the Company s
deferred compensation plans and is treated as treasury shares for financial reporting purposes. During the first nine months of 2016, the Company purchased 4,000 shares of Common Stock in open market transactions for $0.2 million. Balances related
to shares held for deferred compensation plans were as follows:      
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
 Comprehensive income consists of net income and specified components of other comprehensive income ( OCI ), which relates to changes in assets and
liabilities that are not included in net income under GAAP but are instead deferred and accumulated within a separate component of stockholders  equity in the balance sheet. VF s comprehensive income is presented in the Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income. The deferred components of OCI are reported, net of related income taxes, in accumulated OCI in stockholders  equity, as follows:      
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

  The changes in accumulated OCI, net of related taxes, are as follows:  

13  

Table of Contents  

  Reclassifications out of accumulated OCI are as follows:  

(a)    
   These accumulated OCI components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note I for additional details).    
  Note K   Stock-based Compensation     During the first
nine months of 2016, VF granted stock options to employees and nonemployee members of VF s Board of Directors to purchase 3,132,609 shares of its Common Stock at a weighted exercise price of $61.31 per share. The exercise price of each option
granted was equal to the fair market value of VF Common Stock on the date of grant. Employee stock options vest in equal annual installments over three years. Stock options granted to nonemployee members of VF s Board of Directors become
exercisable one year from the date of grant. The grant date fair value of each option award is calculated using a lattice option-pricing valuation model, which incorporates a range of assumptions for inputs as follows:  
   
   Also, during the first nine months of 2016, VF granted 605,658 performance-based restricted stock units ( RSU ) to
employees that enable them to receive shares of VF Common Stock at the end of a three-year period. Each performance-based RSU has a potential final payout ranging from zero to two shares of VF Common Stock. The number of shares earned by
participants, if any, is based on achievement of a three-year baseline profitability goal and annually established performance goals set by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Shares are issued to participants in the year following
the conclusion of each three-year performance period. The weighted average fair market value of VF Common Stock at the date the units were granted was $61.31 per share.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  The actual number of performance-based RSUs earned may also be adjusted upward or downward by 25% of the target
award, based on how VF s total shareholder return ( TSR ) over the three-year period compares to the TSR for companies included in the Standard   Poor s 500 Index. The grant date fair value of the TSR-based adjustment
related to the 2016 performance-based RSU grants was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation technique that incorporates option-pricing model inputs, and was $4.48 per share.  
 VF granted 13,013 nonperformance-based RSUs to nonemployee members of the Board of Directors during the first quarter of 2016. These units vest upon grant and
will be settled in shares of VF Common Stock one year from the date of grant. The fair market value of VF Common Stock at the date the units were granted was $61.29 per share.  
 VF granted 69,100 nonperformance-based RSUs to certain key employees in international jurisdictions during the first nine months of 2016. These units vest
four years from the date of grant and each unit entitles the holder to one share of VF Common Stock. The weighted average fair market value of VF Common Stock at the date the units were granted was $61.93.  
 VF granted 128,737 restricted shares of VF Common Stock to certain members of management during the first nine months of 2016. These shares vest over periods
of up to five years from the date of grant. The weighted average fair market value of VF Common Stock at the date the shares were granted was $61.66 per share.  
  Note L   Income Taxes     The effective income tax rate
for the first nine months of 2016 was 18.7% compared to 23.6% in the first nine months of 2015. The first nine months of 2016 included a net discrete tax benefit of $40.6 million, which included a $26.5 million tax benefit related to the early
adoption of the accounting standards update on stock compensation (see Note Q), $15.6 million of net tax benefits related to the realization of previously unrecognized tax benefits and interest, and $4.1 million of discrete tax expense related to
the effects of tax rate changes. The $40.6 million net discrete tax benefit in 2016 reduced the effective income tax rate by 3.6%. The first nine months of 2015 included a net discrete tax benefit of $29.0 million, which included $33.7 million
of tax benefits related to the settlement of tax audits and $5.0 million of discrete tax expense related to the effects of tax rate changes. The $29.0 million net discrete tax benefit in 2015 reduced the effective income tax rate by 2.4%. Without
discrete items, the effective income tax rate for the first nine months of 2016 decreased by 3.7% compared to the 2015 period primarily due to a higher percentage of income in lower tax rate jurisdictions and the impact of tax law changes in the
U.S.    VF files a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return, as well as separate and combined income tax returns in numerous state and international
jurisdictions. In the U.S., the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) examinations for tax years through 2011 have been effectively settled. The examination of Timberland s 2011 tax return is ongoing. The IRS has proposed material
adjustments to Timberland s 2011 tax return that would significantly impact the timing of cash tax payments and assessment of interest charges. The Company has formally disagreed with the proposed adjustments and, during 2015, VF filed a
petition to the U.S. Tax Court to begin the process of resolving this matter. In addition, VF is currently subject to examination by various state and international tax authorities. Management regularly assesses the potential outcomes of both
ongoing and future examinations for the current and prior years, and has concluded that VF s provision for income taxes is adequate. The outcome of any one examination is not expected to have a material impact on VF s consolidated
financial statements. Management believes that some of these audits and negotiations will conclude during the next 12 months.    In February 2015, the
European Union Commission ( EU ) opened a state aid investigation into rulings granted to companies under Belgium s excess profit tax regime. On January 11, 2016, the EU announced its decision that these rulings granted by the
Belgian government were illegal and ordered that tax benefits granted under these rulings should be collected from the affected companies, including VF. In March 2016, the Belgian government filed an appeal seeking annulment of the EU state aid
decision. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company filed a separate appeal to the EU seeking annulment of the state aid decision.    During the second
quarter of 2016, the Company received an assessment from the Belgian government regarding the amount of tax and interest due as a result of the excess profits ruling. The Company has not paid the assessed tax and interest as of the third quarter of
2016. The Company has evaluated all available information, including the technical merits of the excess profits ruling, and has concluded the amount of benefit previously recognized by the Company is the amount more likely than not to be sustained.
As such, the Company has not made any additional accruals regarding the EU state aid decision. The Company does not expect the outcome of the appeals to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements in future periods.  
 During the first nine months of 2016, the amount of net unrecognized tax benefits and associated interest increased by $96.4 million to $169.5 million.
Management believes that it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized income tax benefits and interest may decrease during the next 12 months by approximately $18.8 million related to the completion of examinations and other settlements
with tax authorities and the expiration of statutes of limitations, of which $16.6 million would reduce income tax expense.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

   Note M   Business Segment Information   
 VF s businesses are grouped into product categories, and by brands within those product categories, for internal financial reporting used by management.
These groupings of businesses within VF are referred to as  coalitions  and are the basis for VF s reportable segments. Financial information for VF s reportable segments is as follows:  

(a)    
   Includes a $16.6 million gain recognized on the sale of a  VF Outlet     location in the first quarter of
2015.    

(b)    
   Certain corporate overhead costs and interest expense previously allocated to the Contemporary Brands coalition for segment reporting purposes have been reallocated
to continuing operations as discussed in Note B.       Note N   Earnings Per Share   
   
   Outstanding options to purchase 5.2 million and 5.3 million shares of Common Stock were excluded from the calculations of
diluted earnings per share for the three and nine-month periods ended September 2016, respectively, and options to purchase 2.4 million shares were excluded from the calculations of diluted earnings per share for both the three and nine-month
periods ended September 2015, because the effect of their inclusion would have been antidilutive to those periods. In addition, 1.0 million shares of performance-based RSUs were excluded from the calculations of diluted earnings per share for all
periods presented because these units were not considered to be contingent outstanding shares in those periods.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

   Note O   Fair Value Measurements   
 Financial assets and financial liabilities measured and reported at fair value are classified in a three-level hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used in
the valuation process. A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The hierarchy is based on the observability and
objectivity of the pricing inputs, as follows:      

Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.        

Level 2   Significant directly observable data (other than Level 1 quoted prices) or significant indirectly observable data through corroboration with observable market data. Inputs would normally be
(i) quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, (ii) quoted prices in inactive markets for identical or similar assets or liabilities, or (iii) information derived from or corroborated by observable market data.

Level 3   Prices or valuation techniques that require significant unobservable data inputs. Inputs would normally be VF s own data and judgments about assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability.      The following table summarizes financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured and recorded in the
consolidated financial statements at fair value on a recurring basis:      

(a)    
   There were no transfers among the levels within the fair value hierarchy during the first nine months of 2016 or the year ended December 2015.    
 VF s cash equivalents include money market funds and short-term time deposits that approximate fair value based on Level 1 measurements. The fair value
of derivative financial instruments, which consist of forward foreign currency exchange contracts, is determined based on observable market inputs (Level 2), including spot and forward exchange rates for foreign currencies, and considers the credit
risk of the Company and its counterparties. Investment securities are held in VF s deferred compensation plans as an economic hedge of the related deferred compensation liabilities. These investments are classified as trading securities and
primarily include mutual funds (Level 1) that are valued based on quoted prices in active markets and a separately managed fixed-income fund (Level 2) with underlying investments that are valued based on quoted prices for similar assets in
active markets or quoted prices in inactive markets for identical assets. Liabilities related to VF s deferred compensation plans are recorded at amounts due to participants, based on the fair value of the participants  selection of
hypothetical investments.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  Prior to the second quarter of 2015, other marketable securities consisted of common stock investments classified
as available-for-sale, the fair value of which was based on quoted prices in active markets. During the second quarter of 2015, VF sold all of its available-for-sale securities for $5.9 million in cash proceeds and recognized a gain of $1.5 million,
which is included in other income (expense), net, in the 2015 Consolidated Statement of Income.    All other financial assets and financial liabilities are
recorded in the consolidated financial statements at cost, except life insurance contracts which are recorded at cash surrender value. These other financial assets and financial liabilities include cash held as demand deposits, accounts receivable,
short-term borrowings, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. At September 2016 and December 2015, their carrying values approximated their fair values. Additionally, at September 2016 and December 2015, the carrying values of VF s long-term
debt, including the current portion, were $2,350.8 million and $1,405.2 million, respectively, compared with fair values of $2,647.0 million and $1,582.5 million at those respective dates. Fair value for long-term debt is a Level 2 estimate based on
quoted market prices or values of comparable borrowings.     Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements   
 During the third quarter of 2016, management determined that the continued revenue and profitability decline in the  Nautica     brand, combined with a downward revision to the forecast for the remainder of the year, was a triggering event that required an interim impairment analysis of the goodwill and trademark
intangible assets. The  Nautica     brand is part of the Sportswear coalition and represents primarily all of the coalition s goodwill value. Based on the quantitative impairment
analysis performed, VF determined the goodwill and trademark intangible assets of  Nautica     were not impaired. For goodwill, the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded the
carrying value by 45%. The fair value of the trademark intangible asset exceeded its carrying value by a significant amount.    The impairment testing of
goodwill and trademark intangible assets utilized significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) to determine fair value.    The fair value of the  Nautica     reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing was determined using a combination of two valuation methods: an income approach and a market approach. The income approach was based on
projected future (debt-free) cash flows that were discounted to present value. The discount rate was based on the reporting unit s calculated weighted average cost of capital ( WACC ), which takes into consideration the
characteristics of relevant peer companies, market observable data, and company-specific risk factors. For the market approach, management used both the guideline company and similar transaction methods. The guideline company method analyzed market
multiples of revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) for a group of comparable public companies. The market multiples used in the valuation were based on the relative strengths and weaknesses
of the reporting unit compared to the selected guideline companies. Under the similar transactions method, valuation multiples were calculated utilizing actual transaction prices and revenue/EBITDA data from target companies deemed similar to the
reporting unit.    VF used the income-based relief-from-royalty method to value the
 Nautica     trademark intangible asset. In applying this method, revenues expected to be generated by the trademark were multiplied by a selected royalty rate. The royalty rate was
selected based on consideration of i) royalty rates included in active license agreements, if applicable, ii) royalty rates received by market participants in the apparel industry, and iii) the current performance of the reporting unit. The
estimated after-tax royalty revenue stream was then discounted to present value using the reporting unit s WACC plus a spread that factors in the risk of the intangible asset.  
 Management s revenue and profitability forecasts used in the  Nautica     reporting
unit and intangible asset valuations considered recent performance and trends, strategic initiatives and negative industry trends. Assumptions used in the valuations were similar to those that would be used by market participants performing
independent valuations of these businesses.    Key assumptions developed by VF management and used in the quantitative analysis include:  

Long-term growth in revenues primarily due to expanded distribution channels, including conversion of licensing arrangements in key international markets.    

A gradual return to historical profitability rates over the remaining forecast period.        

Royalty rates based on active license agreements of the brand.        

Market-based discount rates.    
      18  

Table of Contents  

  Management performed sensitivity analyses on the goodwill impairment model and determined that neither a 100
basis point decrease in the compounded annual growth rate for EBITDA nor a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate caused the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to decline below its carrying value.  
 It is possible VF s conclusions regarding impairment of the  Nautica     reporting unit
goodwill or intangible assets could change in future periods. There can be no assurance the estimates and assumptions used in our goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing performed in the third quarter of 2016 will prove to be accurate
predictions of the future. For example, variations in our assumptions related to discount rates, comparable company market approach inputs, business performance and execution of planned growth strategies could impact future conclusions. A future
impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material effect on VF s consolidated financial position and results of operations.  
  Note P   Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities   
  Summary of Derivative Financial Instruments     All of
VF s outstanding derivative financial instruments are forward foreign currency exchange contracts. Although derivatives meet the criteria for hedge accounting at the inception of the hedging relationship, a limited number of derivative
contracts intended to hedge assets and liabilities are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. The notional amounts of outstanding derivative contracts were $2.2 billion at September 2016, $2.4 billion at December 2015 and $2.4 billion at
September 2015, consisting primarily of contracts hedging exposures to the euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, Swiss franc, Mexican peso, Swedish krona, Japanese yen and Polish zloty. Derivative contracts have maturities up to 24 months.  
 The following table presents outstanding derivatives on an individual contract basis:  
   
   VF records and presents the fair values of all of its derivative assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets on
a gross basis, even though they are subject to master netting agreements. However, if VF were to offset and record the asset and liability balances of its forward foreign currency exchange contracts on a net basis in accordance with the terms of its
master netting agreements, the amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets would be adjusted from the current gross presentation to the net amounts as detailed in the following table:  
   
   Derivatives are classified as current or noncurrent based on maturity dates, as follows:  

19  

Table of Contents  

   Cash Flow Hedges   
 VF uses derivative contracts primarily to hedge a portion of the exchange risk for its forecasted sales, purchases, production costs, operating costs and
intercompany royalties. The effects of cash flow hedging included in VF s Consolidated Statements of Income and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income are summarized as follows:  
   
    Derivative Contracts Not Designated as Hedges   
 VF uses derivative contracts to manage foreign currency exchange risk on third-party accounts receivable and payable, as well as intercompany borrowings. These
contracts are not designated as hedges, and are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the fair values of these instruments are recognized directly in earnings. Gains or losses on these contracts largely offset the net
transaction gains or losses on the related assets and liabilities. Following is a summary of these derivatives included in VF s Consolidated Statements of Income:      
    Other Derivative Information   
 There were no significant amounts recognized in earnings for the ineffective portion of any hedging relationships during the three and nine-month periods ended
September 2016 and September 2015.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

  At September 2016, accumulated OCI included $42.8 million of pre-tax net deferred gains for foreign currency
exchange contracts that are expected to be reclassified to earnings during the next 12 months. The amounts ultimately reclassified to earnings will depend on exchange rates in effect when outstanding derivative contracts are settled.  
 VF entered into interest rate swap derivative contracts in 2011 and 2003 to hedge the interest rate risk for issuance of long-term debt due in 2021 and 2033,
respectively. In each case, the contracts were terminated concurrent with the issuance of the debt, and the realized gain or loss was deferred in accumulated OCI. The remaining pre-tax net deferred loss in accumulated OCI was $23.8 million at
September 2016, which will be reclassified into interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income over the remaining terms of the associated debt instruments. VF reclassified $1.1 million and $3.4 million of net deferred losses from
accumulated OCI into interest expense for the three and nine-month periods ended September 2016, respectively, and $1.1 million and $3.2 million for the three and nine-month periods ended September 2015, respectively. VF expects to reclassify $4.7
million to interest expense during the next 12 months.     Net Investment Hedge   
 The Company has designated its  850 million of euro-denominated bonds as a net investment hedge of VF s investment in certain foreign operations.
Because this debt qualified as a nonderivative hedging instrument, foreign currency transaction gains or losses of the debt are recorded in the cumulative translation adjustment component of accumulated OCI as an offset to the foreign currency
translation adjustments on the hedged investments. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company recognized $1.7 million of gains in accumulated OCI related to the net investment hedge transaction. The amount will remain in OCI until the hedged
investment is sold or substantially liquidated. The Company recorded no ineffectiveness from its net investment hedge in the third quarter of 2016.  
  Note Q   Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting Standards   
  Recently Adopted Accounting Standards     In June 2014, the
FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance related to stock-based compensation. The guidance requires that a performance target that affects vesting, and that could be achieved after the requisite service period, be treated as a performance
condition. This guidance became effective in the first quarter of 2016, but did not impact VF s consolidated financial statements.    In February 2015,
the FASB issued an update to their existing consolidation model that changes the analysis a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. This guidance became effective in the first quarter
of 2016, but did not impact VF s consolidated financial statements.    In April 2015, the FASB issued new guidance related to a customer s
accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. The guidance provides clarification on whether a cloud computing arrangement should be treated as a software license or a service contract. This guidance became effective in the first
quarter of 2016, but did not impact VF s consolidated financial statements.    In April 2015, the FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance
related to debt issuance costs. The guidance requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with the
presentation of debt discounts. The Company early adopted this guidance as of December 2015 on a retrospective basis. The impact of adopting this guidance on VF s September 2015 Consolidated Balance Sheet is presented in the table below.  
 In May 2015, the FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance related to fair value measurements. The guidance removes the requirement to categorize
within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient, and requires separate disclosure instead. The Company early adopted this guidance as of December 2015 on a
retrospective basis. The new guidance did not impact disclosures related to VF s investments, but did impact disclosures related to the Company s defined benefit pension plan assets as of December 2015.  
 In September 2015, the FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance related to business combinations that simplifies the accounting for
measurement-period adjustments. The guidance requires an acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined, thus
eliminating the requirement to restate prior period financial statements for measurement-period adjustments. This guidance became effective in the first quarter of 2016, but did not impact VF s consolidated financial statements.  
 In November 2015, the FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance on income taxes that eliminates the requirement for companies to present deferred
income tax assets and liabilities as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, companies are required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The Company early adopted this guidance as of December 2015
on a retrospective basis. The impact of adopting this guidance on VF s September 2015 Consolidated Balance Sheet is presented in the table below.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  The impact of adopting the new accounting guidance on classification of debt issuance costs and deferred income
taxes on VF s September 2015 Consolidated Balance Sheet is as follows:      

(a)  
   Excludes assets and liabilities previously reported in the Contemporary Brands coalition.    
 In March 2016, the FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance on stock compensation that intends to simplify and improve the accounting and statement
of cash flow presentation for income taxes at settlement, forfeitures, and net settlements for withholding tax. The new standard is effective in the first quarter of 2017 with early adoption permitted. The Company early adopted this guidance as of
the beginning of the first quarter of 2016. Accordingly, VF recognized $8.9 million and $26.5 million of excess tax benefits in our provision for income taxes, rather than paid-in capital, for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016,
respectively. Also starting in the first quarter of 2016, the Company changed its earnings per share calculation to exclude excess tax benefits previously assumed under the treasury stock method, which had a minimal impact on diluted
shares. The Company has elected to continue its existing practice of estimating expected forfeitures in determining compensation cost. VF did not have any awards that were subject to the amendment regarding employee shares eligible for tax
withholding, and no changes were required related to the classification of employee taxes paid for withheld shares in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows since VF has historically classified these within financing cash flows.  
 The Company began to present excess tax benefits as an operating cash flow in the first quarter of 2016 as required by the updated guidance, and elected to
retrospectively adjust its first nine months of 2015 operating and financing cash flows, as follows:      
    Recently Issued Accounting Standards   
 In May 2014, the FASB issued a new accounting standard on revenue recognition that outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for
revenue arising from contracts with customers. Additional updates have been issued. This guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2018 with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact that adopting this guidance will
have on VF s consolidated financial statements.    In July 2015, the FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance related to inventory that
changes the measurement principle from lower of cost or market to lower of cost or net realizable value. This guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2017 with early adoption permitted, but will not impact VF s consolidated financial
statements.    In January 2016, the FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance related to the recognition and measurement of certain financial
instruments. The guidance affects the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. This guidance will be effective in the first
quarter of 2018 with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this accounting guidance to have a significant impact on VF s consolidated financial statements.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

  In February 2016, the FASB issued a new accounting standard on leasing. The new standard will require companies
to record most leased assets and liabilities on their balance sheet, and also proposes a dual model for recognizing expense. This guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2019 with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the
impact that adopting this guidance will have on VF s consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued an update to their accounting
guidance on extinguishments of financial liabilities that exempts prepaid stored-value products, or gift cards, from the existing guidance. The updated guidance requires that gift card liabilities be subject to breakage accounting, consistent with
the new revenue recognition standard discussed above. This guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2018 with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this accounting guidance to have a significant impact on
VF s consolidated financial statements.   In March 2016, the FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance on equity method accounting. The
guidance eliminates the requirement to retroactively apply the equity method when an entity obtains significant influence over a previously held investment. This guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2017 with early adoption permitted.
The Company does not expect the adoption of this accounting guidance to have a significant impact on VF s consolidated financial statements.    In
March 2016, the FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance on derivative financial instruments when there is a change in the counterparty to a derivative contract, or novation. The new guidance clarifies that the novation of a derivative
contract that has been designated as a hedging instrument does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship, provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. This guidance will be effective in the
first quarter of 2017 with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact that adopting this guidance will have on VF s consolidated financial statements.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance on derivative financial instruments that clarifies the steps required to determine
bifurcation of an embedded derivative. This guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2017 with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this accounting guidance to have a significant impact on VF s
consolidated financial statements.    In June 2016, the FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance on the measurement of credit losses on financial
instruments, which amends the impairment model by requiring entities to use a forward-looking approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments, including trade receivables. This guidance will
be effective in the first quarter of 2020 with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact that adopting this guidance will have on VF s consolidated financial statements.  
 In August 2016, the FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance addressing how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in
the statement of cash flows. This guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2018 with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on VF s consolidated financial
statements.    In October 2016, the FASB issued an update to their accounting guidance on the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for
intra-entity asset transfers. This guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2018 with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact that adopting this guidance will have on VF s consolidated financial statements.  
  Note R   Subsequent Events     On October 20, 2016,
VF s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.42 per share, payable on December 19, 2016 to stockholders of record on December 9, 2016.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations      All per share amounts are presented on a diluted basis and all percentages shown in the tables below and the
following discussion have been calculated using unrounded numbers. All references to foreign currency amounts below reflect the changes in foreign exchange rates from the 2015 comparable periods and their impact on both translating foreign
currencies into U.S. dollars and on transactions denominated in a foreign currency.    On August 26, 2016, VF completed the sale of its Contemporary Brands
coalition, which included the  7 For All Mankind     , Splendid     and  Ella Moss     brands. Accordingly, the Company removed the related assets and liabilities from the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of that date and included the results of those businesses in discontinued
operations for all periods presented. See Note B to VF s consolidated financial statements for additional information on discontinued operations.  
 Unless otherwise noted, amounts and percentages for all periods discussed below reflect the results of operations and financial condition from VF s
continuing operations.     Highlights of the Third Quarter of 2016       

Outdoor   Action Sports coalition revenues increased 2% to $2.3 billion compared to the third quarter of 2015.        

Direct-to-consumer revenues were up 6% over the 2015 quarter and accounted for 23% of total revenues in the quarter.        

International revenues increased 5% compared to the 2015 quarter, including a 1% negative impact from foreign currency, and represented 41% of total revenues in the quarter.    

Gross margin increased 70 basis points in the third quarter to 48.4%, including 60 basis points of negative impact from changes in foreign currency.    

Earnings per share increased 13% to $1.20 from $1.06 in the 2015 quarter, including a negative 3% impact from foreign currency. The third quarter of 2016 benefited from a lower tax rate due to a higher mix of
international profits and about $0.06 per share due to net tax discrete items relative to 2015.       Analysis of Results of Operations
     Consolidated Statements of Income     The following
table presents a summary of the changes in total revenues from the comparable periods in 2015:      
   VF reported a 1% decline in revenues for the third quarter while revenues were flat for the first nine months of 2016,
compared to the 2015 periods. The revenue results for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 were driven by strength in the Outdoor   Action Sports coalition and our direct-to-consumer and international businesses, offset by
negative impacts from foreign currency and operational declines in the Imagewear and Sportswear coalitions. Additionally, from an operational perspective, the Jeanswear coalition declined in the third quarter but grew in the first nine months of
2016, compared to 2015. Excluding the negative impact from foreign currency, international sales grew in every region around the world in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2016. Refer to the section titled  Information by Business
Segment  for additional details on revenues by coalition.    VF s most significant foreign currency exposure relates to business conducted in
euro-based countries. Additionally, VF conducts business in other developed and emerging markets around the world with exposure to foreign currencies other than the euro. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates minimally impacted the revenue
decline in the third quarter of 2016 and had a negative 1% impact on growth in the first nine months of 2016, compared to the 2015 periods.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the percentage relationships to total revenues for components of the Consolidated
Statements of Income:      
   Gross margin was up 70 basis points in the third quarter of 2016 and was flat at 48.2% for the first nine months of 2016,
compared to the 2015 periods. Foreign currency negatively impacted gross margin by approximately 60 and 70 basis points in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively. Excluding this impact, gross margin improved in the third
quarter and first nine months of 2016, primarily due to pricing, lower product costs and business mix, partially offset by proactive efforts to manage inventory levels.  
 Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues increased 60 and 80 basis points during the third quarter and first nine months
of 2016, respectively, compared to the 2015 periods. The increases in both periods were primarily due to increased investments in our key growth priorities, which include direct-to-consumer and product innovation. In addition, selling, general and
administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015 was negatively impacted by a $16.6 million gain recognized on the sale of a  VF Outlet     location in the first quarter of 2015.    Net interest expense increased $1.9 million and $2.8 million
in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to the 2015 periods, primarily due to higher interest rates on short-term borrowings, partially offset by increased levels of capitalized interest. Total outstanding debt
averaged $2.6 billion in the first nine months of 2016 and $2.4 billion for the same period in 2015, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.6% in the first nine months of both 2016 and 2015.  
 The effective income tax rate for the first nine months of 2016 was 18.7% compared to 23.6% in the first nine months of 2015. The first nine months of 2016
included a net discrete tax benefit of $40.6 million, which included a $26.5 million tax benefit related to the early adoption of the accounting standards update on stock compensation (see Note Q to the consolidated financial statements), $15.6
million of net tax benefits related to the realization of previously unrecognized tax benefits and interest, and $4.1 million of discrete tax expense related to the effects of tax rate changes. The $40.6 million net discrete tax benefit in 2016
reduced the effective income tax rate by 3.6%. The first nine months of 2015 included a net discrete tax benefit of $29.0 million, which included $33.7 million of tax benefits related to the settlement of tax audits and $5.0 million of discrete
tax expense related to the effect of tax rate changes. The $29.0 million net discrete tax benefit in 2015 reduced the effective income tax rate by 2.4%. Without discrete items, the effective income tax rate for the first nine months of 2016
decreased by 3.7% compared to the 2015 period primarily due to a higher percentage of income in lower tax rate jurisdictions and the impact of tax law changes in the U.S.  
 As a result of the above, net income in the third quarter of 2016 was $503.0 million ($1.20 per share) compared to $457.6 million ($1.06 per share) in the
2015 period, and net income in the first nine months of 2016 was $908.2 million ($2.14 per share) compared to $908.6 million ($2.10 per share) in the first nine months of 2015. Refer to additional discussion in the  Information by Business
Segment  section below.     Information by Business Segment   
 VF s businesses are grouped into product categories, and by brands within those product categories, for management and internal financial reporting
purposes. These groupings of businesses within VF are referred to as  coalitions.  These coalitions are the basis for VF s reportable business segments.  
 See Note M to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of results of operations by coalition, along with a reconciliation of coalition profit to
income before income taxes.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables present a summary of the changes in coalition revenues and profit for the third quarter and
first nine months of 2016 from the comparable periods in 2015:     Coalition revenues   
   
    Coalition profit       
 
      26  

Table of Contents  

  The following section discusses the changes in revenues and profitability by coalition:  
  Outdoor   Action Sports       
   Global revenues for Outdoor   Action Sports increased 2% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 2015 due to
operational growth. Revenues in the Americas region declined 1% in the third quarter of 2016. Revenues in the Asia-Pacific region increased 3% despite a 1% negative impact from foreign currency. European revenues increased 7% in the third quarter of
2016, benefitting from a 1% favorable impact from foreign currency.    Global revenues for Outdoor   Action Sports increased 2% in the first nine
months of 2016 compared to 2015, reflecting operational growth. Revenues in the Americas were flat in the first nine months of 2016, reflecting a negative 1% impact from foreign currency. Revenues in the Asia-Pacific region increased 3% despite
a 2% negative impact from foreign currency. European revenues increased 4% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the 2015 period, benefitting from a positive 1% impact from foreign currency.  
 Global revenues for  The North Face     brand decreased 1% in the third quarter of 2016 due to a
negative 1% impact from foreign currency, and increased 2% in the first nine months of 2016, compared to the 2015 periods. The results for both periods were driven by strong growth in the direct-to-consumer channel and by declines in the wholesale
channel.  Vans     brand global revenues were up 7% and 4% in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively. Negative impacts from foreign currency reduced  Vans     brand global revenues by 1% in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2016. Both periods reflected growth in the direct-to-consumer channel. Wholesale revenues were flat for the third
quarter and down for the first nine months of 2016. Global revenues for the  Timberland     brand were flat in the third quarter of 2016, including a negative 1% impact from foreign
currency, due to increases in the wholesale channel, partially offset by declines in the direct-to-consumer channel. For the first nine months of 2016,  Timberland       revenues decreased 1% due to declines in the wholesale channel.    Global direct-to-consumer revenues for
Outdoor   Action Sports grew 11% in the third quarter and 12% in first nine months of 2016 compared to the 2015 periods, driven by new store openings and an expanding e-commerce business. Wholesale revenues were down 1%, caused by a
negative 1% impact from foreign currency in the third quarter, and down 2% in the first nine months of 2016. The decrease in the first nine months of 2016 was due to elevated inventory levels at customers in our key channels of distribution in North
America and Europe, which particularly impacted our  Timberland     and  Vans     brands. Additionally, customer bankruptcies
have negatively impacted the wholesale performance of  The North Face       and  Timberland     brands during 2016.    Operating margin declined 20 and 110 basis points in the third quarter and
first nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to the 2015 periods, primarily due to negative impacts from foreign currency and increased investments in direct-to-consumer, product development and innovation.  
  Jeanswear       
   Global Jeanswear revenues decreased 6% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 2015, reflecting a 4% reduction in operational
results, further reduced by a negative 2% impact from foreign currency. Revenues in the Americas region decreased 8% in the third  
      27  

Table of Contents  

quarter of 2016, including a 1% negative impact from foreign currency. The Asia-Pacific region s revenues decreased 4%, driven by a negative 4% impact from foreign currency. European
revenues increased 4% in the third quarter of 2016.    Global Jeanswear revenues decreased 1% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to 2015, reflecting
1% operational growth offset by a negative 2% impact from foreign currency. Revenues in the Americas region decreased 1% in the first nine months of 2016, including a 2% negative impact from foreign currency. The Asia-Pacific region s revenues
decreased 3%, as 2% operational growth was offset by a negative 5% impact from foreign currency. European revenues increased 3% in the first nine months of 2016, reflecting a negative 2% impact from foreign currency.  
 Global revenues for the  Wrangler     brand decreased 6% in the third quarter and 1% in the first
nine months of 2016, compared to the 2015 periods. From an operational perspective, third quarter revenues were lower due to a shift in the timing of order deliveries and declines in the Western Specialty business. Foreign currency negatively
impacted revenues in both periods by 2%. Global revenues for the  Lee     brand decreased 6% in the third quarter due to a shift in the timing of order deliveries, and were flat for the
first nine months of 2016. Foreign currency negatively impacted  Lee     brand revenue by 2% and 3% in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to the 2015
periods.    Operating margin decreased 90 and 20 basis points in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to the 2015
periods. Lower volume contributed to the operating margin decline for the third quarter of 2016. Also, increased investments in product development and innovation contributed to the operating margin decline in both periods.  
  Imagewear       
   Imagewear revenues decreased 3% in the third quarter and 2% in the first nine months of 2016, compared to the 2015 periods.
The Image business (occupational apparel and uniforms) revenues decreased 8% in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, primarily due to continued weakness in the industrial manufacturing and energy sectors, which negatively impacted
sales of the  Bulwark     and  Red   Kap     brands in both periods. Revenues for the Licensed Sports Group
( LSG ) business (licensed athletic apparel) increased 1% and 4% in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to the 2015 periods, primarily due to strong Major League Baseball sales.  
 Operating margin increased 230 and 110 basis points in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to the 2015 periods. The
increases in both periods were driven by lower product costs and improved gross margin in our LSG business primarily due to favorable product mix and pricing.  
  Sportswear       
   Sportswear revenues decreased 13% and 15% in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to the
2015 periods.  Nautica     brand revenues decreased 15% and 16% in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, due to continued challenges in the U.S. department store
channel, reduced in-store traffic and management s decision to close underperforming stores. In addition, management made a strategic decision to transition the women s sleepwear and men s underwear businesses to a licensed model,
which negatively impacted  Nautica     brand revenues by 8% and 5% in the third quarter and first nine  
      28  

Table of Contents  

months of 2016, respectively.  Kipling     brand revenues in North America decreased 6% in the third quarter due to declines in the
wholesale channel, and revenues decreased 10% in the first nine months of 2016 due to declines in both the wholesale and direct-to-consumer channels.  
 Operating margin decreased 360 and 450 basis points in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to the 2015 periods. The
decreases in both periods were primarily due to increased promotional activity and reduced expense leverage on a lower revenue base.    During the third
quarter of 2016, management determined that the continued revenue and profitability decline in the  Nautica     brand, combined with a downward revision to the forecast for the
remainder of the year, was a triggering event that required us to perform an interim impairment analysis of the goodwill and trademark intangible assets. Based on the quantitative impairment analysis performed, VF determined the goodwill and
trademark intangible assets of  Nautica     were not impaired. For goodwill, the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded the carrying value by 45%. The fair value of the trademark
intangible asset exceeded its carrying value by a significant amount. See Note O to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the analysis performed.  
  Other       
    VF Outlet     stores in the U.S. sell both VF and non-VF
products. Revenues and profits of VF products sold in these stores are reported as part of the operating results of the applicable coalition, while revenues and profits of non-VF products are reported in this  other  category. The decrease
in profit and operating margin in the first nine months of 2016 was primarily due to a $16.6 million gain recognized on the sale of a  VF Outlet     location during the first quarter of
2015.     Reconciliation of Coalition Profit to Income Before Income Taxes   
 There are two types of costs necessary to reconcile total coalition profit, as discussed in the preceding paragraphs, to consolidated income before income
taxes. These costs are (i) corporate and other expenses, discussed below, and (ii) interest expense, net, which was discussed in the  Consolidated Statements of Income  section.  
   
   Corporate and other expenses are those that have not been allocated to the coalitions for internal management reporting,
including (i) information systems and shared service costs, (ii) corporate headquarter costs and (iii) certain other income and expenses. The decreases in corporate and other expenses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016
compared to the 2015 periods resulted primarily from lower compensation expense. Certain corporate overhead costs and interest expense previously allocated to the Contemporary Brands coalition for segment reporting purposes have been reallocated to
continuing operations as discussed in Note B to the consolidated financial statements.     International Operations   
 International revenues increased 5% and 4% in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, compared to the 2015 periods. Foreign currency
negatively impacted international revenue growth by 1% and 2% in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively. Revenues in Europe increased 7% and 4% in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively. Foreign currency
positively impacted revenue growth in Europe by 1% in the third quarter of 2016 and minimally impacted revenue growth in the first nine months of 2016. In the Asia-Pacific region, revenues increased 2% and 3% in the third quarter and first nine
 
      29  

Table of Contents  

months of 2016, respectively. Foreign currency negatively impacted revenue growth in the Asia-Pacific region by 2% in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2016. Revenue growth in the
Americas (non-U.S.) region increased 3% in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2016. Sales in both periods were tempered by weakening currencies in the region relative to the U.S. dollar, which negatively impacted revenue growth by 6% in
the third quarter and 10% in the first nine months of 2016. International revenues were 41% and 38% of total revenues in the third quarter of 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 39% and 38% of total revenues in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015,
respectively.     Direct-to-consumer Operations   
 Direct-to-consumer revenues grew 6% in the third quarter and 7% in the first nine months of 2016, as both periods reflected growth in all regions and in nearly
every brand with a retail format. The increases in direct-to-consumer revenues in both periods were due to strength in the Outdoor   Action Sports coalition, new store openings and an expanding e-commerce business, partially offset by declines
in the Sportswear coalition. There were 1,475 VF-owned retail stores at the end of September 2016 compared to 1,363 at the end of September 2015. Direct-to-consumer revenues were 23% and 21% of total revenues in the third quarter of 2016 and 2015,
respectively, and 25% and 23% of total revenues in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively.     Analysis of Financial Condition   
  Consolidated Balance Sheets     The following discussion
refers to significant changes in balances at September 2016 compared to December 2015:      

Increase in accounts receivable    due to the seasonality of the business.        

Increase in inventories    due to the seasonality of the business.        

Increase in other assets    primarily due to a deferred taxable gain related to an intercompany transaction.        

Increase in short-term borrowings    due to commercial paper borrowings needed to support general corporate purposes and share repurchases.    

Decrease in accounts payable    driven by timing of inventory purchases and payments to vendors.        

Increase in accrued liabilities    primarily due to higher accrued taxes.        

Increase in long-term debt    issuance of  850.0 million of euro-denominated debt in the third quarter of 2016, of which $947.1 million is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 2016,
net of unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance costs.        

Increase in other liabilities    primarily due to higher deferred and accrued income taxes.      The
following discussion refers to significant changes in balances at September 2016 compared to September 2015:      

Increase in other assets    primarily due to a deferred taxable gain related to an intercompany transaction.        

Decrease in short-term borrowings    due to repayment of commercial paper using proceeds from the euro-denominated debt issued during the third quarter of 2016.   

Increase in long-term debt    issuance of  850.0 million of euro-denominated debt in the third quarter of 2016, of which $947.1 million is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 2016,
net of unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance costs.        

Increase in other liabilities    primarily due to higher deferred and accrued income taxes.    
      30  

Table of Contents  

   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 The financial condition of VF is reflected in the following:      
   For the ratio of debt-to-total capital, debt is defined as short-term and long-term borrowings, and total capital is defined
as debt plus stockholders  equity. The increase in the debt-to-total capital ratio at September 2016 compared to both December 2015 and September 2015 was due to the issuance of long-term debt as explained above, reductions in
stockholders  equity due to dividends, purchases of treasury stock and the loss on discontinued operations recorded in the first nine months of 2016. In addition, the increase in the debt-to-total capital ratio at September 2016 compared to
December 2015 was impacted by the increase in short-term borrowings as explained above, and the increase at September 2016 compared to September 2015 was impacted by the intangible asset impairment charges recorded during the fourth quarter of 2015.
   VF s primary source of liquidity is the strong annual cash flow from operating activities. Cash from operations is typically lower in the first half
of the year as inventory builds to support peak sales periods in the second half of the year. Cash provided by operating activities in the second half of the year is substantially higher as inventories are sold and accounts receivable are collected.
Additionally, direct-to-consumer sales are highest in the fourth quarter of the year.    In summary, our cash flows were as follows:  
   
    Cash Provided (Used) by Operating Activities   
 Cash flow from operating activities is dependent on net income and changes in working capital. The increase in cash flows in the first nine months of 2016 is
primarily due to a $250 million discretionary contribution to the domestic qualified pension plan in the first quarter of 2015 that did not recur in 2016, and favorable changes in working capital for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the
first nine months of 2015.     Cash Used by Investing Activities   
 VF s investing activities in the first nine months of 2016 related primarily to capital expenditures of $129.9 million, software purchases of $31.8
million and $116.0 million of proceeds from the sale of the Contemporary Brands coalition. Capital expenditures decreased $57.3 million compared to the 2015 period primarily due to the purchase of a headquarters building in the Outdoor  
Action Sports coalition in 2015. Software purchases decreased $21.2 million compared to the 2015 period primarily due to the completion of a system implementation that incurred significant costs through the middle of 2015. In addition, cash flows
from investing activities in the first nine months of 2015 benefitted from $16.7 million of proceeds from the sale of a  VF Outlet     location.  
  Cash (Used) Provided by Financing Activities     The
decrease in cash flow from financing activities during the first nine months of 2016 compared to the 2015 period was driven by i) $951.8 million of proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, ii) a $980.4 million decrease in net cash generated by
short-term borrowings, iii) $268.3 million of incremental open market purchases of Common Stock, and iv) $54.7 million of incremental cash dividends paid. Short-term borrowings support general corporate purposes and share repurchases, and
outstanding balances may vary from period to period depending on the level of corporate requirements.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  During the first nine months of 2016, VF purchased 15.9 million shares of its Common Stock in open market
transactions at a total cost of $1.0 billion (average price per share of $62.80). During the first nine months of 2015, VF purchased 10.0 million shares of its Common Stock in open market transactions at a total cost of $731.9 million (average
price per share of $73.01).    As of the end of the third quarter of 2016, the Company had 14.8 million shares remaining under its current share
repurchase program authorized by VF s Board of Directors. VF will continue to evaluate its use of capital, giving first priority to business acquisitions and then to direct shareholder return in the form of dividends and share repurchases.  
 VF relies on continued strong cash generation to finance its ongoing operations. In addition, VF has significant liquidity from its available cash balances
and credit facilities. In June 2016, VF entered an accession agreement to increase the existing $1.75 billion senior unsecured revolving line of credit (the  Global Credit Facility ) to $2.25 billion. The Global Credit Facility expires in
April 2020 and VF may request two extensions of one year each, subject to stated terms and conditions. The Global Credit Facility may be used to borrow funds in both U.S. dollar and non-U.S. dollar currencies, and has a $50.0 million letter of
credit sublimit. In addition, the Global Credit Facility supports VF s U.S. commercial paper program for short-term, seasonal working capital requirements and general corporate purposes. This program, which was also increased to $2.25 billion,
allows for VF to issue commercial paper to the extent that borrowing capacity is available under the Global Credit Facility.    Commercial paper borrowings
and standby letters of credit issued as of September 2016 were $700.0 million and $16.1 million, respectively, leaving $1.5 billion available for borrowing against the Global Credit Facility at September 2016.  
 VF has $136.0 million of international lines of credit with various banks, which are uncommitted and may be terminated at any time by either VF or the banks.
Total outstanding balances under these arrangements were $37.7 million and $26.9 million at September 2016 and September 2015, respectively.    On September
20, 2016, VF issued  850 million of 0.625% fixed rate notes maturing in September 2023, which were used for working capital and general corporate purposes, including repayment of outstanding indebtedness under its existing commercial paper
program. The cash proceeds from the notes were $951.8 million, net of original issue discount. Interest expense on these notes is recorded at an effective annual interest rate of 0.712%, which includes amortization of original issue discount and
debt issuance costs.    VF s favorable credit agency ratings allow for access to additional liquidity at competitive rates. At the end of September
2016, VF s long-term debt ratings were  A  by Standard   Poor s Ratings Services and  A3  by Moody s Investors Service, and commercial paper ratings by those rating agencies were  A-1  and
 Prime-2 , respectively.    None of VF s long-term debt agreements contain acceleration of maturity clauses based solely on changes in credit
ratings. However, if there were a change in control of VF and, as a result of the change in control, the 2017, 2021 and 2037 notes were rated below investment grade by recognized rating agencies, VF would be obligated to repurchase the notes at 101%
of the aggregate principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest.    Management s Discussion and Analysis in the 2015 Form 10-K provided a table
summarizing VF s contractual obligations and commercial commitments at the end of 2015 that would require the use of funds. As of October 1, 2016, there have been no material changes in the amounts disclosed in the 2015 Form 10-K, except as
noted below:      

Inventory purchase obligations increased by approximately $138.9 million at the end of September 2016 due to the seasonality of VF s businesses.    

Other obligations increased by approximately $118.6 million at the end of September 2016 due to increased service and maintenance agreement obligations.    

Management believes that VF s cash balances and funds provided by operating activities, as well as its Global Credit Facility, additional borrowing
capacity and access to capital markets, taken as a whole, provide (i) adequate liquidity to meet all of its current and long-term obligations when due, (ii) adequate liquidity to fund capital expenditures and to maintain the planned
dividend payout rate, and (iii) flexibility to meet investment opportunities that may arise.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 See Note Q to VF s consolidated financial statements for information on recently issued and adopted accounting standards, including reclassifications made
to 2015 amounts.     Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 Management has chosen accounting policies that it considers to be appropriate to accurately and fairly report VF s operating results and financial
position in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Our critical accounting policies are applied in a consistent manner. Significant accounting policies are summarized in Note A to the consolidated
financial statements included in the 2015 Form 10-K.    The application of these accounting policies requires management to make estimates and assumptions
about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, contingent assets and liabilities, and related disclosures. These estimates, assumptions and judgments are based on historical
experience, current trends and other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management evaluates these estimates and assumptions and may retain outside consultants to assist in the evaluation. If actual results ultimately differ
from previous estimates, the revisions are included in results of operations in the period in which the actual amounts become known.    The accounting
policies that involve the most significant estimates, assumptions and management judgments used in preparation of the consolidated financial statements, or are the most sensitive to change from outside factors, are discussed in Management s
Discussion and Analysis in the 2015 Form 10-K. There have been no material changes in these policies. See Note O to VF s consolidated financial statements for discussion of significant estimates used in the impairment testing of goodwill and
trademark intangible assets during the third quarter of 2016.    Cautionary Statement on Forward-looking Statements   
 From time to time, VF may make oral or written statements, including statements in this quarterly report that constitute  forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These include statements concerning plans, objectives, projections and expectations relating to VF s operations or economic performance, and assumptions related thereto. Forward-looking
statements are made based on management s expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting VF and therefore involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and actual results could differ
materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements.    Potential risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results of
operations or financial condition of VF to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q include,  
 but are not limited to: foreign currency fluctuations; the level of consumer demand for apparel, footwear and accessories; disruption to VF s distribution
system; VF s reliance on a small number of large customers; the financial strength of VF s customers; fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of raw materials and contracted products; disruption and volatility in the global
capital and credit markets; VF s response to changing fashion trends; increasing pressure on margins; VF s ability to implement its business strategy; VF s ability to grow its international and direct-to-consumer businesses; VF s
and its customers  and vendors  ability to maintain the strength and security of information technology systems; stability of VF s manufacturing facilities and foreign suppliers; continued use by VF s suppliers of ethical
business practices; VF s ability to accurately forecast demand for products; continuity of members of VF s management; VF s ability to protect trademarks and other intellectual property rights; possible goodwill and other asset
impairment; maintenance by VF s licensees and distributors of the value of VF s brands; changes in tax liabilities; legal, regulatory, political and economic risks; and adverse or unexpected weather conditions. More information on
potential factors that could affect VF s financial results is included from time to time in VF s public reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including VF s Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
    Item 3    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk     
 There have been no significant changes in VF s market risk exposures from what was disclosed in Item 7A in the 2015 Form 10-K.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4    Controls and Procedures     
 Disclosure controls and procedures:    Under the supervision of the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, a Disclosure Committee comprising various members of management has evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures at VF and its subsidiaries as of the end of the period
covered by this quarterly report (the  Evaluation Date ). Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded as of the Evaluation Date that such controls and procedures were effective.  
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting:    There
have been no changes during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, VF s internal control over financial reporting.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

     Part II   Other Information   
    Item 1    Legal Proceedings     
 Information on VF s legal proceedings is set forth under Part I, Item 3,  Legal Proceedings,  in the 2015 Form 10-K. There have been no
material changes to the legal proceedings from those described in the 2015 Form 10-K.       Item 1A    Risk Factors
      You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  in the 2015 Form 10-K. There have
been no material changes to the risk factors from those disclosed in the 2015 Form 10-K.       Item 2    Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds         

(c) 
 Issuer purchases of equity securities:        

(1)   
 Includes 1,100 shares of Common Stock that were purchased during the quarter in connection with VF s deferred compensation plans. VF will continue to evaluate future share repurchases   considering funding
required for business acquisitions, VF s Common Stock price and levels of stock option exercises.    
      35  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6    Exhibits     

31.1 
    
 Certification of Eric C. Wiseman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 10A, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Scott A. Roe, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 10A, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1 
    
 Certification of Eric C. Wiseman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2 
    
 Certification of Scott A. Roe, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  
 
      36  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

V.F. CORPORATION   

(Registrant)  

By: 
   
   /s/ Scott A. Roe   

Scott A. Roe  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Chief Financial Officer)   

Date: November 3, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Bryan H. McNeill   

Bryan H. McNeill  

Vice President Controller (Chief Accounting Officer)  
 
      37  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d436925dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO 15 U.S.C. SECTION 10A, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Eric C. Wiseman, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q of V.F. Corporation;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

November 3, 2016 

/s/ Eric C. Wiseman   

Eric C. Wiseman  

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d436925dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO 15 U.S.C. SECTION 10A, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Scott A. Roe, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q of V.F. Corporation;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

November 3, 2016 

/s/ Scott A. Roe   

Scott A. Roe  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d436925dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of V.F. Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending October 1, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Eric C. Wiseman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.    

November 3, 2016 

/s/ Eric C. Wiseman   

Eric C. Wiseman  

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d436925dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of V.F. Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending October 1, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Scott A. Roe, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.    

November 3, 2016 

/s/ Scott A. Roe   

Scott A. Roe  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 vfc-20161001.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vfc-20161001.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 vfc-20161001_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vfc-20161001_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vfc-20161001_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vfc-20161001_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

