<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161007_10-K_edgar_data_1581545_0001683168-16-000265_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3119415</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>149550</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>595461</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>640835</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>939949</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>708811</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>72</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000265.hdr.sgml : 20161007
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161007110544
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000265
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161007
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161007

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Freedom Leaf Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001581545
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS PUBLISHING [2741]
		IRS NUMBER:				462093679
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55687
		FILM NUMBER:		161926451

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3571 E. SUNSET ROAD, SUITE 420
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-442-0411

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3571 E. SUNSET ROAD, SUITE 420
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Arkadia International
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130715

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000265.txt : 20161007

10-K
 1
 frlf_10k-063016.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

  _______________________________________________  

FORM
10-K   

 _______________________________________________ 

x   
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2016  

OR  

o   
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the transition
period from ______ to ______.  

Commission File Number: 
 000-55687  

  ______________________________________________  

FREEDOM
LEAF, INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

 _______________________________________________ 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:  (702) 499-6022  

 ____________________________________________ 

Securities registered
under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

  None  

Securities registered
under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

  Common Stock, $0.001
Par Value  

 (Title of class) 

 ____________________________________________ 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.     o  
Yes      x  
No  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.   o  
Yes      x  
No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    x  
Yes        o  
No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    x  
Yes        o  
No  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    o  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company
filer. See definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
Accelerated Filer     o  
     Accelerated Filer     o  
     Non-Accelerated Filer      o  
      Smaller Reporting Company     x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    o  
Yes      x  
No  

On December 31, 2015,
the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $28,279,357, based upon the closing price on that date of the common
stock of the registrant on the OTC Bulletin Board system of $1.16. For purposes of this response, the registrant has assumed that
its directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of 5% or more of its Common Stock are deemed affiliates of the registrant. 

As of October
5, 2016, the registrant had 95,038,650 shares of its common stock, $0.001 par value, issued, issuable, and
outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page   

PART I.   

Item 1.  
      Business  

3  

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  

11  

Item 1B.  
      Unresolved Staff Comments  

11  

Item 2.  
      Properties  

11  

Item 3.  
      Legal Proceedings  

11  

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  

11  

PART II.   

Item 5.  
      Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

11  

Item 6.  
      Selected Financial Data  

12  

Item 7.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation  

12  

Item 7A.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

16  

Item 8.  
      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

17  

Item 9.  
      Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

18  

Item 9A.  
      Controls and Procedures  

18  

Item 9B.  
      Other Information  

20  

PART III.   

Item 10.  
      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  

20  

Item 11.  
      Executive Compensation  

22  

Item 12.  
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  

23  

Item 13.  
      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  

23  

Item 14.  
      Principal Accounting Fees and Services  

24  

PART IV.   

Item 15.  
      Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  

25  

Signatures  

26  

Exhibits  

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Rule 175 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule
3b-6 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements
are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, our beliefs
and our assumptions. Words such as  anticipate,   expects,   intends,   plans, 
 believes,   seeks  and  estimates  and variations of these words and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject
to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider
all of such risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Company s stock. The following discussion and
analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for Freedom Leaf, Inc. Such discussion represents only the
best present assessment from our Management. 

PART I  

Item 1. Business.  

General Overview  

Freedom Leaf, Inc. (the
 Company ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 21, 2013, under the name of Arkadia International, Inc.
The Company was originally engaged in the business of the acquisition of in demand equipment, cars, and goods with the intent to
resell these in the U.S. territories or export to overseas countries. 

On October 3, 2014, the
Company experienced a change in control. Richard C. Cowan acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock of the
Company in accordance with stock purchase agreements by and between Mr. Cowan and Vladimir and Galina Shekhtman ( Sellers ).
On the closing date, October 3, 2014, pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, Cowan purchased from the Sellers 6,950,100
shares of the Company s outstanding restricted common stock for $100,000, representing 93% of the total issued and outstanding
at that time. 

On November 6, 2014,
the Company merged with Freedom Leaf, Inc., a private Nevada corporation. The Company changed its name from Arkadia International,
Inc., to Freedom Leaf, Inc. As a result of the merger, the private company was dissolved. See Note 2 for related discussion. 

For financial
reporting purposes, the Share Exchange represents a  reverse merger  rather than a business combination and Private Company
is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. The Share Exchange is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization.
Private Company is the acquirer for financial reporting purposes and the Public Company (Freedom Leaf, Inc., f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.) is the acquired company. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the operations that will be reflected in the historical
financial statements prior to the Share Exchange will be those of the Private Company and will be recorded at the historical cost
basis of the Private Company, and the financial statements after completion of the Share Exchange will include the assets and liabilities
of the Public Company and the Private Company, and the historical operations of Private Company and operations of both companies
from the closing date of the Share Exchange. 

We are currently devoting
substantially all of our efforts in migrating to the news, arts and entertainment niche, with both in print and online publications.
The Company generates revenue through paid advertising in publications, both print and online, in the cannabis/hemp marketplace.
The Company earns revenue from 1) providing consulting services to companies who are in our industry, 2) contracting with companies
to brand, market, and sell their products and/or services, 3) providing seminars in this space, 4) selling branded products for
the Company and others the Company represents, 5) selling licenses, both domestic and foreign, for the use of the Freedom Leaf
brand that includes the Company s products and services, and 6) pursuing mergers and/or acquisitions having instituted an
incubator / accelerator that began incubating one company starting during the year ended June 30, 2016. 

The Company reports its
business under the following SIC Codes: 

Our corporate headquarters
are located at 3571 E. Sunset Road, Suite 420, Las Vegas, Nevada, 89120. The Company s primary web site is www.freedomleaf.com.
This web site is not incorporated in this Form 10-K. 

Overview  

Freedom Leaf, The Marijuana
Legalization Company, has now published and circulated hundreds of thousands of copies of our fifteen editions in thirty-two states
with the assistance of over 160 activist marketers.  Freedom Leaf  magazine,  The Good News in Marijuana Reform, 
reports on arts, fashion, and lifestyle, all of the elements of the burgeoning cannabis movements.  Freedom Leaf  magazine
provides activists, consumers, patients and entrepreneurs with a means to stay informed on the emerging industry's most cutting
edge marijuana-related information, innovations and legislation. It is distributed nationally through chapters of the National
Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML.org), Students for a Sensible Drug Policy (SSDP.org), and WomenGrow.com, as
well as through participating medical and recreational dispensaries, smoke and vape shops, doctors and attorneys  offices,
and others in the marijuana industry. It is also available online at www.FreedomLeaf.com/ezine and on the Company s free
mobile app available on Apple iOS and the Google Play Store. 

Freedom Leaf  is
also expanding its online presence.  Freedom Leaf  has an entire platform of content suited for every aspect of advertising
and marketing to consumers from all businesses in the cannabis industry. These sites incorporate many aspects of the marijuana
industry and movement. 

The Industry  

The
following is a report on the industry,   Legal Marijuana Is The Fastest-Growing Industry In The U.S.: Report , 
as published in HuffPost Business (The Huffington Post) on January 26, 2015 and updated on January 28, 2015. 

Legal
marijuana is the fastest-growing industry in the United States and if the trend toward legalization spreads to all 50 states, marijuana
could become larger than the organic food industry, according to The Huffington Post. 

Researchers
from The ArcView Group, a cannabis industry investment and research firm based in Oakland, California, found that the U.S. market
for legal cannabis grew 74 percent in 2014 to $2.7 billion, up from $1.5 billion in 2013. 

The
group surveyed hundreds of medical and recreational marijuana retailers in states where sales are legal, as well as ancillary business
operators and independent cultivators of the plant, over the course of seven months during 2013 and 2014. ArcView also compiled
data from state agencies, nonprofit organizations and private companies in the marijuana industry for a more complete look at the
marketplace. 

In
the last year, the rise of the cannabis industry went from an interesting cocktail conversation to being taken seriously as the
fastest growing industry in America,  Troy Dayton, CEO of The ArcView Group and publisher of the third edition of the State
of Legal Marijuana Markets, said in the executive summary of the report.  At this point, it s hard to imagine that
any serious businessperson who is paying attention hasn t spent some time thinking about the possibilities in this market.  

Graph
courtesy of ArcView Market Research.   

The report also projects
a strong year for legal marijuana in 2015 and projects 32 percent growth in the market. Dayton said that places  cannabis
in the top spot  when compared with other fast-growing industries. 

Over the next five
years, the marijuana industry is expected to continue to grow, with ArcView predicting that 14 more states will legalize
recreational marijuana and two more states will legalize medical marijuana. At least 9 states as shown below, are
already considering legalizing recreational marijuana in just the next two years through ballot measures or state
legislatures. 

Medical   
       Recreational   
       Legalize Dispensaries    
 
     Arkansas 
     Arizona 
     Montana  
 
     Florida 
     California 

North Dakota 
     Maine 

Massachusetts 

Nevada 

To date,
four states -- Colorado, Washington, Alaska and Oregon -- have legalized retail marijuana. Washington, D.C., voters also
legalized recreational and/or medical marijuana use, but sales currently remain banned. Twenty-five states have legalized
medical cannabis. Still, marijuana remains illegal at the federal level. 

The report projects that,
by 2019, all of the state-legal marijuana markets combined will make for a potential overall market worth almost $11 billion annually. 

Graph courtesy of ArcView Market Research.  

The report also breaks
out some interesting marijuana trends from around the nation. California still has the largest legal cannabis market in the U.S.,
at $1.3 billion. Arizona was found to have the fastest-growing major marijuana market in 2014, expanding to $155 million, up more
than $120 million from the previous year. Medical marijuana is already legal in Arizona and California and recreational legalization
measures are likely to appear on the 2016 ballots in both states. 

More than 1.5 million
shoppers purchased legal marijuana from a dispensary, either medical or recreational, in 2014. Five states now boast marijuana
markets that are larger than $100 million, and in Colorado and Washington -- the first states to open retail marijuana shops in
the U.S. -- consumers bought $370 million in marijuana products last year. 

Oregon and Alaska are
expected to add a combined $275 million in retail marijuana sales in their first year of operation, the report projects. And while
D.C. has also legalized recreational marijuana use, ArcView couldn't project a market size in the District because of an ongoing
attempt by congressional Republicans to block the new law.  

Graph courtesy of ArcView Market Research.  

The huge growth potential
of the industry appears to be limited only by the possibility of states rejecting the loosening of their drug laws. The report
projects a marijuana industry that could be more valuable than the entire organic food industry -- that is, if the legalization
trend continues to the point that all 50 states legalize recreational marijuana. The total market value of all states legalizing
marijuana would top $36.8 billion -- more than $3 billion larger than the organic food industry. 

Industry Statistics  

According
to ArcView, 2015 was another watershed year for the legal cannabis market. National legal sales grew to $5.7 billion, up from $4.6
billion in 2014. National sales were fueled by explosive growth in adult use market sales, which grew from $373.8 million in 2014,
to $1.2 billion by the end of 2015; an increase of 232%. Demand is expected to remain strong in 2016. 

25
states and the District of Columbia have legalized medical marijuana with 10 additional states having initiatives on the November
2016 ballot for either medical marijuana or recreational marijuana use. There are 4 states that have passed either initiatives
or legislative bills allowing for recreational use of marijuana. 

According
to the England Journal of Medicine, 76% of clinicians polled worldwide believe that the medicinal benefits of marijuana outweigh
the risks and potential harms. Within the next 5 years, the legal cannabis industry is expected to out earn the US film industry,
the organic foods industry and more than triple the revenues of the NFL. (Source: http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMclde1305159) 

Approximately
53% of Americans support marijuana legalization according to Pew Research. (Source: http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/04/14/6-facts-about-marijuana/) 

Customers  

Some
of our customers are companies in the cannabis/hemp industry. Two main services that we provide these clients include the following:
(1) advertising in our magazine, website and email blasts; and (2) branding and marketing services in order to aid companies in
the industry to develop their brand as well as market and sell their products. 

Other
customers are consumers in the cannabis marketplace seeking to purchase our products, magazine subscriptions, seminars, expos,
educational classes, concerts / musical festivals, and the productions or services of our commercial clients. 

We
are also providing licenses to individuals or companies who wish to market and sell the  Freedom Leaf  magazine and website
advertising, products, services, seminars as well as other products and services that we develop for those companies that we provide
our branding and marketing services. The licenses are available for individuals and entities in certain states, cities and other
countries. 

Currently, there are companies in two European
countries, Netherland and Spain, that have signed a memorandum of understanding regarding future license agreements. The Company
is in negotiation with entities in other countries for them to acquire a license agreement with Freedom Leaf. The  Freedom Leaf
 licenses allow a company to market and sell the  Freedom Leaf  magazine, website advertising, products, services, seminars
and other products and services that we develop for those companies. We also guide them on how to provide branding and marketing
services to clients who are entering or already in the cannabis industry. 

Marketing Focus and
Strategy  

Our marketing is centered
around the  Freedom Leaf  magazine and website. It is a two-fold strategy. First, the magazine draws businesses that are in
the cannabis/hemp industry to speak to us either because they are interested in advertising in the magazine and/or for  Freedom
Leaf  to publicize their business either through us writing an article about their company or for them to write an article about
an aspect in the industry that relates to their business (content marketing). Second,  Freedom Leaf  will undertake cross
promotion with operators of different expos, seminars and other public events that extend our reach to companies in the industry.
Last of all, we also use the non-profit alliances that we have established to gain a prominent position in our Industry. 

Our Products  

Ads in magazine, on Freedom Leaf owned
web sites, and in our email blasts    

Events, education classes, expos and seminars    

Marketing contracts with industry businesses    

Branding contracts with industry businesses    

Freedom Leaf branded products    

Magazine subscriptions    

Branded products and/or services companies
that we represent    

Concerts and musical festivals    

Licensing the Freedom Leaf brand, products
and services    

Sales Targets  

Non-Profits within
the Cannabis/Hemp Industry  

Freedom Leaf  currently
has a branding and marketing contract with NORML (the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws).  Freedom Leaf 
is responsible for many of their business activities, such as selling branded merchandise, donation fundraising, licensing their
brand, membership campaigns, etc. 

There are a few other
non-profit organizations within the cannabis/hemp industry that we intend to approach to develop a contract to do the same. 

Companies within the
Cannabis/Hemp Industry for Advertising  

We target companies in the cannabis/hemp industry
to offer our advertising and related services. Some examples are: dispensaries in the 25 states ( http://medicalmarijuana.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceID=000881 )
that have legalized medical marijuana sales; locations that sell recreational marijuana in the 4 states that have legalized recreational
marijuana use, companies that make edible food infused with marijuana and/or CBDs, vape manufacturers and wholesalers, websites
that sell auxiliary products related to cannabis/hemp use, and other businesses that sell products and or services that wish to
reach our market, such as clothing companies, concert organizers, and manufacturers or distributors of cell phones, headsets,
soda, energy drinks, health products, etc. 

Target Market  

The State of Colorado
completed a survey for the year 2014 which provides helpful information on the demographics related to our target markets: 

Competitive Edge  

Freedom Leaf  s
credibility has been growing in the cannabis/hemp marketplace due to its support of non-profits in the space and for the excellent
editorial and other content in our magazine. 

At least 50% of our magazine
distribution is through non-profit activists (to themselves and those they come in contact with) and we believe, industry activists
are among the most loyal consumers any company can potentially have. All of the magazine issues are also available on our Web site
in addition to other content for viewers. 

Freedom Leaf  has
signed a very important branding and marketing agreement with NORML, who is the oldest non-profit in our space promoting the legalization
of marijuana and related hemp laws, and the oldest non-profit in the industry. 

Its digest size (5.5 
x 8.5 ) is perfect for people to carry around easily. 

Competitors  

We compete with companies
of all sizes in a variety of geographies that offer solutions that compete with elements of our business plan, such as in print
and online printing, advertising, etc. More specifically, however, the medical and recreational marijuana companies is a new, developing
and nascent market, resulting in a highly fragmented and fractured marketplace. The federal state and municipal governments have
varying degrees of legality that will affect business. Some of the companies we compete with are much larger than us, and such
companies have significantly greater resources. 

Most of our current and
potential competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer or user bases, greater brand recognition and significantly
greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. Our competitors may be able to secure experienced employees, accommodate
customers more efficiently and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can. Many of these current and potential competitors
can devote substantially more resources to advertising, marketing and attracting experienced talent than we can. In addition, larger,
more well-established and financed entities may acquire, invest in or form joint ventures with our competitors 

Our competitors include: 

Culture Magazine  

 www.ireadculture.com 

 Southern   Northern
CA, Denver CO, Seattle WA, San Diego CA, Portland OR, 

 Started in Southern CA
in 2009 

High Times Magazine  

 www.hightimes.com 

 Started in 1974, monthly
publication, oldest in industry but subscription base has reduced substantially, still the major national magazine. 

Dope Magazine  

 www.dopemagazine.com 

 Approximately 10 months
old in eastern Washington, 4 to 6 months in balance of locations (southern CA, northern CA, eastern WA, Portland, OR, Denver, CO) 

Elevate Magazine  

 www.elavatnv.com 

 Local Las Vegas magazine
(we have a strategic relationship with them) 

Intellectual Property  

Website  

We assert common law
copyright in the contents of our websites, www.freedomleaf.com and www.cannabizu.com, and common law trademark rights in our business
name and related product labels, including  The Marijuana Legalization Company,   Hemp Inspired,   CannaBizU, 
and  CannaBiz.  We have copyrights and trademarked some of our tradenames (see Trademarks section). We expect to copyright
and/or trademark additional tradenames in the future, as we deem necessary to protect our business. 

We plan to develop these
other domains, which are owned by Freedom Leaf: 

www.MarijuanaNews.com 

 www.LadyCannabis.com 

 www.CannabisSeminars.com 

 www.CannabisDebate.com 

 www.CannaSpa.com 

 www.Vegasterdam.com 

Trademarks  

We have registered or filed for registration
with the United States Trademark and Patent Office for the following trademarks:  Freedom Leaf,   The Marijuana
Legalization Company,   Hemp Inspired,  and with the State of Nevada  CannaBizU,  and  CannaBiz. 
Internationally, we have filed for  Freedom Leaf  trademark protection in European Union, Columbia, China, Mexico,
Jamaica and Uruguay. 

Reports to Security
Holders  

We intend to furnish
our shareholders annual reports containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public accounting firm and
to make available quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements for each of the first three quarters of each year.
We file Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange
Commission in order to meet our timely and continuous disclosure requirements. We may also file additional documents with the Commission
if they become necessary in the course of our company's operations. 

The public may read and
copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. The
public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains
an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. 

Government Regulations  

We believe that we are
and will continue to be in compliance in all material respects with applicable statutes and the regulations passed in the United
States. There are no current orders or directions relating to our company with respect to the foregoing laws and regulations. 

Continued development
of the marijuana industry is dependent upon continued legislative authorization of marijuana at the state level. Any number of
factors could slow or halt progress in this area. Further, progress, while encouraging, is not assured. While there may be ample
public support for legislative action, numerous factors impact the legislative process. Any one of these factors could slow or
halt use of marijuana, which would negatively impact our proposed business. 

Marijuana is a Schedule-I
controlled substance and is illegal under federal law. Even in those states in which the use of marijuana has been legalized, its
use remains a violation of federal laws. There are currently 25 states and the District of Columbia allowing its citizens to use
Medical Marijuana. Additionally, Alaska, Colorado, Oregon, Washington State, as well as Washington D.C., have voted to legalize
cannabis for adult recreational use. The state laws are in conflict with the federal Controlled Substances Act, which makes marijuana
use and possession illegal on a national level. The Obama administration has effectively stated that it is not an efficient use
of resources to direct law federal law enforcement agencies to prosecute those lawfully abiding by state-designated laws allowing
the use and distribution of medical marijuana. However, there is no guarantee that the administration will not change its stated
policy regarding the low-priority enforcement of federal laws. Additionally, any new administration that follows could change this
policy and decide to enforce the federal laws strongly. Active enforcement of the current federal regulatory position on cannabis
may thus indirectly and adversely affect our revenues and profits. Any such change in the federal government s enforcement
of current federal laws could cause significant financial damage to us. While we do not intend to harvest, distribute or sell cannabis,
we may be irreparably harmed by a change in enforcement by the federal government or state-level regulatory or legislative changes. 

Environmental Regulations  

We do not believe that we are or will become
subject to any environmental laws or regulations of the United States. While our products and business activities do not currently
violate any laws, any regulatory changes that impose additional restrictions or requirements on us or on our products or potential
customers could adversely affect us by increasing our operating costs or decreasing demand for our products or services, which
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Employees  

As of June 30, 2016,
we had a total of six full time employees. Our employees are not parties to any collective bargaining agreement. We believe our
relationships with our employees are good. 

Property  

We lease approximately
2,800 square feet of office space in Las Vegas, Nevada, pursuant to a lease that will expire on April 15, 2019. This facility serves
as our corporate headquarters. 

Available Information  

All reports of the Company
filed with the SEC are available free of charge through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, the public may read
and copy materials filed by the Company at the SEC s Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549. The public may also obtain additional information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission
at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

As a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.  

None. 

Item 2. Properties.  

We lease approximately
2,800 square feet of office space in Las Vegas, Nevada, pursuant to a lease that will expire on April 15, 2019. This facility serves
as our corporate headquarters. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.  

From time to time,
we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. As of
October 6, 2016, there were no pending or threatened lawsuits that could reasonably be expected to have a material
effect on the results of our operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

PART II  

Item 5.   Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  

Market for Common
Equity  

Market Information  

The Company s common
stock is quoted on OTC Markets Group s OTCPink under the symbol  FRLF.  The symbol change from the predecessor
company was effective February 24, 2015. As of June 30, 2016, the Company s common stock was held by 45 shareholders of record,
which does not include shareholders whose shares are held in street or nominee name. 

The Company s shares
commenced trading on or about February 10, 2014 (for Arkadia International, Inc.). The following chart is indicative of the fluctuations
in the stock prices: 

Source: OTC Markets 

The Company s transfer agent is Globex
Transfer, LLC, at 780 Deltona Blvd., Suite 202, Deltona, FL 32725. 

Dividend Distributions  

We have not paid any
cash dividends on our common stock and have no present intention of paying any dividends on the shares of our common stock for
the foreseeable future. Our current policy is to retain earnings, if any, for use in our operations and in the development of our
business. Our future dividend policy may be modified from time to time by our board of directors. 

Securities authorized
for issuance under equity compensation plans  

The Company established
a stock option plan on June 27, 2016. 

Penny Stock  

Our common stock is considered
 penny stock  under the rules the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny
stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities
exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market System, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions
in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction
in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, that: 

contains a description of the nature and level of risks in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading;   

contains a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities' laws; contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price;   

contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;   

defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and   

contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Commission shall require by rule or regulation.   

The broker-dealer also
must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: 

bid and offer quotations for the penny stock;   

the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;   

the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the marker for such stock; and   

monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account.   

In addition, the penny
stock rules that require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer
must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's
written acknowledgement of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks,
and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement. 

These disclosure requirements may have the
effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock. 

Related Stockholder
Matters  

None. 

Purchase of Equity
Securities  

None. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data.  

As the Company is a  smaller reporting
company,  this item is inapplicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.  

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Rule 175 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule
3b-6 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements
are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, our beliefs
and our assumptions. Words such as  anticipate,   expects,   intends,   plans, 
 believes,   seeks  and  estimates  and variations of these words and similar expressions are
intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks,
uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to
differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider all of
such risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Company s stock. The following discussion and analysis
should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and summary of selected financial data for Freedom Leaf, Inc. Such
discussion represents only the best present assessment from our Management. 

DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY  

The
Company was a startup company that was incorporated in Nevada under the name Arkadia International, Inc. on February 21, 2013. 

On October 3, 2014, the
Company experienced a change in control. Richard C. Cowan acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock of the
Company in accordance with stock purchase agreements by and between Mr. Cowan and Vladimir and Galina Shekhtman ( Sellers ).
On the closing date, October 3, 2014, pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, Cowan purchased from the Sellers 6,950,100
shares of the Company s outstanding restricted common stock for $100,000, representing 93%. 

On November
4, 2014, the Company's Board of Directors declared a twelve for one forward stock split of all outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock. As the stock split was approved by FINRA, the common share and per common share data in these financial statements
and related notes hereto have been retroactively adjusted to account for the effect of the stock split. The total number of authorized
common shares and the par value thereof was not changed by the split. 

On
November 6, 2014, we entered into a share exchange agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) with Freedom Leaf, Inc., a
Nevada corporation ( Private Company ), and the Company s sole officer and director Clifford J. Perry ( Perry ),
being the owners of record of all of the issued share capital of Freedom Leaf, Inc. (the  FL Stock ). Pursuant to the
Exchange Agreement, the Shareholders received an aggregate of 83,401,200 shares (48.1%) our common stock (consisting of a new issuance
of shares and Mr. Perry s transfer of all of his shares) and we received the FL Stock. As a result of the exchange of the
FL Stock for the Acquisition Stock (the  Share Exchange ), Freedom Leaf, Inc. became our Company whereas the operations
of Arkadia International, Inc. ceased, and there was a change of control of the Company. 

Prior
to the Share Exchange, we were a startup company that originally intended to engage in the business of the acquisition of in demand
equipment, cars, and goods with the intent to resell these in the in the U.S. territories or export to overseas countries. 

We
have had limited operations and have been issued a  going concern  opinion by our auditor, based upon our reliance
on the sale of our common stock as the sole source of funds for our future operations. 

We have been devoting
substantially all of our efforts to migrate to the news, arts and entertainment niche, with both  in print  and online
publications. The Company is generating revenue through paid advertising in publications, both print and online, in the cannabis/hemp
marketplace. The Company will also earn revenue from providing consulting services to companies who are in our industry, contracting
with companies to brand, market, and sell their products and/or services, provide seminars in this space, and sell branded products
for the Company and others the Company represents.  We have also started incubating other companies in the cannabis industry
and have one company that we are currently incubating. 

The following Management
Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Form
10-K.  

COMPARISON OF THE
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 TO THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2015  

Results of Operations  

Revenue.  For the
year ended June 30, 2016, our revenue was $118,473, compared to $48,674 for the same period in 2015. This increase in revenue was
attributable to increased sales related to increased magazine subscriptions and licensing fees. 

Operating Expenses:  

Direct costs of Revenue. 
For the year ended June 30, 2016, direct costs of revenue were $132,381 compared to $213,604 for the same period in 2015. As a
percent of revenue, direct costs of revenue were 111.7% and 438.8%, respectively, for 2016 and 2015. 

General and Administrative
Expenses.  For the year ended June 30, 2016, general and administrative expenses were $2,685,025 compared to $768,938 for the
same period in 2015. The increase was due to the increase in operations and stock-based compensation ($2,258,863 compared to $12,500
for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively). 

Net Loss.  We generated net losses of
$3,011,220 for the year ended June 30, 2016, compared to $999,118 for the same period in 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

General.  At June 30, 2016, we had cash
and cash equivalents of $1,758. We have historically met our cash needs through a combination of cash flows from operating activities
and proceeds from private placements of our securities and loans. Our cash requirements are generally for selling, general and
administrative activities. We believe that our cash balance is not sufficient to finance our cash requirements for expected operational
activities, capital improvements, and partial repayment of debt through the next 12 months. 

Our operating activities used cash of $50,831
for the year ended June 30, 2016, and we used cash in operations of $944,352 during the same period in 2015. The principal elements
of cash flow from operations for the year ended June 30, 2016, included a net loss of $3,011,220. 

Cash used in investing activities during the
year ended June 30, 2016, was $3,235 compared to $4,301 provided by investing activities during the same period in 2015. 

Cash generated in our financing activities was $54,923 for the year ended June 30, 2016, compared to cash
generated of $940,952 during the comparable period in 2015. 

As of June 30, 2016,
current liabilities exceeded current assets by 24.8 times. Current assets increased from $5,381 at June 30, 2015 to $12,122 at
June 30, 2016, whereas current liabilities increased from $50,161 at June 30, 2015, to $176,310 at June 30, 2016. 

Going Concern  

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the
normal course of business. The Company had sales of $118,473 and net losses of $3,105,991 for the year ended June 30, 2016, compared
to sales of $48,674 and net losses of $999,118 for the year ended June 30, 2015. The Company had a working capital deficit, stockholders 
deficit, and accumulated deficit of $169,188, $284,390 and $4,105,109, respectively, at June 30, 2016. These factors raise substantial
doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The Company is highly dependent
on its ability to continue to obtain investment capital from future funding opportunities to fund the current and planned operating
levels. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset
amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a
going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to bring in income generating
activities and its ability to continue receiving investment capital from future funding opportunities. No assurance can be given
that the Company will be successful in these efforts. 

Critical Accounting
Policies  

Use of Estimates. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates in the accompanying financial
statements include the amortization period for intangible assets, valuation and impairment valuation of intangible assets, depreciable
lives of the web site and property and equipment, valuation of warrant and beneficial conversion feature debt discounts, valuation
of share-based payments and the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. 

Changes in Accounting
Principles.  No significant changes in accounting principles were adopted during fiscal 2016 and 2015. 

Derivatives.  The
Company evaluates its convertible debt, options, warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components
of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for. The result of this accounting treatment is that under
certain circumstances the fair value of the derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability.
In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations
as other income or expense. Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the
conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified to equity. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity
that become subject to reclassification under this accounting standard are reclassified to liability at the fair value of the instrument
on the reclassification date. 

Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets.  The Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
ASC 360-10,  Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . This statement requires that long-lived
assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison
of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets
are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets
exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less
costs to sell.  

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments and Fair Value Measurements.  The Company measures their financial assets and liabilities in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. For certain of our financial instruments, including cash, accounts payable, accrued expenses escrow
liability and short-term loans the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities. 

We have adopted accounting
guidance for financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. The adoption did not have a material impact on our results of
operations, financial position or liquidity. This standard defines fair value, provides guidance for measuring fair value and requires
certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements, but rather applies to all other accounting
pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to measurements related to share-based
payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques, such as the market approach (comparable market prices), the income approach
(present value of future income or cash flow), and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement
cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value
into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels: 

Level 1: Observable
inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: Inputs
other than quoted prices that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or
liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 

Level 3: Unobservable
inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed by us, which reflect
those that a market participant would use. 

Revenue Recognition. 
The Company recognizes revenue for our services in accordance with ASC 605-10,  Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements. 
Under these guidelines, revenue is recognized on transactions when all of the following exist: persuasive evidence of an arrangement
did exist, delivery of service has occurred, the sales price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably
assured. The Company has five primary revenue streams as follows: 

Consulting services.   

Advertising services.   

Branding, marketing and selling products for companies.   

Educational seminars.   

Selling branded products.   

Stock-Based Compensation. 
The Company accounts for stock-based instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718. ASC Topic 718 requires companies
to recognize in the statement of operations the grant-date fair value of stock options and other equity based compensation issued
to employees. The Company accounts for non-employee share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 505-50. The value of the portion
of an award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service periods using the straight-line
attribution method.     The Company estimates the fair value of each stock option at the grant date by using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model. The Company estimates the fair value of each stock option at the grant date by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES  

Adjusted Net Earnings 

In addition to reporting
net loss from operations as defined under generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), the Company presents adjusted
net earnings from operations (adjusted net earnings), which is a non-GAAP performance measure. Adjusted net earnings consist of
net loss from operations after adjustment for those items shown in the table below. Adjusted net earnings does not represent, and
should not be considered an alternative to, GAAP measurements such as net loss from operations (its most comparable GAAP financial
measure), and the Company s calculations thereof may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
By eliminating the items shown below, the Company believes that the measure is useful to investors because similar measures are
frequently used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties in their evaluation of companies. The Company s
management does not view adjusted net earnings in isolation and also uses other measurements, such as net loss from operation and
revenues to measure operating performance. The following table provides a reconciliation of net loss from operations, the most
directly comparable GAAP measure, to adjusted net earnings for the periods presented: 

Adjusted EBITDA 

In addition to reporting
net loss from operations as defined under GAAP, the Company also presents adjusted net earnings before interest, income taxes,
depreciation, depletion, and amortization from operations (adjusted EBITDA), which is a non-GAAP performance measure. Adjusted
EBITDA consists of net loss from operations after adjustment for those items shown in the table below. Adjusted EBITDA does not
represent, and should not be considered an alternative to, GAAP measurements such as net loss from operations (its most comparable
GAAP financial measure), and the Company s calculations thereof may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported
by other companies. 

By eliminating the items
shown below, the Company believes the measure is useful in evaluating its fundamental core operating performance. The Company also
believes that adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors because similar measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors,
and other interested parties in their evaluation of companies. The Company s management uses adjusted EBITDA to manage its
business, including in preparing its annual operating budget and financial projections. The Company s management does not
view adjusted EBITDA in isolation and also uses other measurements, such as net loss from operations and revenues to measure operating
performance. The following table provides a reconciliation of net loss from operations, the most directly comparable GAAP measure,
to adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented: 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk.  

As the Company is a  smaller reporting
company,  this item is inapplicable. 

Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data.  

Freedom Leaf, Inc.   

Table of Contents 

Page   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

F-1  

Balance Sheets  

F-2  

Statements of Operations  

F-3  

Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity  

F-4  

Statements of Cash Flows  

F-5  

Notes to Financial Statements  

F-6  

Green   Company, CPAs    

A PCAOB Registered Accounting Firm    

Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm  

To the Board of Directors
and Shareholders of: 

 Freedom Leaf, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheets of Freedom Leaf, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements of operations, changes
in shareholders  equity, and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is
not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Freedom Leaf, Inc. as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years in the periods ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company
reported a net loss of $3,011,220 in 2016, and used cash for operating activities of $50,831. At June 30, 2016, the Company had
a working capital deficit, shareholders  deficit and accumulated deficit of $169,188, $284,390 and $4,010,338, respectively.
These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
as to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ Green   Company CPAs, Inc. 

Green   Company CPAs, Inc. 

 Temple Terrace, Florida 

 October 6, 2016 

FREEDOM LEAF, INC. 

 (f/k/a Arkadia International, Inc.) 

 Balance Sheets 

 June 30, 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

FREEDOM LEAF, INC. 

 (f/k/a Arkadia International, Inc.) 

 Statements of Operations 

 For the Years Ended June 30, 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

FREEDOM LEAF, INC. 

 Statement of Shareholders' Deficit 

 June 30, 2016 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

FREEDOM LEAF, INC. 

 (f/k/a Arkadia International, Inc.) 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the Years Ended June 30, 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

Freedom Leaf, Inc.  

  (f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.)  

  Notes to Financial
Statements  

  June 30, 2016  

NOTE 1   NATURE
OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Organization  

Freedom Leaf, Inc. (the
 Company,   we,   us,   our,  or  Freedom Leaf ) was incorporated in
the State of Nevada on February 21, 2013, under the name of Arkadia International, Inc. The Company was originally engaged in the
business of the acquisition of in demand equipment, cars, and goods with the intent to resale these in the U.S. territory or export
to overseas countries. 

On October 3, 2014, the
Company experienced a change in control. Richard C. Cowan acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock of the
Company in accordance with stock purchase agreements by and between Mr. Cowan and Vladimir and Galina Shekhtman ( Sellers ).
On the closing date, October 3, 2014, pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, Cowan purchased from the Sellers 6,950,100
shares of the Company s outstanding restricted common stock for $100,000, representing 93%. 

On November 6, 2014,
the Company merged with Freedom Leaf, Inc., a private Nevada corporation. The Company changed its name from Arkadia International,
Inc., to Freedom Leaf, Inc. As a result of the merger, the private company was dissolved. See Note 2 for related discussion. 

For financial
reporting purposes, the Share Exchange represents a  reverse merger  rather than a business combination and Private Company
is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. The Share Exchange is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization.
Private Company is the acquirer for financial reporting purposes and the Public Company (Freedom Leaf, Inc., f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.) is the acquired company. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the operations that will be reflected in the historical
financial statements prior to the Share Exchange will be those of the Private Company and will be recorded at the historical cost
basis of the Private Company, and the financial statements after completion of the Share Exchange will include the assets and liabilities
of the Public Company and the Private Company, and the historical operations of Private Company and operations of both companies
from the closing date of the Share Exchange. 

Nature of Operations  

The Company is focused
on being the premium national and international news source for the Cannabis/Industrial Hemp industry. Through our online and print
media channels, our efforts are in dissemination of current legislation and legal news, arts and entertainment. Additional websites
and online partnerships are in the development stage that will give the Freedom Leaf brand greater exposure. The Company generates
revenue from paid advertising on both online and print publications as well as consulting fees and incubator fees for companies
that want to participate in the Cannabis/Industrial Hemp industry. Another segment of income generation by the Company is brand
management for both profit and non-profit organizations. An example is the contract with NORML which was entered into on May 26,
2015. This contract authorizes the Company to undertake all of the commercial activities of NORML, earning income for both the
non-profit and the Company. 

Basis of Presentation  

The Company prepares
its financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates in the accompanying financial statements include the amortization period
for intangible assets, valuation and impairment valuation of intangible assets, allowance for accounts receivable, depreciable
lives of the web site, valuation of warrants and beneficial conversion feature debt discounts, valuation of derivatives, and valuation
of share-based payments. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers
all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Property, Equipment
and Depreciation  

Property and equipment
is recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the related
assets of three years for computer equipment, five years for office furniture and fixtures, and the lesser of the lease term or
the useful life of the leased equipment. Leasehold improvements, if any, would be amortized over the lesser of the lease term or
the useful life of the improvements. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs along with fixed assets below our capitalization
threshold are expensed as incurred. 

Freedom Leaf, Inc.  

  (f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.)  

  Notes to Financial
Statements  

  June 30, 2016  

Accounting for Derivatives  

The Company evaluates
its convertible debt, options, warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts
qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for. The result of this accounting treatment is that under certain circumstances
the fair value of the derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the
fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as other income or expense.
Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then
that fair value is reclassified to equity. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification
under this accounting standard are reclassified to liability at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. 

Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets  

The Company accounts
for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 360-10,  Accounting
for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable
intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset
to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the
impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the
assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments  

The Company measures
its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. For certain of our financial
instruments, including cash, accounts payable, accrued expenses, deposits received from customers for layaway sales and short term
loans the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities. 

We follow accounting
guidance for financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. This standard defines fair value, provides guidance for measuring
fair value and requires certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements, but rather applies
to all other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to measurements
related to share-based payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques, such as the market approach (comparable market prices),
the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow), and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity
of an asset or replacement cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques
used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels: 

Level 1: Observable
inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: Inputs
other than quoted prices that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or
liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 

Level 3: Unobservable
inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed by us, which reflect
those that a market participant would use. 

We currently measure
and report at fair value our intangible assets (due to our impairment analysis) and derivative liabilities. The fair value of intangible
assets has been determined using the present value of estimated future cash flows method. The fair value of derivative liabilities
is measured using the Black-Scholes option pricing method. The following table summarizes our non-financial assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June 30, 2016: 

Freedom Leaf, Inc.  

  (f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.)  

  Notes to Financial
Statements  

  June 30, 2016  

Following is a summary
of activity through June 30, 2016 of the fair value of intangible assets valued using Level 3 inputs: 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company recognizes
revenue for our services in accordance with ASC 605-10,  Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements.  Under these guidelines,
revenue is recognized on transactions when all of the following exist: persuasive evidence of an arrangement did exist, delivery
of service has occurred, the sales price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company
has five primary revenue streams as follows: 

Consulting services.   

Advertising services.   

Branding, marketing and selling products for companies.   

Educational seminars.   

Selling branded products.   

Stock-Based
Compensation  

The Company accounts
for stock-based instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718. ASC Topic 718 requires companies to recognize
in the statement of operations the grant-date fair value of stock options and other equity based compensation issued to employees.
The value of the portion of an award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service
periods using the straight-line attribution method. The Company accounts for non-employee share-based awards in accordance with
the measurement and recognition provisions ASC Topic 505-50. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options at the grant
date by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 

Advertising  

Advertising is expensed
as incurred and is included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying statement of operations. For the
years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 advertising expense was $18,335 and $65,250, respectively. 

Income Taxes  

The Company adopted the provisions of ASC
740-10,  Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions.  When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some
positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the
merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance
of ASC 740-10, the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all
available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including
the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.
Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that
is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the
benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability
for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be
payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld
upon examination. As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. As of June 30, 2016, all previous
tax years remain open for IRS audit. The Company has received no notice of audit from the IRS for any of the open tax years. 

The Company adopted ASC 740-10,    Definition of Settlement in FASB Interpretation No. 48,  ( ASC
740-10 ), which was issued on May 2, 2007. ASC 740-10 amends FIN 48 to provide guidance on how an entity should determine
whether a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits. The term  effectively
settled  replaces the term  ultimately settled  when used to describe recognition, and the terms  settlement 
or  settled  replace the terms  ultimate settlement  or  ultimately settled  when used to describe
measurement of a tax position under ASC 740-10. ASC 740-10 clarifies that a tax position can be effectively settled upon
the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively
settled, an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit, even if the tax position is not considered more likely than
not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. The adoption
of ASC 740-10 did not have an impact on the accompanying financial statements. 

Freedom Leaf, Inc.  

  (f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.)  

  Notes to Financial
Statements  

  June 30, 2016  

Net Earnings (Loss) Per Share  

In accordance with ASC
260-10,  Earnings Per Share,  basic net earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss)
for the period by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share
are computed using the weighted average number of common and dilutive common stock equivalent shares outstanding during the period. 

Segment Information  

In accordance with the
provisions of ASC 280-10,  Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information , the Company is required
to report financial and descriptive information about its reportable operating segments. The Company does not have any operating
segments as of June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Effect of Recent Accounting
Pronouncements  

The Company reviews new
accounting standards and updates as issued. No new standards or updates had any material effect on these unaudited financial statements.
The accounting pronouncements and updates issued subsequent to the date of these audited financial statements that were considered
significant by management were evaluated for the potential effect on these audited financial statements. Management does not believe
any of the subsequent pronouncements will have a material effect on these audited financial statements as presented and does not
anticipate the need for any future restatement of these audited financial statements because of the retro-active application of
any accounting pronouncements issued subsequent to June 30, 2016 through the date these audited financial statements were issued. 

NOTE 2   ENTRY
INTO A DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT  

Freedom Leaf, Inc., (f/k/a
Arkadia International, Inc., the  Public Company,   we,   us,   our ) entered into
a share exchange agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) with Freedom Leaf, Inc. (the  Public Company ), a
Nevada corporation. Prior to the reverse merger, Richard C. Cowan, an officer and director of the Company, post-merger, acquired
89,808,000, or 99.8% of the outstanding shares of Freedom Leaf, Inc., the public company. Clifford J. Perry, an individual, and
the Private Company s sole officer and director ( Perry ), was the owner of record of all of the outstanding
common shares of the Private Company (the  Private Company Stock ). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, upon surrender
by the Shareholders and the cancellation by the Private Company of the certificates evidencing the Private Company Stock as registered
in the name of the Shareholder, and pursuant to the registration of the Public Company in the register of Shareholders maintained
by Private Company as the new holder of the Public Company Stock and the issuance of the certificates evidencing the aforementioned
registration of the Private Company Stock in the name of the Public Company, the Public Company will issue 83,401,200 shares (the
 New Shares ) (subject to adjustment for fractionalized shares as set forth below) of the Company s common stock
to the Shareholders (or their designees), and Perry will cause 100% of the shares of the Private Company s common stock that
he owns (the   Perry Stock ,  together with the New Shares, the  Acquisition Stock ) to be transferred
to the Shareholders (or their designees), which collectively shall represent 48.1% of the issued and outstanding common stock of
the Public Company immediately after the Closing, in exchange for the Private Company Stock, representing 100% of the issued share
capital of the Private Company.  As a result of the exchange of the Private Company Stock for the Acquisition Stock (the
 Share Exchange ), the Private Company will be dissolved. 

The closing of the Exchange
Agreement was conditioned upon certain, limited customary representations and warranties, as well as the satisfaction or waiver
of specified conditions to closing. As the parties satisfied all of the closing conditions, on November 6, 2014, we consummate
the Share Exchange contemplated by the Exchange Agreement. As a result, the shareholders of Private Company own approximately 48.1%
of our issued and outstanding common stock. 

Prior to the execution
and delivery of the Exchange Agreement, our board of directors approved the Share Exchange and the transactions contemplated thereby.
Similarly, the board of directors of Private Company approved the Share Exchange. Reference is hereby made regarding the completion
of the Share Exchange. 

Following the Share Exchange,
we have abandoned our prior business plan and we are now pursuing Private Company s historical businesses and proposed businesses.
Private Company is in the business of advertising in industry publications related to marijuana. 

The foregoing description
of the Exchange Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the Share Exchange Agreement, a copy
of which has been filed on Form 10-Q/A for the period ended December 31, 2014 which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Freedom Leaf, Inc.  

  (f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.)  

  Notes to Financial
Statements  

  June 30, 2016  

Accounting Treatment
of the Merger  

For financial reporting
purposes, the Share Exchange represents a  reverse merger  rather than a business combination and Private Company is
deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. The Share Exchange is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization.
Private Company is the acquirer for financial reporting purposes and the Public Company (Freedom Leaf, Inc., f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.) is the acquired company. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the operations that will be reflected in the historical
financial statements prior to the Share Exchange will be those of the Private Company and will be recorded at the historical cost
basis of the Private Company, and the financial statements after completion of the Share Exchange will include the assets and liabilities
of the Public Company and the Private Company, and the historical operations of Private Company and operations of both companies
from the closing date of the Share Exchange. 

Licensing Rights  

On February 8, 2016,
the Company and Freedomleaf Netherlands, b.v. ( FLNL ), a company located in the Netherlands, executed a Memorandum
of Understanding ( MOU ), wherein the Company granted FLNL a right of first refusal to license certain rights from
the Company described below in exchange for a payment of $25,000, and the parties agreed to negotiate a definite license agreement
for such rights and with proposed terms of the definitive agreement set forth in the MOU. Such rights include FLNL s rights
to use various trademarks of the Company, primarily  Freedom Leaf,  and other related rights, for use in the Netherlands
by FLNL, including FLNL s right to publish a Freedom Leaf magazine in the Netherlands, sell Freedom Leaf products and perform
other activities related to the business of the Company. Except for the grant of the right of first refusal, and the required payment
has not been received by the Company. FLNL is a shareholder (common stock and warrants to purchase additional common stock) of
the Company. 

Incubation Agreement  

On January 18, 2016,
the Company and Plants to Paper, LLC ( PTP ), executed an Incubation Agreement. PTP owns the patent pending application
62/245,153 with the title being  Rolling Papers and Blunt Wraps made from 100% Marijuana.  PTP transferred its ownership
rights to the Company and its Medical Marijuana / Cannabis / Hemp Industry Incubator program. The Company will supply management
services and to fund the early stage development of PTP. The Incubation Agreement is for a period of twelve months. PTP will provide
the Company with 20% of the outstanding membership shares of PTP in exchange for its services. The costs of patent registrations
in the United States and other countries will be the liability of PTP. As of June 30, 2016, PTP had no activity. 

NOTE 3   GOING
CONCERN  

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the
normal course of business. The Company sustained net losses of $3,011,220 and used cash in operating activities of $50,831 for
the year ended June 30, 2016. The Company had a working capital deficit, stockholders  deficit and accumulated deficit of
$169,188, $284,390 and $4,010,338, respectively, at June 30, 2016. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of
the Company to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The Company s continuation as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability to generate revenues and its ability to continue receiving investment capital and loans from third
parties to sustain its current level of operations. The Company is in the process of securing working capital from investors for
common stock, convertible notes payable, and/or strategic partnerships. No assurance can be given that the Company will be successful
in these efforts. 

The financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

NOTE 4   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Legal Matters  

From time to time,
we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. As of
October 5, 2016, there were no pending or threatened lawsuits. 

Lease Commitment  

We lease approximately
2,800 square feet of office space in Las Vegas, Nevada, pursuant to a lease that will expire on April 15, 2019. This facility serves
as our corporate headquarters. 

Freedom Leaf, Inc.  

  (f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.)  

  Notes to Financial
Statements  

  June 30, 2016  

Future minimum lease
payments under these leases are as follows: 

Rent expense for the
years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 was $33,919 and $22,172, respectively. 

NOTE 5   RELATED
PARTIES  

Richard C. Cowan ( Cowan ),
Director and former officer of the Company, has payables and accruals due to him of $100,000 and $194,355 as of June 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. 

Clifford J. Perry ( Perry ),
chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and director of the Company, has payables and accruals due to him of $26,250
and $26,666 as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Raymond P. Medeiros ( Medeiros ),
a director of the Company, has payables and accruals due to him of $10,500 and $0 as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

A shareholder of the
Company is owed $10,000 as of June 30, 2016. 

On May 25, 2016, Perry
converted 68,401,200 shares of common stock into 684,012 shares of Series A preferred stock. See Note 7. 

On May 25, 2016, Cowan
converted 26,401,000 shares of common stock into 264,010 shares of Series A preferred stock. See Note 7. 

On June 30, 2016, Cowan
converted $225,892 of payables and accruals into 2,509,914 shares of common stock. The conversion was at a 50% discount or $0.09
per share. As of June 30, 2016, these shares had not been issued and were recorded as issuable. See Note 7. 

NOTE 6   CONVERTIBLE
NOTES PAYABLE, NET OF PREMIUMS AND NOTES PAYABLE  

Convertible notes payable,
all classified as current at June 30, 2016, consists of the following: 

On July 7, 2015, the
Company executed a convertible promissory note for $5,000 with Bruce Perlowin. The note is for one year, 12% interest rate, and
convertible at $0.10 per share. The current price at that date was $0.085, which is less than the conversion price. The stock price
for our common stock as of September 30, 2015 was $0.40. Our common stock is thinly traded therefore our price, as management has
determined, is not indicative of our valuation. In October 2015, the Company issued common stock for services to unrelated parties
and the common stock was values at $0.20, therefore, the $0.20 was used for valuation purposes for this note. A beneficial conversion
feature of $5,000 was recorded and, as of March 31, 2016, $3,671 was amortized. The Company has recorded accrued interest of $467
as of June 30, 2016. On April 15, 2016, Mr. Perlowin converted the principal of this promissory note into 50,000 shares of common
stock (see Note 7). The accrued interest was not converted. 

Freedom Leaf, Inc.  

  (f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.)  

  Notes to Financial
Statements  

  June 30, 2016  

On August 12, 2015, the
Company executed a convertible promissory note for $5,000 with Bruce Perlowin. The note is for one year, 12% interest rate, and
convertible at $0.10 per share. The current price at that date was $0.10, which is less than the conversion price. The stock price
for our common stock as of September 30, 2015 was $0.40. Our common stock is thinly traded therefore our price, as management has
determined, is not indicative of our valuation. In October 2015, the Company issued common stock for services to unrelated parties
and the common stock was values at $0.20, therefore, the $0.20 was used for valuation purposes for this note. A beneficial conversion
feature of $5,000 was recorded and, as of March 31, 2016, $3,178 was amortized. The Company has recorded accrued interest of $408
as of June 30, 2016. On April 15, 2016, Mr. Perlowin converted the principal of this promissory note into 50,000 shares of common
stock (see Note 7). The accrued interest was not converted. 

On August 20, 2015, the
Company executed a convertible promissory note for $12,500 with Svetlana Ogorodnikova. The note matures on February 19, 2016, 12%
interest rate, and convertible at $0.10 per share. The current price at that date was $0.085, which is less than the conversion
price. The stock price for our common stock as of September 30, 2015 was $0.40. Our common stock is thinly traded therefore our
price, as management has determined, is not indicative of our valuation. In October 2015, the Company issued common stock for services
to unrelated parties and the common stock was values at $0.20, therefore, the $0.20 was used for valuation purposes for this note.
A beneficial conversion feature of $12,500 was recorded and, as of March 31, 2016, $12,500 was amortized. The Company has recorded
accrued interest of $986 as of June 30, 2016. On February 19, 2016, Ms. Ogorodnikova granted the Company an extension on the due
date to June 30, 2016. On April 15, 2016, Ms. Ogorodnikova converted the principal of this promissory note into 125,000 shares
of common stock (see Note 7). The accrued interest was not converted. 

On December 14, 2015,
the Company executed a convertible promissory note for $100,000 with Swiss Allied Trust, Inc. ( Swiss Allied ). The
note has two funding dates; December 14, 2015 and January 15, 2016, each for $50,000. On January 26, 2016, the Company received
$50,000 from Swiss Allied as the second tranche of the convertible promissory note. As of March 31, 2016, both tranches were received
by the Company. The term on each installment is for one year from the date of receipt of each tranche. Each installment is recorded
and presented separately. For the initial tranche of $50,000, the Company recorded a beneficial conversion feature of $50,000 and,
as of March 31, 2016, $14,795 was amortized. A beneficial conversion feature of $50,000 was recorded and, as of March 31, 2016,
$8,904 has been amortized. For the initial tranche, the Company has recorded accrued interest of $1,195 as of March 31, 2016. For
the second tranche, the Company has recorded accrued interest of $1,195 as of June 30, 2016. The beneficial conversion features
were calculated on the conversion price of $0.005, as further discussed below. The Company maintained the common stock to be valued
at $0.20, as discussed in prior notes, as the Company s common stock continues to be thinly traded. Additionally, the Company
issued Swiss Allied four warrants as an incentive to the note, each for 20,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock,
for a total of 80,000,000 warrants (see Note 4). Each warrant has an exercise price of $0.005 per share. 

The four warrants, each
for 20,000,000 shares of common stock, mature on March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016, October 31, 2016, and December 31, 2016, respectively.
If Swiss Allied exercises all warrants, the Company would receive an additional $400,000 for said shares of common stock. If Swiss
Allied does not exercise all 80,000,000 warrants, by the maturation dates, as described herein, the exercise price shall be adjusted
to $0.06, an increase of $0.055 per share as a penalty, which is payable to the Company at the time Swiss Allied requests to have
the Rule 144 restriction removed. The interest rate for each loan tranche is 8% and is accrued with a payment date of December
15, 2016 for the first tranche and January 15, 2017 for the second tranche. The conversion price for the $100,000, which may happen
any time prior to December 14, 2016, shall be the greater of $0.03 or 50% of the lowest closing price on the primary trading market
on which the Company s common stock is quoted for the five trading days immediately prior to, but not including, the conversion
date, assuming that Swiss Allied has not exercised all 80,000,000 warrants for common stock. The conversion price for the $100,000,
assuming that Swiss Allied has exercised all 80,000,000 warrants for common stock, shall be $0.005 per share. Swiss Allied has
a right of first refusal on any future funding to the Company. Swiss Allied has the right to name a party to serve as a member
of the Company s board of directors if Swiss Allied owns at least 40,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock.
If Swiss Allied owns at least 80,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, they have the right to name two parties to
the Company s board of directors. The two directors will remain as long as Swiss Allied owns 55,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock. As of March 31, 2016, Swiss Allied had not exercised the first warrant therefore, the warrant had expired as of said
date. On April 8, 2016, Swiss Allied converted warrants for 4,800,000 shares of common stock in exchange for $24,000. The Company
agreed to amend the obligations of Swiss Allied to accommodate the extension of the warrant until June 5, 2016. As of June 30, 2016, the warrant had expired. 

NOTE 7   STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

Series A Preferred
Stock   

On May 24, 2016,
the Board of Directors of the Company authorized amending the Company s Articles of Incorporation to authorize
10,000,000 shares of  blank check  preferred stock and designate 1,000,000 of the shares as Series A preferred
stock. Each share of the Series A preferred stock is entitled to 500 votes and is convertible into 100 shares of common
stock. 

Freedom Leaf, Inc.  

  (f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.)  

  Notes to Financial
Statements  

  June 30, 2016  

On May 25, 2016, Perry
converted 68,401,200 shares of common stock into 684,012 shares of Series A preferred stock. See Note 5. 

On May 25, 2016, Cowan
converted 26,401,000 shares of common stock into 264,010 shares of Series A preferred stock. See Note 5. 

Common Stock   

The Company was authorized
to issue up to 75,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share. On January 21, 2015, the Company increased it s
authorized to 500,000,000 shares of common stock. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote per share
on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. All shares of common stock are non-assessable and non-cumulative, with no pre-emptive
rights. 

On November 6, 2014,
the Company merged with Freedom Leaf, Inc., a private Nevada corporation (see Note 1). After the completion of the merger, there
were 173,401,200 shares of common stock issued, issuable and outstanding. 

On November 10, 2014,
the Company issued 780,000 shares of common stock to Vincent Moreno for consulting services from November 10, 2014 through April
10, 2015. The Company s stock is thinly traded therefore the valuation of the issuance was based on the value of the services,
which was $12,500. 

On October 12, 2015, the Company issued 1,700,000
shares of common stock to various employees as part of compensation. The current price at that date was $0.20. Our common stock
is thinly traded therefore our price, as management has determined, may not be indicative of our valuation. Previously, the Company
issued common stock for services to unrelated parties and the common stock was valued at $0.20, therefore, the stock was valued
at $0.20 or $340,000 was recorded. 

On October 12, 2015, the Company issued 2,000,000
shares of common stock to Raymond Medeiros, a director of the Company, for his past services. The current price at that date was
$0.20. Our common stock is thinly traded therefore our price, as management has determined, may not be indicative of our valuation.
Previously, the Company issued common stock for services to unrelated parties and the common stock was valued at $0.20, therefore,
the stock was valued at $0.20 or $400,000 was recorded. 

On October 12, 2015, the Company issued 3,000,000
shares of common stock to Raymond Medeiros, a director of the Company, for his future services. The issuance will vest over a period
of twelve months. The current price at that date was $0.20. Our common stock is thinly traded therefore our price, as management
has determined, may not be indicative of our valuation. Previously, the Company issued common stock for services to unrelated parties
and the common stock was valued at $0.20, therefore, the stock was valued at $0.20 or $600,000 was recorded. 

On October 12, 2015, the Company issued 2,010,000
shares of common stock to various subcontractors for their services. The current price at that date was $0.20. Our common stock
is thinly traded therefore our price, as management has determined, may not be indicative of our valuation. Previously, the Company
issued common stock for services to unrelated parties and the common stock was valued at $0.20, therefore, the stock was valued
at $0.20 or $402,000, was recorded. 

In October 2015, the Company issued 50,000
shares of common stock for services to unrelated parties and the common stock was valued at $0.20, therefore, the stock was valued
at $0.20 or $10,000, was recorded. 

On November 2, 2015, the Company issued 125,000
shares of common stock to various subcontractors for their services. The current price at that date was $0.45. Our common stock
is thinly traded therefore our price, as management has determined, may not be indicative of our valuation. 

On February 2, 2016, Dobrucki exercised a warrant
for 500,000 shares of common stock for $10,000, the exercise price of the warrants at $0.02 per share. 

On February 15, 2016, the Company issued 750,000
shares of common stock to various subcontractors for their services. The current price at that date was $0.227. Our common stock
is thinly traded therefore our price, as management has determined, may not be indicative of our valuation. Previously, the Company
issued common stock for services to unrelated parties and the common stock was valued at $0.20, therefore, the stock was valued
at $0.20, therefore, the issuance on was valued at $150,000, was recorded. 

On February 15, 2016, the Company issued 50,000
shares of common stock to an employee for their services. The current price at that date was $0.227. Our common stock is thinly
traded therefore our price, as management has determined, may not be indicative of our valuation. Previously, the Company issued
common stock for services to unrelated parties and the common stock was valued at $0.20, therefore, the stock was valued at $0.20
or $10,000, was recorded. 

On February 24, 2016, the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock to various subcontractors for their
services. The current price at that date was $0.227. Our common stock is thinly traded therefore our price, as management has determined,
may not be indicative of our valuation. Previously, the Company issued common stock for services to unrelated parties and the common
stock was valued at $0.20, therefore, the stock was valued at $0.20 or $20,000, was recorded. 

Freedom Leaf, Inc.  

  (f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.)  

  Notes to Financial
Statements  

  June 30, 2016  

On March 17, 2016, the
Company issued 50,000 shares of common stock to various subcontractors for their services. The current price at that date was $0.20.
Our common stock is thinly traded therefore our price, as management has determined, may not be indicative of our valuation. 

On March 18, 2016, the Company issued 10,000
shares of common stock to an employee for their services. The current price at that date was $0.20. Our common stock is thinly
traded therefore our price, as management has determined, may not be indicative of our valuation. In October 2015, the Company
issued common stock for services to unrelated parties and the common stock was valued at $0.20, therefore, the stock was valued
at $0.20 or $2,000, was recorded. As of June 30, 2016, the stock was not issued therefore recorded as issuable. 

On April 8, 2016, Swiss Allied exercised a
portion of a warrant for common stock into 400,000 shares of common stock of the Company in exchange for $24,000. As of June 30,
2016, the stock was not issued therefore recorded as issuable. 

On April 15, 2016, Bruce
Perlowin converted the principal ($5,000) of his promissory note into 50,000 shares of common stock (see Note 6). 

On April 15, 2016, Bruce
Perlowin converted the principal ($5,000) of his promissory note into 50,000 shares of common stock (see Note 6). 

On April 15, 2016, Svetlana
Ogorodnikova converted the principal ($12,500) of her promissory note into 125,000 shares of common stock (see Note 6). 

On May 2, 2016, Freedom
Leaf Iberia exercised a cashless conversion of its 1,000,000 warrants for common stock of the Company into 889,868 shares of common
stock of the Company. As of June 30, 2016, the stock was not issued therefore recorded as issuable. 

On May 2, 2016, Freedomleaf
Netherlands, b.v. exercised a cashless conversion of its 1,000,000 warrants for common stock of the Company into 889,868 shares
of common stock of the Company. As of June 30, 2016, the stock was not issued therefore recorded as issuable. 

On May 25, 2016, Perry
converted 68,401,200 shares of common stock into 684,012 shares of Series A preferred stock. See Note 5. 

On May 25, 2016, Cowan
converted 26,401,000 shares of common stock into 264,010 shares of Series A preferred stock. See Note 5. 

On June 30, 2016, Cowan
converted $225,892 of payables and accruals into 2,509,914 shares of common stock. The conversion was at a 50% discount or $0.09
per share. As of June 30, 2016, these shares had not been issued and were recorded as issuable. See Note 5. 

On June 30, 2016, the
Company determined that on February 15, 2016, there was a duplicate issuance to an entity, as they were already issued on October
12, 2015. The Company cancelled 200,000 shares on June 30, 2016, thereby reducing the stock-based compensation previously recorded
by $40,000. 

Warrants   

On November 2, 2015,
the Company issued 1,000,000 warrants for common stock to Freedom Leaf Iberia, in regards to a contemplated future transaction
between the Company and Freedom Leaf Iberia. The warrants mature on May 2, 2016. The exercise price is $0.02 and the warrant has
a cashless exercise option. The warrants were valued at $0.20 per share, as defined in the section. The Company recorded an expense
of $200,000. On May 2, 2016, Freedom Leaf Iberia exercised a cashless conversion of its 1,000,000 warrants for common stock of
the Company into 889,868 shares of common stock of the Company. 

On November 2, 2015,
the Company issued 1,000,000 warrants for common stock to Freedomleaf Netherlands, b.v., in regards to a contemplated future transaction
between the Company and Freedomleaf Netherlands, b.v. The warrants mature on May 2, 2016. The exercise price is $0.02 and the warrant
has a cashless exercise option. The warrants were valued at $0.20 per share, as defined in the section. The Company recorded an
expense of $200,000. On May 2, 2016, Freedomleaf Netherlands, b.v. exercised a cashless conversion of its 1,000,000 warrants for
common stock of the Company into 889,868 shares of common stock of the Company. 

On November 2, 2015,
the Company issued 500,000 warrants for common stock to a subcontractor as an incentive to their services. The warrants mature
on May 2, 2016. The exercise price is $0.02 and the warrant has a cashless exercise option. The warrants were valued at $0.20
per share, as defined in the section. The Company recorded an expense of $100,000. On February 2, 2016, Dobrucki exercised a warrant
for 500,000 shares of common stock for $10,000, the exercise price of the warrants at $0.02 per share. As of March 31, 2016, the
shares were not issued therefore they are recorded as issuable. 

Freedom Leaf, Inc.  

  (f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.)  

  Notes to Financial
Statements  

  June 30, 2016  

On December 14,
2015, the Company executed a convertible promissory note for $100,000 with Swiss Allied (see Note 3). The Company issued
Swiss Allied four warrants as an incentive to the note, each for 20,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, for a
total of 80,000,000 warrants. Each warrant has an exercise price of $0.005 per share. The four warrants, each for 20,000,000
shares of common stock, mature on March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016, October 31, 2016, and December 31, 2016, respectively. The
warrants, as an incentive to the note, should have a beneficial conversion feature. As the note s beneficial conversion
feature is at the maximum, there is no beneficial conversion feature to record. If Swiss Allied exercises all warrants, the
Company would receive an additional $400,000 for said shares of common stock. If Swiss Allied does not exercise all
80,000,000 warrants, by the maturation dates, as described herein, the exercise price shall be adjusted to $0.06, an increase
of $0.055 per share as a penalty, which is payable to the Company at the time Swiss Allied requests to have the Rule 144
restriction removed. The interest rate for each loan tranche is 8% and is accrued with a payment date of December 15, 2016
for the first tranche and January 15, 2017 for the second tranche. The conversion price for the $100,000, which may happen
any time prior to December 14, 2016, shall be the greater of $0.03 or 50% of the lowest closing price on the primary trading
market on which the Company s common stock is quoted for the five trading days immediately prior to, but not including,
the conversion date, assuming that Swiss Allied has not exercised all 80,000,000 warrants for common stock. The conversion
price for the $100,000, assuming that Swiss Allied has exercised all 80,000,000 warrants for common stock, shall be $0.005
per share. Swiss Allied has a right of first refusal on any future funding to the Company. Swiss Allied has the right to name
a party to serve as a member of the Company s board of directors if Swiss Allied owns at least 40,000,000 shares of the
Company s common stock. If Swiss Allied owns at least 80,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, they have
the right to name two parties to the Company s board of directors. The two directors will remain as long as Swiss
Allied owns 55,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. See Note 7 for amendment on the warrant that matured on
March 31, 2016. 

Stock Option Plan  

On June 27, 2016, the
Board of Directors approved the 2016 Stock Option Plan which has reserved 10,000,000 shares of common stock. 

NOTE 8   INCOME TAX  

For the fiscal year 2015
and 2014, there was no provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets have been entirely offset by valuation allowances. 

As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company
has net operating loss carry forwards of $3,195,067 and $986,649, respectively. The carry forwards expire through the year 2034.
The Company s net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to annual limitations, which could reduce or defer the utilization
of the losses as a result of an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

The Company s tax expense differs from
the  expected  tax expense for Federal income tax purposes (computed by applying the United States Federal tax rate
of 34% to loss before taxes), as follows: 

The tax effects of the
temporary differences between reportable financial statement income and taxable income are recognized as deferred tax assets and
liabilities. 

The tax years 2014 through 2016 remain
to examination by federal agencies and other jurisdictions in which it operates. 

Freedom Leaf, Inc.  

  (f/k/a Arkadia International,
Inc.)  

  Notes to Financial
Statements  

  June 30, 2016  

The tax effect of significant
components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities at June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are as follows: 

In assessing the realizability
of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income
during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred
tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. 

Because of the historical earnings history
of the Company, the net deferred tax assets for 2016 were fully offset by a 100% valuation allowance. The valuation allowance
for the remaining net deferred tax assets was $1,980,163 and $375,515 as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 9   CONCENTRATIONS  

Concentration of Credit
Risk  

Financial instruments,
which potentially subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk, consist principally of temporary cash investments. 

The Company places its
temporary cash investments with financial institutions insured by the FDIC. No amounts exceeded federally insured limits as of
June 30, 2016. There have been no losses in these accounts through June 30, 2016. 

Concentration of
Revenue  

In 2016, the Company had one customer that
made up 12% or more of its revenue. In 2015, the Company had one customer that made up 12% or more of its revenue. 

Concentration of Supplier  

The Company does not rely on any particular
suppliers for its services. 

Concentration of Intellectual
Property  

The Company owns or has
filed for the trademarks  Freedom Leaf,   Hemp Inspired,   Cannabizu,  and  Cannabiz 
as filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The Company has filed for  Freedom Leaf  in Jamaica and
Uruguay. 

NOTE 10   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On July 1, 2016, the Company hired an employee
and, as a condition of the employment contract, the Company is obligated to issue 500,000 shares of common stock to the employee.
The shares will be expensed accordingly. 

On July 19, 2016, the Company issued 100,000
shares of common stock to its transfer agent, Globex Transfer, LLC. 

On July 21, 2016, the Company issued 1,385,000
shares of previously issuable common stock.  

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  

On August 8,
2014, Thomas Ralston Certified Public Accountant ( Ralston ) declined to stand for appointment as the Company s
independent accountant. Ralston s report on the financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2014, and 2013, contained
no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as to audit scope or accounting, except that the
report contained an explanatory paragraph stating that there was substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Our Board of Directors participated in and approved the decision to change independent accountants. Through
the period covered by the financial review of financial statements of the quarterly period June 30, 2014, there have been no disagreements
with Ralston on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure,
which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Ralston, would have caused them to make reference thereto in their
report on the financial statements. Through the interim period August 8, 2014 (the date of resignation of the former accountant),
there have been no disagreements with Ralston on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure,
or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of Ralston would have caused them
to make reference thereto in their report on the financial statements. 

On January
15, 2015 the Company engaged Weinberg   Baer Certified Public Accountants ( Weinberg ) as our independent accountants
for the period ending September 30, 2014. The Board made the decision to engage Weinberg acting under authority delegated to it
and the Board of Directors approved the same on January 14, 2015. During the years ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, and prior to January
15, 2015 (the date of the new engagement), we did not consult with Weinberg regarding (i) the application of accounting principles
to a specified transaction, (ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements by
Weinberg, in either case where  written or oral advice provided by Weinberg would be an important factor considered by us
in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issues or (iii) any other matter that was the subject
of a disagreement between us and our former auditor or was a reportable event (as described in Items 304(a)(1)(iv) or Item 304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K, respectively. On May 4, 2015, Weinberg was dismissed as the Company s independent accountant. Weinberg
has no issued a report on the financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2014 and 2013. These year ends were audited by
Ralston and contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as to audit scope or accounting,
except that the report contained an explanatory paragraph stating that there was substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Our Board of Directors participated in and approved the decision to change independent accountants.
Through the period covered by the financial review of financial statements of the quarterly period December 31, 2014, there have
been no disagreements with Weinberg on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing
scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Weinberg, would have caused them to make reference
thereto in their report on the financial statements. Through the interim period May 4, 2015 (the date of dismissal of the former
accountant), there have been no disagreements with Weinberg on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement
disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of Weinberg would have
caused them to make reference thereto in their report on the financial statements. 

On May 4, 2015 the Company
engaged Green   Company, CPAs ( Green ) of Tampa, Florida, as its new registered independent public accountant.
During the years ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, and prior to May 4, 2015 (the date of the new engagement), we did not consult with
Green regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, (ii) the type of audit opinion that might
be rendered on the Company s financial statements by Green, in either case where  written or oral advice provided by
Green would be an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting
issues or (iii) any other matter that was the subject of a disagreement between us and our former auditor or was a reportable event
(as described in Items 304(a)(1)(iv) or Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, respectively). 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.  

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting  

Management of the Company is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of the CEO to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal controls over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records which in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and disposition of the Company s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer;
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination
of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

In evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, management used the criteria established in the Internal Control
  Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ).
Based on the criteria established by COSO, management (with the participation of the CEO) identified the following material weaknesses
in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, which arose from the limited number of number
of staff at the Company and the inability to achieve proper segregation of duties: 

The Company lacked effective controls
for ensuring the accuracy of reporting over significant account balances, including the review, approval, and documentation of
related transactions and account reconciliations and other complex accounting procedures. 

The Company lacked effective controls because their directors
are not independent. 

As a result of these material weaknesses, management
concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, based on the
criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.  Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Security and Exchange Commission
that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

Except as set forth above, there were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls  

The Company s management, including the
CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will
prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of the control system must
reflect that there are resource constraints and that the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of controls. The design of any system of controls
is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness
to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration
in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

Item 9B. Other Information.  

None. 

PART III  

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance.  

The following table sets
forth information with respect to persons who are serving as directors and officers of the Company. Each director holds
office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until his successor has been elected and qualified. 

Name  
       
      Age  
       
      Position   

Clifford J. Perry  
       
      63  
       
      Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director (1)   
 
      Richard C. Cowan  
       
      76  
       
      Director (2)   
 
      Raymond P. Medeiros  
       
      67  
       
      Director (3)   

Biographies of Directors and Officers  

The following is a brief
account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive officer and key
employee of our company, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business
of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out. 

Clifford J. Perry
  Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director   

Mr. Perry, co-founder,
chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and director, has an extensive entrepreneurial background owning a number of
Master Franchise operations with major franchisors, such as The Crab House and Cinnabon. He also took a real estate seminar company
from $0 in revenue to over $3 million in gross revenues within one year. In 2009, for that year only, he was Executive Vice President
of Business Development for the first U.S. public company in the Marijuana Industry, Medical Marijuana, Inc. (MJNA). He created
the first revenue source for Medical Marijuana, Inc., utilizing his expertise in educational training seminars, branding,
licensing and event planning to develop and produce the  National Medical Marijuana Educational Expo.  Mr. Perry
has been consulting to companies in this space since 2009.  Mr. Perry has, over his business career, been either a consultant
or a principle, involved in Franchising, Licensing, Network Marketing, Trademark, Copyright   Patents, Print, Indoor/Outdoor/Digital
Advertising, Telephony, Hotel, Resort, Restaurant, Hospitality, Nightclub, Event Production, Concert Promotion, Video   Film
Production, Business Aviation, Luxury and High Performance Auto Restoration, Oil   Gas, Mining, Shipping, Counter Trade, Traditional,
Alternative   Complimentary Healthcare, Non-Profit Fundraising. 

Richard C. Cowan
- Director   

Mr. Cowan is a renowned
activist, published writer and former National Director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML);
is a current Board Member of The Marijuana News; and Co-Founder of Freedom Leaf, Inc. He worked with Cannabis Science, Inc.
(CBIS) from 2009 until he retired in 2014. In 2015, Mr. Cowan was recently reappointed to the Board of NORML and is internationally
active in the cannabis legalization movement. Mr. Cowan holds a B.A. in Economics from Yale University. 

Raymond P. Mederios
- Director   

Raymond P.
Mederios, 66, director, is an experienced entrepreneur and marketing executive, has focused on successfully investing in
the turnaround of financially troubled companies and has founded several start-up companies. Mr. Medeiros has managed
many facets of operating a successful business including: operations, finance, human relations, sales and marketing in
retail, import, manufacturing, hospitality, financial services and computer technology. Mr. Mederios was involved with Runco
International (www.runco.com), a high technology consumer manufacturer, as a Senior Executive for nearly eight years. Mr.
Medeiros reported to, and worked with, the CEO, to develop company strategy and manage IT. Additionally, he advised the
Vice President of Marketing, and had oversight over the finance and legal operations. The company was sold to a public
company, Planar Systems, Inc. In 1992, Medeiros founded NewGate Internet, a pioneer Internet company, which was one
of the first companies to market on the Internet and effectively assisted companies, such as the Gap and LEGO, to use
the Internet to brand themselves. NewGate was recognized as an industry leader in paid search for online retailers. In
2006, it was sold to iCrossing (www.icrossing.com), a Hearst Corporation. Over the past 40 years, Mr. Medeiros has
worked with a number of non-profit organizations as a volunteer and/or board member. In 2012, he founded a new
non-profit called Business Cares to match non-profits with businesses developing creative projects that benefit
both organizations: raising funds for the non-profit and goodwill for the business. He holds a BS in Business Administration
with an emphasis in Marketing from Kent State University. 

There are no family relationships among any
of our directors and executive officers. 

Our directors are elected
at the annual meeting of the shareholders, with vacancies filled by the Board of Directors, and serve until their successors are
elected and qualified, or their earlier resignation or removal. Officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the
discretion of the board of directors or until their earlier resignation or removal. Any action required can be taken at any annual
or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation which may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a
vote, if consent of consents in writing setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding stock
having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which
all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered
office, its principle place of business, or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which the proceedings
of meetings are recorded. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers  

Nevada Corporation Law
allows for the indemnification of officers, directors, and any corporate agents in terms sufficiently broad to indemnify such persons
under certain circumstances for liabilities, including reimbursement for expenses, incurred arising under the 1933 Act. The Bylaws
of the Company provide that the Company will indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted
by law and such right to indemnification will continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Company
and will inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and Consultants; provided, however, that, except for proceedings to
enforce rights to indemnification, the Company will not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer in connection with a
proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors.
The right to indemnification conferred will include the right to be paid by the Company the expenses (including attorney s
fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition. 

The Company may, to the
extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses
to employees and agents of the Company similar to those conferred to directors and officers of the Company. The rights to indemnification
and to the advancement of expenses are subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act to the extent applicable. 

Furthermore, the Company
may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or another
company against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against
such expense, liability or loss under the Nevada General Corporation Law. 

Director Compensation  

During the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not have an independent director. Directors that were employees were not paid any fees for
their role as director. 

Involvement on Certain
Material Legal Proceedings During the Last Five Years 

No director, officer,
significant employee or consultant has been convicted in a criminal proceeding, exclusive of traffic violations. 

No bankruptcy petitions
have been filed by or against any business or property of any director, officer, significant employee or consultant of the Company
nor has any bankruptcy petition been filed against a partnership or business association where these persons were general partners
or executive officers. 

No director, officer,
significant employee or consultant has been permanently or temporarily enjoined, barred, suspended or otherwise limited from involvement
in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

No director, officer
or significant employee has been convicted of violating a federal or state securities or commodities law. 

Directors  and Officers  Liability
Insurance  

Freedom Leaf does not
have directors  and officers  liability insurance insuring our directors and officers against liability for acts or
omissions in their capacities as directors or officers. 

Code of Ethics  

We intend to adopt a
code of ethics that applies to our officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer and principal accounting
officer, but have not done so to date due to our relatively small size. We intend to adopt a written code of ethics in the near
future. 

Corporate Governance
  Board Independence  

Our Board of Directors
consists of three directors and has not established a Nominating or Governance Committees as standing committees. The Board does
not have an executive committee or any committees performing a similar function. We are not currently listed on a national securities
exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system that has requirements that a majority of the board of directors be independent. 

Due to our lack of operations
and size, and since we are not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we are not subject to any listing requirements
mandating the establishment of any particular committees; all functions of a nominating/governance committee were performed by
our whole board of directors. Our board of directors intends to appoint such persons and form such committees as are required to
meet the corporate governance requirements imposed by the national securities exchanges as necessary. Our board of directors does
not believe that it is necessary to have such committees at the early stage of the company s development, and our board of
directors believes that the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the members of our board of directors. 

We believe that members
of our board of directors are capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls
and procedures for financial reporting. We believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an  audit committee
financial expert  would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of
our development and the fact that we have not generated any material revenues to date. 

Board Leadership Structure
and the Board s Role in Risk Oversight.  

The Board of Directors
is led by the Chairman who is also the Chief Executive Officer. Although our sole officer is also one of our directors, the Board
believes that the most effective leadership structure at this time is not to separate the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer. A combined structure provides the Company with a single leader who represents the company to our stockholders, regulators,
business partners and other stakeholders, among other reasons set forth below. 

This structure creates efficiency in the preparation of the meeting agendas and related Board materials as the Company s Chief Executive Officer works directly with those individuals preparing the necessary Board materials and is more connected to the overall daily operations of the Company. Agendas are also prepared with the permitted input of the full Board of Directors allowing for any concerns or risks of any individual director to be discussed as deemed appropriate. The Board believes that the Company has benefited from this structure, and Mr. Perry's continuation in the combined role of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is in the best interest of the stockholders.   

The Company believes that the combined structure is necessary and allows for efficient and effective oversight, given the Company s relatively small size, its corporate strategy and focus.   

The Board of Directors
does not have a specific role in risk oversight of the Company. The Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and other executive
officers and employees of the Company provide the Board of Directors with information regarding the Company s risks. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation.  

The table below sets
forth, for our last two fiscal years, the compensation earned by Clifford J. Perry, our director (from November 6, 2014 through
June 30, 2016) and as our chief executive officer and chief financial officer (from March 1, 2015 through June 30, 2016), Richard
C. Cowan, our director (from November 6, 2014 through June 30, 2016) and as our former chief executive officer and chief financial
officer (from November 6, 2014 through February 28, 2015), and Raymond P. Medeiros, our director (from January 22, 2015 through
June 30, 2016). The Company has not executed any employment agreements with any executive. 

Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  

The following table sets
forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock (and preferred stock) as of June 30, 2016,
for (i) each person or entity who, to our knowledge, beneficially owns more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each executive officer
and named officer; (iii) each director; and (iv) all of our officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated in the
footnotes to the following table, each of the stockholders named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect
to the shares of our common stock beneficially owned. Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the stockholders listed
below is: c/o 3571 E. Sunset Road, Suite 420, Las Vegas, Nevada 89120. 

(1) 
     Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes
voting or investment power with respect to securities.  Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership
of and sole voting power and investment power to the shares of the Company's common stock.  

(2) 
     As of June 30, 2016, a total of 94,538,650 shares of the Company's common stock are considered to be outstanding (includes issuable)
pursuant to SEC Rule 13d-3(d)(1). For each Beneficial Owner listed, any options exercisable within 60 days have been
also included for purposes of calculating their percent of class.  

(3) 
     Director and former officer.  

(4) 
     Director and officer.  

Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  

Transactions with Related Persons  

Richard C. Cowan ( Cowan ),
Director and former officer of the Company, has payables and accruals due to him of $100,000 and $194,355 as of June 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. 

Clifford J. Perry ( Perry ),
chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and director of the Company, has payables and accruals due to him of $26,250
and $26,666 as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Raymond P. Medeiros ( Medeiros ),
a director of the Company, has payables and accruals due to him of $10,500 and $0 as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

A shareholder of the
Company is owed $10,000 as of June 30, 2016. 

On May 25, 2016, Perry
converted 68,401,200 shares of common stock into 684,012 shares of Series A preferred stock. 

On May 25, 2016, Cowan
converted 26,401,000 shares of common stock into 264,010 shares of Series A preferred stock. 

On June 30, 2016, Cowan
converted $225,892 of payables and accruals into 2,509,914 shares of common stock. The conversion was at a 50% discount or $0.09
per share. As of June 30, 2016, these shares had not been issued and were recorded as issuable. 

Director Independence  

We currently do not have
any independent directors, as the term  independent  is defined in Section 803A of the NYSE Amex LLC Company Guide.
Since the Over the Counter Pink ( OTCPK ) does not have rules regarding director independence, the Board makes its
determination as to director independence based on the definition of  independence  as defined under the rules of the
New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) and American Stock Exchange ( Amex ). 

Item 14. Principal Accounting
Fees and Services.  

The following table sets
forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants, Green   Company CPA s for 2015, for the categories of
services indicated. 

On August
8, 2014, Thomas Ralston Certified Public Accountant ( Ralston ) declined to stand for appointment as the Company s
independent accountant. Ralston s report on the financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, contained
no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as to audit scope or accounting, except that the
report contained an explanatory paragraph stating that there was substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

On January 15, 2015 the Company engaged
Weinberg   Baer Certified Public Accountants ( Weinberg ) as our independent accountants for the period ending
September 30, 2014. On May 4, 2015, Weinberg was dismissed as the Company s independent accountant. Weinberg has not issued
a report on the financial statements. These year ends were audited by Ralston and contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of
opinion and was not qualified or modified as to audit scope or accounting, except that the report contained an explanatory paragraph
stating that there was substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

On May 4, 2015 the Company engaged Green   Company, CPAs ( Green ) of Tampa, Florida, as its
new registered independent public accountant. During the year ended June 30, 2015, and prior to May 4, 2015 (the date of the new
engagement), we did not consult with Green regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, (ii)
the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements by Green, in either case where  written
or oral advice provided by Green would be an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing
or financial reporting issues or (iii) any other matter that was the subject of a disagreement between us and our former auditor
or was a reportable event (as described in Items 304(a)(1)(iv) or Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, respectively). 

Audit fees.   Consists
of fees billed for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our interim financial information and services that
are normally provided by the accountant in connection with year-end and quarter-end statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-related fees. 
 Consists of fees billed for services relating to review of other regulatory filings including registration statements, periodic
reports and audit related consulting. 

Tax fees.  Consists
of professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

Other fees.   Other
services provided by our accountants. 

PART IV  

Item 15.   Exhibits,
Financial Statement Schedules.  

Exhibits  

See the Exhibit Index following the signature
page of this Registration Statement, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

__________ 

 (1) Filed herewith 

Financial Statement Schedules  

None. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

/s/ Clifford J. Perry   
       
     October 7,
    2016  
 
      Clifford J. Perry, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer  
       
      Date   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Richard C. Cowan   
       
     October 7,
    2016  
 
      Richard C. Cowan, Director  
       
      Date   

/s/ Clifford J. Perry   
       
     October 7,
    2016  
 
      Clifford J. Perry, Director  
       
      Date   

/s/ Raymond P. Medeiros   
       
     October 7,
    2016  
 
      Raymond P. Medeiros, Director  
       
      Date   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 frlf_10k-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Clifford J. Perry,
certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Freedom Leaf, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)    
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)    
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)    
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)    
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)    
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)    
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October
7, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Clifford J. Perry   

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 frlf_10k-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Clifford J. Perry,
certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Freedom Leaf, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)    
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)    
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)    
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)    
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)     
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)     
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October
7, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Clifford J. Perry   

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 frlf_10k-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF  

  PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Clifford J. Perry,
Chief Executive Officer of Freedom Leaf, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(2)     
      the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: October
7, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Clifford J. Perry   

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 frlf_10k-ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF  

  PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Clifford J. Perry,
Chief Financial Officer of Freedom Leaf, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(2)     
      the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: October
7, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Clifford J. Perry   

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 12
 frlf-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 frlf-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 frlf-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 frlf-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 frlf-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 frlf-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

