<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161005_10-Q_edgar_data_841360_0001086380-16-000022_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>189611</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>64469</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>97816</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>6</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001086380-16-000022.hdr.sgml : 20161005
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161004191312
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001086380-16-000022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161005
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161004

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Insulcrete, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000841360
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MORTGAGE BANKERS & LOAN CORRESPONDENTS [6162]
		IRS NUMBER:				330338441
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18719
		FILM NUMBER:		161920853

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		706 ORCHID DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE D
		CITY:			BAKERSFIELD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93308-5689
		BUSINESS PHONE:		661-392-7982

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		706 ORCHID DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE D
		CITY:			BAKERSFIELD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93308-5689

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUN HARBOR FINANCIAL RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001086380-16-000022.txt : 20161005

10-Q
 1
 insq0616.htm

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C.  20549  

FORM 10-Q   

(Mark One)  

[X]   
 
   QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016   

OR   

[ ]   
 
   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the transition period from          N/A           to                                  

Commission file number:  033-27508-LA   

Insulcrete, Inc. 
   (Exact Name of the Registrant as specified in Its Charter)   

Delaware    
(State or Other Jurisdiction of  
Incorporation or Organization)   

33-0338441    
(I.R.S. Employer  
Identification No.)   

706 Orchid Drive, Unit D, Bakersfield, California  93308 
   (Address of principal executive office)   

(661) 392-7982    
Issuer's telephone number, including area code   

(Former Name, Former Address, and Former Fiscal Year, 
If Changed Since Last Report)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

Yes  [X]    No [  ]     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

Yes  [    ]    No  [X]      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  
 
  [  ]  

Accelerated filer  
 
  [  ]  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
  [  ]  

Smaller reporting company  
 
  [ X]   

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

Yes  [X]    No [   ]      

APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  

On June 30, 2016, 54,000 shares of the issuer's common stock were outstanding.  

Insulcrete, Inc. 
    
   TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page  
Number   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
 
   Financial Statements   

Condensed Balance Sheets 
   June 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
 
   F 1   

Condensed Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
   Three Months Ended June 30, 2016 (unaudited) 
   and Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 (unaudited) 
   and Six Months Ended June 30, 2016 (unaudited) 
   and Six Months Ended June 30, 2015   
 
   F 2   

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
   Six Months Ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015   
 
   F 3   

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)   
 
   F 4   

Item 2.   
 
   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition  
and Results of Operations   
 
   12   

Item 3.   
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
 
   14   

Item 4.   
 
   Controls and Procedures   
 
   15   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
 
   Legal Proceedings   
 
   17   

Item 1A.   
 
   Risk Factors   

Item 2.   
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 
   17   

Item 3.   
 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
 
   18   

Item 4.   
 
   [Not Applicable]   
 
   18   

Item 5.   
 
   Other Information   
 
   18   

Item 6.   
 
   Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K   
 
   18   

i   

Part I.  Financial Information 
  Available Information 
   
           Information about our Company is available from the Company at the address shown on the first page of this Report. We are obligated to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. These reports include annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports, each of which is provided on our website after we electronically file such materials with or furnish them to the SEC. You can also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1.800.SEC.0330. In addition, the SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 
  
  MATTER OF FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
   
 THIS FORM 10-Q CONTAINS "FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS" THAT CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING WORDS SUCH AS "BELIEVES," "EXPECTS," "MAY," "WILL," "SHOULD," OR "ANTICIPATES," OR THE NEGATIVE OF THESE WORDS OR OTHER VARIATIONS OF THESE WORDS OR COMPARABLE WORDS, OR BY DISCUSSIONS OF PLANS OR STRATEGY THAT INVOLVE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES.  MANAGEMENT WISHES TO CAUTION THE READER THAT THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, INCLUDING,  BUT NOT LIMITED TO, STATEMENTS REGARDING THE COMPANY'S MARKETING PLANS, GOALS, COMPETITIVE AND TECHNOLOGY TRENDS AND OTHER MATTERS THAT ARE NOT HISTORICAL FACTS ARE ONLY PREDICTIONS.  NO ASSURANCES CAN BE GIVEN THAT SUCH PREDICTIONS WILL PROVE CORRECT OR THAT THE ANTICIPATED FUTURE RESULTS WILL BE ACHIEVED.  ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY EITHER BECAUSE ONE OR MORE PREDICTIONS PROVE TO BE ERRONEOUS OR AS A RESULT OF OTHER RISKS FACING THE COMPANY. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS SHOULD BE READ IN LIGHT OF THE CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS AND IMPORTANT FACTORS DESCRIBED IN THIS FORM 10-Q FOR INSULCRETE, INC., INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO "THE FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS" SHOWN AS ITEM 1A AND IN MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. THE RISKS INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO, THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH AN INSOLVENT EARLY-STAGE COMPANY THAT HAS ONLY A LIMITED HISTORY OF OPERATIONS, THE COMPARATIVELY LIMITED FINANCIAL RESOURCES OF THE COMPANY, THE INTENSE COMPETITION THE COMPANY FACES FROM OTHER ESTABLISHED COMPETITORS, TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGES THAT MAY LIMIT THE ABILITY OF THE COMPANY TO MARKET AND SELL ITS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES  OR ADVERSELY IMPACT THE PRICING OF THESE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, AND MANAGEMENT THAT HAS ONLY LIMITED EXPERIENCE IN DEVELOPING SYSTEMS AND MANAGEMENT PRACTICES.  ANY ONE OR MORE OF THESE OR OTHER RISKS COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THE FUTURE RESULTS INDICATED, EXPRESSED, OR IMPLIED IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.  WE UNDERTAKE NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT TO REFLECT EVENTS, CIRCUMSTANCES, OR NEW INFORMATION AFTER THE DATE OF THIS FORM 10-Q OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF UNANTICIPATED OR OTHER SUBSEQUENT EVENTS. 
    
 Item 1.  Financial Statements 
  
            See F-1 
  1   

KLJ  

KLJ  

Associates, LLP   

CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  
 To the Board of Directors of 
Insulcrete, Inc.  
   
 We have reviewed the accompanying balance sheet of Insulcrete, Inc. as of June 30, 2016, and the related statements of operations, and cash flows for the three and six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. 
 We conducted our review in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures to financial data and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. 
 Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the financial statements referred to above for them to be in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. Because of the Company's current status and limited operations there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to its current status are also described in Note 4. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
     
    /s/ KLJ   Associates  LLP 
  KLJ   Associates, LLP 
October 4, 2016  
Edina, MN 

5201Eden Avenue 
Suite 300 
Edina, Minnesota  55436 
630.277.2330 
  2   

See Notes to Financial Statements. 
   
 F - 1 
3   

INSULCRETE, INC. 
Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited)  

See Notes to Financial Statements. 
   
 F - 2 
4   

INSULCRETE, INC. 
Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)  

See Notes to Financial Statements. 
   
 F - 3 
5   

INSULCRETE, INC. 
Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited) 
As of June 30, 2016 
    
   NOTE 1.  ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
  
  Insulcrete, Inc (the Company) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on May 3, 1988. 
  
   Business Services Prior to June 30, 1995 
    
 Prior to June 30, 1995, we had three wholly-owned subsidiary corporations, Sun Harbor Mortgage, Inc. ("SHMI"), Peninsula Funding Corporation ("PFC") and Sun Harbor Leasing, Inc. ("SHLI"). SHMI, PFC and SHLI are California corporations. SHMI was a Mortgage Banking and Brokerage firm, PFC was a Trustee corporation and SHLI offers vehicle leasing services. Through its operating subsidiaries, we had seven business services: (1) Equity Lending; (2) Loan Servicing (3) Residential Mortgage Banking Services; (4) Commercial Loan Brokering Services; (5) Re-conveyance and Trustee Fee Services; (6) Escrow Services; and (7) Vehicle Leasing Services. 
  
   Current Plan of Operation 
    
 In this context, we may, if circumstances allow, undertake efforts to become involved in the residential housing industry or, otherwise remain, pending the approval of our shareholders, a "clean public shell" and thereby seek to either merge with or acquire an operating company with operating history and assets or, in the alternative, we may undertake efforts to become involved in the residential housing industry. The exact form and nature of any investment or activity that we may undertake in any industry has not yet been determined. 
   
  NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
   
  a.    Basis of Accounting 
    
 The Company's financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected a December 31, year-end.  
  
   b.   Interim Financial Statements 
    
 The accompanying interim unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.  In our opinion, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.  Operating results for the six month period ended June 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, refer to the financial statements and footnotes thereto included in our Form 10-K Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 
  
   c.   Use of Estimates 
    
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related to the useful life and valuation of long-lived assets and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from the Company's estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be affected. 
  
   d.   Basic Earnings per Share 
    
 The basic earnings (loss) per share are calculated by dividing the Company's net income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during the year. The diluted earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. 
  
 Because the Company does not have any potentially dilutive securities, the accompanying presentation is only of basic loss per share. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are the same as basic earnings (loss) per share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company. 
  
   e.   Cash Equivalents 
    
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 
    F - 4 
6   

INSULCRETE, INC. 
Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited) 
As of June 30, 2016 
     
  NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 
    
   f.   Stock Based Compensation 
    
 We follow ASC 718-10, "Stock Compensation", which addresses the accounting for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services, with a primary focus on transactions in which an entity obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions.  ASC 718-10 is a revision to SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," and supersedes Accounting Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," and its related implementation guidance.  SC 718-10 requires measurement of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award (with limited exceptions).  Incremental compensation costs arising from subsequent modifications of awards after the grant date must be recognized.  The Company has not adopted a stock option plan and has not granted any stock options.  The Company granted stock awards, at par value, to its officers, directors and advisors for services rendered in its formation.  Accordingly, stock-based compensation has been recorded to date. 
  
   g.   Income Taxes 
    
 The Company recognizes deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company's financial statements or tax returns using the liability method. Under this method, deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted rates in effect in the years during which the differences are expected to reverse and upon the possible realization of net operating loss carry-forwards. Additionally, the Company has not recognized any amount for a tax position taken or expected to be taken on its tax return, or for any interest or penalties. 
  
   h.   Revenue Recognition: 
    
 The Company uses the accrual method of accounting. Under this method, revenues are recognized when earned and expenses are recorded when incurred. 
  
   i.   Fixed Assets: 
    
 Fixed Assets are recorded at their cost of acquisition 
  
   j.  New Accounting Pronouncements: 
    
 In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-10,   Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Requirements   The objective of the amendments in this Update is to improve financial reporting by reducing the cost and complexity associated with the incremental reporting requirements for development stage entities. Users of financial statements of development stage entities told the Board that the development stage entity distinction, the inception-to-date information, and certain other disclosures currently required under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the financial statements of development stage entities provide information that has limited relevance and is generally not decision useful. As a result, the amendments in this Update remove all incremental financial reporting requirements from U.S. GAAP for development stage entities, thereby improving financial reporting by eliminating the cost and complexity associated with providing that information. The Company has elected to early adopt these amendments and accordingly have not labeled the financial statements as those of a development stage entity and have not presented inception-to-date information on the respective financial statements. 
  
 In August 2014, the FASB  issued  ASU 2014-15   Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern   (Subtopic 205-40) Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  . Under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), continuation of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as the basis for preparing financial statements unless and until the entity's liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this presumption is commonly referred to as the going concern basis of accounting. If and when an entity's liquidation becomes imminent, financial statements should be prepared under the liquidation basis of accounting in accordance with Subtopic 205-30, Presentation of Financial Statements-Liquidation Basis of Accounting. 
  
 In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01   Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20) Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items .  This update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Subtopic225-20, Income Statement-Extraordinary and Unusual Items, required that an entity separately classify, present, and disclose extraordinary events and transactions. 
  
 Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying condensed financial statements. 
    F - 5 
7   

INSULCRETE, INC. 
Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited) 
As of June 30, 2016 
     
    NOTE 3.  WARRANTS AND OPTIONS 
  
 There are no warrants or options outstanding to acquire any additional shares of common. 
   
  NOTE 4.  GOING CONCERN 
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.  The Company generated net losses of $565,688 during the period from May 3, 1988 (inception) to June 30, 2016. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The Company's continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to meet its obligations, to obtain additional financing as may be required and ultimately to attain profitability.  The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
   
    Management plans to raise additional funds through debt or equity offerings.  There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise any capital through any type of offerings. 
     
 NOTE 5.  LAND 

Land acquired per NOTE 6 consists of a .20 acre lot in a residential mobile home park in Indio, California. Improvements to the property include city utilities, landscaping and a concrete pad to accommodate a mobile home. The Land was acquired in exchange for the Company's issuance of 180 shares of our newly designated Series D Preferred Stock. 

F - 6 
8   

INSULCRETE, INC. 
Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited) 
As of June 30, 2016 
     
    NOTE 6.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION 
    
 On October 14, 2014, the Company acquired .20 acres of land in a residential development located at 80501 Avenue 48, #59, Indio, California 92201. The Land, which has an appraised value of $180,000 (as of June 25, 2014) was acquired from International Credit Bureau, Inc. ( ICBI ), a Nevada corporation. ICBI is an affiliate of the Company. The Real Property was acquired in exchange for the Company's issuance of 180 shares of our newly designated Series D Preferred Stock. 
  
 A director provides office services without charge.  Such costs are immaterial to the financial statements and accordingly, have not been reflected therein.  The officers and directors of the Company are involved in other business activities and may, in the future, become involved in other business opportunities as they become available, such persons may face a conflict in selecting between the Company and their other business interests.  The Company has not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts. 
  
 As of June 30, 2016 the Company has a note payable due to ICBC in the amount of $297,252.  This is an unsecured loan with an interest rate of 3%.  Total interest recorded for the period ended June 30, 2016 was $4,431. As of June 30, 2016 accrued interest expense is $55,070. 
     
 NOTE 7.  INCOME TAXES 

Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient future taxable income uring the period that deductible temporary differences and carryforwards are expected to be available to reduce taxable income.  As the achievement of required future taxable income is uncertain, the Company recorded a valuation allowance. 
    F - 7 
9   

INSULCRETE, INC. 
Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited) 
As of June 30, 2016 
     
    NOTE 8.  PREFERRED STOCK 
  
   Preferred stock, $ 0.01 par value: 5,000,000 shares authorized. 
      Series  B  Preferred stock, 900,000 shares authorized, 334,000 shares issued and outstanding 
      Series  D  Preferred stock, 500 shares authorized, 180 shares issued and outstanding 
  
 On October 14, 2014, the Company designated 500 of the Company's authorized preferred stock (par value $0.01 as series  D  Preferred Stock and issued 180 shares of series  D  Preferred Stock to an affiliate of the Company to acquire certain real property located in Indio, California. 
  
 In general, the Series D Preferred Stock has the following rights and privileges: (1) no voting rights, (2) rights to receive dividends solely in the form of shares of our Common Stock in the amount of 1,200 shares of our Common Stock as an annual dividend per year; (3) liquidation rights of $1,200.00 per share; (4) no right to convert the Preferred Stock into shares of our Common Stock; (5) a redemption right exercisable no later than July 15, 2016; (6) a right to preclude us from undertaking any sale, transfer, or encumbrance of the Real Property; and (7) certain default rights upon the occurrence or the reasonable belief of the later occurrence of any one or more Events of Default such as an "Encumbrance Event," an "Insolvency Event," or a "Change of Control Event." 
  
  Subject to the Default Rights granted to the holder of the Series D Preferred Stock hereunder, the Company shall have the right to call and redeem the Series D Preferred Shares at any time after issuance  but no later than  July 15, 2016 provided that the Corporation transfer all right, title, and interest in and to that certain parcel of real property located 80501 Avenue 48 #59, Indio, California 92201 to the holder of the Series D Preferred Stock. 
  
 In general, the Series B Preferred Stock has the following rights and privileges: (i) each share of the Series B Preferred Stock has the right to two votes per share and to vote with the Company's common stockholders on any matter presented before them; (ii) each share of the Series B Preferred Stock has the right to convert into four shares of the Company's Common Stock at any time after July 1, 2007; and (iii) the number of shares of the Company's Common Stock that are to be issued upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock are not to be reduced or increased by reason of any forward or reverse stock split or other recapitalization. The Series B Preferred Stock is not redeemable by the Company on or after July 1, 2008. In the event that the Company's Board of Directors declares any dividends, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock have the same rights and privileges and are entitled to share ratably with the holders of the Company's Common Stock in any such dividend. 
    F - 8 
10   

INSULCRETE, INC. 
Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited) 
As of June 30, 2016 
     
    NOTE 9.  COMMON STOCK 
  
   Common stock, $ 0.01 par value: 100,000,000 shares authorized; 54,000 shares issued and outstanding. 
    
   On April 14, 2009, the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from 30,000,000 to 100,000,000. 
  
 On April 14, 2009, the Company declared a 500 to 1  reverse split  of its issued and outstanding common stock. The result of the  reverse split  was the retirement of all of its outstanding shares; 27,000,000 and the issuance of 54,000 new common shares. All share numbers have been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented giving effect to the 500-for-1 reserve stock split. 
   
   NOTE 10.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
  
   The Company has evaluated all events that occur after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued to determine if they must be reported. The Management of the Company determined that there were no reportable subsequent event(s) to be disclosed. 
    F - 9 
11   

Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
  As used herein, the term  we,   us,   our,  and the  Company  refers to Insulcrete, Inc., a Delaware corporation unless otherwise noted. 
 
  Company Background 
  
  We were originally named Sun Harbor Financial Resources, Inc., a Delaware Corporation ("the Company") and we were incorporated in the State of Delaware on May 3, 1988. 
  
 On August 25, 1988, we effectuated a tax free reorganization ("the Acquisition") under Section 368(a)(1)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  As a result of the Acquisition, we acquired Sun Harbor Mortgage, Inc., a California Corporation ("SHMI"), incorporated in the State of California on January 26, 1981, which became our wholly-owned subsidiary. 
  
 SHMI was a financial intermediary and operates a mortgage banking firm with activities in San Diego, California.  In addition, at that time the Company's second wholly-owned subsidiary, Peninsula Funding Corporation ("PFC"), was a trustee corporation that SHMI specifies in it's Deeds of Trust to represent the beneficiary, supervise foreclosure proceedings, and issue re-conveyances.  At that time, we derived re-conveyance and trustee fee revenues through PFC operations.  On September 11, 1989 a third wholly-owned subsidiary, Pacific Empire Escrow, Inc. ("PEEI") was incorporated as a California corporation.  Pacific Empire Escrow, Inc. was intended to be an independent Escrow company operating in the state of California.  However, Pacific Empire Escrow never became operational, and SHMI formed an Escrow Department to provide Escrow Services for loans that directly involve SHMI.  On July 27, 1993, Pacific Empire Escrow, Inc. formally amended its Articles of Incorporation to change its name to Sun Harbor Insurance Services, Inc. ("SHISI").  SHISI offered insurance agency services within San Diego County during the final two quarters of 1993 and for a portion of the first quarter of 1994.  However, as a result of a management decision, SHISI's operations were terminated in March 1994.  In September 1994, Sun Harbor Insurance Services, Inc. formally amended its Articles of Incorporation to change its name to Sun Harbor Leasing, Inc. ("SHLI").  SHLI offered a wide range of leases on automobiles, aircraft, boats, office equipment, etc. to Lessees in San Diego and other Southern California counties.  SHLI became operational during the fourth quarter of 1994. 
  
   1995 Actions RE: Divestiture 
   
  On October 31, 1995, our Board of Directors approved the proposed sale of our three wholly-owned subsidiaries, Sun Harbor Mortgage, Inc., Sun Harbor Leasing, Inc., and Peninsula Funding Corporation (collectively, the "Subsidiaries"). The proposed sale of the Subsidiaries is and remains subject to the approval of the Company's shareholders for which the Company intends to file a proxy statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
  
 The sale was undertaken pursuant to a Board of Director's resolution previously adopted in May 1995 and after the Board of Directors reviewed the cumulative history of losses incurred by the Company over the past five years and the limited profitable business opportunities that the Board of Directors identified in the Company's mortgage banking business.  On this basis, the Board of Director retained the services of an independent valuation expert retained to establish the fair market value of the three subsidiaries as of June 29, 1995. 
  
 After review of the valuation opinion received, the Board of Directors voted to sell the three subsidiaries to David W. Langill, at a selling price of $15,000.00 in accordance with the terms of the "Stock Purchase Agreement Between Sun Harbor Financial Resources, Inc. and David W. Langill" (the "Agreement").  Mr. Langill was a co-founder of the Subsidiaries and a co-founder, officer, and director of the Company. Mr. Langill is deceased. If the sale of the Subsidiaries is approved by the Company's shareholders, the Company will have no remaining operating businesses and its only assets will be certain cash assets and the Promissory Note (the "Note") that the Company received from Mr. Langill in exchange for the sale of the Subsidiaries.  The Company does not anticipate that it will collect any of the monies from Mr. Langill's estate. 
  
 Under the terms of the Agreement, Mr. Langill agreed to assume all liabilities, known or unknown, whether asserted or unasserted, whether liquidated or unliquidated, and whether due or to become due, including and liability for taxes, office equipment, and other leases, rents, and other obligations of the Subsidiaries except for certain limited obligations.  The Note bears interest at 8%, with a principal amount of fifteen thousand dollars and requires a monthly payment of five hundred dollars beginning January 15, 1996.  All unpaid principal and interest is due the Company in full no later than June 29, 1998.  The Company attempted to collect these monies from Mr. Langill but, as stated below, the Company was not successful. 
   
 12   

Further, in February 2004, Mr. Langill died with the result that the Company believes it is unable to collect any monies from his estate.  For these reasons, the Company does not anticipate that it will collect any monies on the Note it received from Mr. Langill in connection with the divestiture of the subsidiaries. 
  
   Amendments to Articles of Incorporation 
    
 On August 13, 2000 and by an action of a majority of  our shareholders by written consent and without a meeting, a majority of our shareholders approved an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to change our name to Block Tech Corporation. 
  
 Subsequently on May 7, 2001and by an action of a majority of our shareholders by written consent and without a meeting, a majority of the Company's shareholders approved an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to change our name to Insulcrete, Inc. 
  
 The change in our name to Insulcrete, Inc. was undertaken in anticipation that the Company may undertake efforts to become active in the residential housing industry.  We did not, during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2004 or earlier undertake further efforts to enter the residential housing industry but the Company continues to explore possible opportunities in this area. 
   
    Reverse Stock Split and Stockholder Meeting of April 2009 
  
   On April 14, 2009, the Company held its first-ever stockholders' meeting (the  Meeting ) in accordance with the Information Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  At the Meeting, the Company's stockholders approved the reverse stock split whereby one new share of the Company's Common Stock was issued for every five hundred (500) shares held by the stockholder (with all fractional share amounts rounded up to the next whole share (the  Reverse Stock Split ). 
  
 The stockholders also approved an amendment to the Company's Certificate of Incorporation so that, as amended, the Company increased its authorized Common Stock to 100,000,000. 
  
 The stockholders also approved an additional an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, so that as amended, the Company's name was changed to Insulcrete, Inc. 
  
 As of this date, we have not completed certain filings with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and we have an obligation to complete these filings. 
  
   Stockholders' Action of 2016 
    
 Earlier this year we filed Schedule 14C with the Commission. As reported in the Schedule 14C: 
  
 (A)  The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock approved the 60 for one forward split of our Common Stock (with all fractional shares rounded up) (the   Forward Split  ).  Our Board of Directors has set the Record Date as May 20, 2016. 
  
 While we are not aware of any trading market for our Common Stock, we believe that the Forward Split may, if circumstances allow, provide us with greater financial flexibility. 
    
  Six Month Periods Ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015 
     
 During the first six months ending June 30, 2016 ( First Six Months 2016"), we recorded $914 in Revenues compared to the first six months ending June 30, 2015 (the  First Six Months 2015 ) where we recorded $1,563 in Revenues. The decrease in Revenues may be temporary and we are not aware of any developments that suggest that the increase or the Revenues themselves will continue. During this period our business was limited to revenues received from our parcel of real estate located in Indio, California that we acquired in November 2014. 
  
 During the First Six Months 2016, we recorded $6,230 of Administrative Expenses - these were expenses related to the maintenance of the Company's corporate charter, accounting, administrative, legal, filing, and related expenses.  By comparison, during the First Six Months 2015, we incurred $10,413 as general and administrative expenses.  The significantly higher level of general and administrative expenses during the First Six Months 2015 was primarily due to the additional efforts that we took to complete a review of its corporate books and records, further review of our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and otherwise attend to its corporate affairs. The increase was also due to additional expenses incurred to ensure our compliance with Delaware law and the obligations we have as a public company. 
  
 During the First Six Months 2016 we had Interest Expense of $4,431.  By comparison, during the First Six Months of 2015 we had Interest Expense of $4,197.  All said Interest Expense incurred on a note issued to International Credit Bureau, Inc. ( ICBI ) which bears interest at 3%.   ICBI is a related party. 
  
 had a Net Loss of  $9,747 during the First Six Months 2016 compared to a Net Loss of $13,047 during the First Six Months 2015.  The Company recognizes that this is a 25.29% decrease in our Net Loss and we are not in a position to know if our Net Loss will continue to decrease further or, if it does, that will decrease at a higher or lower rate in the future. 
  
 On a per share basis, the Net Loss during the First Six Months 2016 was $0.18 compared to First Six Months 2015 when the Net Loss Per Common Share was $0.24. 
   
   Second Quarter Ending June 30, 2016 versus Second Quarter Ending June 30, 2015 
     
 During the three months ending June 30, 2016 ( Second Quarter 2016 ), we recorded $914 in Revenues compared to $1,563 in Revenues for the three months ending June 30, 2015 ( Second Quarter 2015 ) where we recorded $1,563 in Revenues. The decrease in Revenues may be temporary and we are not aware of any developments that suggest that the increase or the Revenues themselves will continue. 
  
 We did incur $3,263 in administrative expenses in the Second Quarter 2016 compared to $6,500 in administrative expenses during the Second Quarter 2015. The decrease in administrative expenses during the Second Quarter 2016 compared to Second Quarter 2015 was due largely to our efforts to control expenses. 
  
 During the Second Quarter 2016, we recorded $2,218 as Interest Expense on the Note issued to International Credit Bureau, Inc., a related party ( ICBI ), while during the Second Quarter 2015, we recorded $2,135 as Interest Expense.  No other income or expense was recorded during either of these periods. 
   
 As a result, we recorded a Net Loss of $4,567 during the Second Quarter 2016 compared to a Net Loss of $7,072 during the Second Quarter 2015.  This resulted, during each period, of a Basic  Loss Per Share of $0.08 for Second Quarter 2016 and a Basic Loss Per Share of $0.13 during Second Quarter 2015. 
   
 13   

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
 The Company has no real liquidity and no apparent source of financing apart from the arrangement that it has established with ICBI.  As of June 30, 2016, we had an outstanding balance due ICBI of $297,252.  ICBI is a related party. 
  
 On a going-forward basis, we anticipate that we may need between $18,000 to $25,000 or more annually merely to maintain our corporate existence and pay the expenses and costs that we likely will incur to ensure that we can remain a corporate enterprise with all of our attendant responsibilities, filings, and associated documentation. For these and other reasons, our management recognizes the adverse difficulties and continuing severe challenges we face. Apart from the limited assurances that the Company has received from ICBI, there can be no assurance that the Company will receive any financing or funding from any source or if any financing should be obtained, that existing shareholders will not incur substantial, immediate, and permanent dilution of their existing investment.  
  
 Further, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining any additional financing, or if we receive any additional financing, that any such financing can be obtained on terms that may be deemed reasonable given our limited financial condition and that our common stock does not trade in any market place.  As a result a purchaser of our Common Stock will not have any liquid trading market for any re-sale of any such stock. 
   
  Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
    
  In November 2014 we acquired a parcel of real estate then valued at $180,000.00. Nonetheless we may be deemed a  shell company  and our securities are subject to a number of substantial risks, including those described below.  If any of these or other risks actually occur, the Company's business, financial condition and operating results, as well as the value of our common stock could be materially adversely affected.  No attempt has been made to rank these risks in the order of their likelihood or potential harm.  In addition to those general risks enumerated elsewhere in the document, any purchaser of the Company's common stock should also consider the following risk factors: 
  
 Further and in the context of the uncertainties facing the Company's business organization and existing debt and obligations on its balance sheet all involve elements of substantial risk.  In many instances, these risks arise from factors over which the Company will have little or no control.  Some adverse events may be more likely than others and the consequence of some adverse events may be greater than others. 
  
  1.    Continued Operating Losses   Insolvency  .   We incurred additional losses and negative cash flow during the twelve months ending December 31, 2015.  There is no assurance that our operations (if we ever have any) will be successful or that we will be profitable or achieve positive cash flow in the future.  We are insolvent since our Total Liabilities exceed our Total Assets.  As a result, we do not have sufficient funds to pay our creditors and we face a clear risk of bankruptcy. 
   
 2.    Limited Assets, Business, Operations   Extraordinary Uncertainties   .  Except for the parcel of real estate that we acquired in November 2014, we have no other assets, business or operations and there can be no assurance that we will regain or acquire any new assets in the future. While we may later search for other ventures, our ability to undertake any such future venture will likely be severely limited and there can be no assurance that we will ever acquire any other business venture or if such a venture is acquired, that any such venture can be acquired on any reasonable terms in light of our current or then-existing financial circumstances. 
   
 14   

3.    Limited Business, Limited Equity, No Working Capital   Severe Need for Additional Financing   .  Except for the Land that we acquired in November 2014 which was valued at $180,000, we have no other business, only a limited amount of equity, and no operations.  If we are to develop or acquire any new business, we will need to obtain significant additional equity or debt financing on reasonable terms. There can be no guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining any such financing or if it is obtained, that stockholders will not lose all of their investment.  If we do obtain any new capital, we anticipate that our stockholders will likely incur significant and immediate dilution. 
  
  4.    Auditor's Opinion:  Going Concern  .   Except for the explanatory paragraph included in the firm's report on the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, relating to the substantial doubt existing about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, the audit report did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. 
  
  5.    Subordinate to Existing and Future Debt     Blank Check  Preferred Stock  .   All of the Common Stock is subordinate to the claims of the Company's existing and future creditors and the existing and future holders of the Company's preferred stock.  Our Certificate of Incorporation grants our Board of Directors  blank check  authority in that it can issue shares of our Preferred Stock in one or more series each with such rights and privileges as our Board of Directors determines and do so without obtaining the consent of our common stockholders. 
  
  6.    Other Factors Cited in Form 10-KSB As Previously Filed   .  The Company faces many risks and uncertainties.  These also include those risks and uncertainties recited in the Company's most recent Form 10-K.  Any investor who purchases the Company's Common Stock should be prepared to lose their entire investment.  And as a small public company, we face significant and continuing challenges in meeting our regulatory obligations. 
  
  7.    Failure to Complete Certain Filings with FINRA   Other Actions   .  We are delinquent in meeting our obligations to complete certain filings with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).  If we are ever to regain trading privileges for our Common Stock and otherwise allow our stockholders to buy or sell our stock, we will need to complete these filings and otherwise also undertake certain other actions.  We cannot assure if we will be successful in any of these efforts. 
   
  Item 4.  Controls and Procedures. 
   
    Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
   
 We conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures.  The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.  Disclosure controls and procedures also include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of December 31, 2015, that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to a reasonable assurance level of achieving such objectives.  However, it should be noted that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 
   
 15   

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
   
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.  Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  The internal controls for the Company are provided by executive management's review and approval of all transactions.  Our internal control over financial reporting also includes those policies and procedures that: 

 (1)  pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets. 
  
 (2)  provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management; and 
  
 (3)  provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015.  In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework.  Management's assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of these controls. 

 Based on this assessment, management has concluded that as of December 31, 2015, our internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

 This quarterly report does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.  Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this annual report. 

    Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
   
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 16   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
   
 Item 1.  Legal Proceedings 
  
            None. 
    
 Item 1A.  Risk Factors 
   
   Status as a  Shell Company  and Uncertain Future Prospects 
   
  While we acquired a parcel of real estate in November 2014 and the real estate was valued at $180,000, we may be viewed as a  shell company  within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 of the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended.   
  
  As a result, we and our stockholders are burdened by several disabilities imposed on companies that previously did not have non-nominal non-cash assets.  These disabilities will continue until we reach the one year anniversary date at which we filed the Form 8-K relating to the acquisition of the real estate as filed with the Commission.  
  
  While we continue to look at potential business and investment opportunities, we can not assure you that we will be successful in identifying any suitable business opportunities or, if we identify them, that we can successfully negotiate a transaction that will be beneficial to our stockholders.  Further, we have not completed certain filings with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) that, among other filings and actions, will need to be completed before any trading in our Common Stock can commence.  We cannot assure you that we will be successful in any of these efforts. 
  
   Absence of Trading Market for Our Common Stock 
  
   Our Common Stock does not trade in any market and there is no certain prospect that our Common Stock will ever achieve tradability on any stock market at any time in the near future.  Although our Common Stock is a security that is registered under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and we are obligated to fulfill certain obligations thereby, we remain a  shell company  and, as result, we will not likely have the ability to gain tradability for our common stock until we acquire or develop a business with assets and operations that will allow us to no longer meet the definition of a  shell company.  
  
   Limited Management and Limited Management Time 
   
  We have only one officer and director who spends only a limited amount of time attending to our business and financial affairs.  This lack of management and lack of management time has and will likely continue to limit our ability to acquire or develop any new business.  As a result, there can be no assurance that we will acquire or develop a suitable business or if we are able to do so, that any such acquisition can be undertaken successfully. 
  
   Likely Future Dilution   Recapitalization 
  
   In the event that we acquire or develop a new business, we anticipate that we may have to undertake a reverse stock split, amend our Certificate of Incorporation (as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware) to increase our authorized Common Stock and otherwise take other actions necessary in connection with one or more transactions in acquiring or developing a new business.  Further, we may have to pay finders' fees, brokers' fees, commissions, and other fees that may require that we issue shares of our Common Stock to one or more persons for the services we receive from them in connection with these transactions.  As a result, our existing stockholders will likely incur significant and immediate dilution. 
  
   General Uncertainties of Regulatory Environment 
  
   Since the passage of the Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990, securities laws, on both a federal and state level, have continued to impose greater burdens and costs on securities that are deemed to be  penny stocks  and on  shell companies  as well.  As a result, the ability of a company that is a  shell company  to regain the rights and privileges that would allow its common stock to achieve tradability in any securities market is limited and even if such tradability is later achieved, the stockholders of such companies face new and more stringent burdens in trading their shares.  We anticipate that these costs and burdens will likely increase in the future and we cannot assure persons who acquire our Common Stock that their investment will have the marketability or liquidity that they have had in the past. 
   
 17   

Item 2.  Sales of Unregistered Securities 
  
            Not applicable. 
   
  Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  
            Not applicable. 
    
 Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
  
            None. 
    
 Item 5.  Other Information 
  
            Not applicable. 
    
 Item 6.  Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K 

18   

SIGNATURE 
   
           Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Registrant:  

Insulcrete, Inc.   

Date:  September 30, 2016  
 
   /s/    Vernon G. Gunter 
  Vernon G. Gunter 
President, Chief Executive Officer 
  Chief Financial Officer  

19   

<EX-31>
 2
 ins0616qexh311.htm

31.1 
   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Vernon Gunter, certify that: 
  
 1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Insulcrete, Inc. 
  
 2.  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report. 
  
 3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results from operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report. 

By:    /s/ Vernon G. Gunter 
  Vernon Gunter 
Chief Executive Officer   Chairman  
 
  Date:  September 30, 2016  

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 ins0616qexh312.htm

31.2 
  
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
   
 I, Vernon Gunter, certify that: 
  
 1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Insulcrete, Inc. 
  
 2.  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report. 
  
 3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results from operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report. 

By:    /s/ Vernon G. Gunter 
  Vernon G. Gunter 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
  Date:  September 30, 2016  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ins0616qexh321.htm

32.1   

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

I, Vernon G. Gunter, certify that:  

1.  
 
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Insulcrete, Inc.  

2.  
 
  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report.  

3.  
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results from operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report.  

4.  
 
  The issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:  

(a)  
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer , including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)  
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)  
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)  
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer's internal control over financial reporting.  

5.  
 
  The issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer's auditors and the audit committee of issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)  
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)  
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer's internal control over financial reporting.  

By:    /s/ Vernon G. Gunter 
  Vernon G. Gunter 
Chief Executive Officer  
 
  Date:  September 30, 2016  

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 ins0616qexh322.htm

32.2   

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

I, Vernon G. Gunter, certify that:  

1.  
 
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Insulcrete, Inc.  

2.  
 
  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report.  

3.  
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results from operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report.  

4.  
 
  The issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:  

(a)  
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)  
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)  
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)  
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer's internal control over financial reporting.  

5.  
 
  The issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer's auditors and the audit committee of issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)  
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)  
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer's internal control over financial reporting.  

By:    /s/ Vernon G. Gunter 
  Vernon G. Gunter 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
  Date:  September 30, 2016  

</EX-32>

