<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1373707_0001564590-16-027359_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4655149</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>253095</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>197250</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1211348</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1499234</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>974203</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027359.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103161216
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027359
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TETRAPHASE PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001373707
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35837
		FILM NUMBER:		161971716

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		480 ARSENAL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			WATERTOWN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02472
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617.715.3600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		480 ARSENAL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			WATERTOWN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02472

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027359.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 ttph-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

ttph-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q  
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 or  

For the transition period from                        to                          
 Commission File Number: 001-35837  
   
 TETRAPHASE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  
 
 20-5276217  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

480 Arsenal Way, Suite 110,  
 Watertown, MA  
 (Address of principal executive offices)  
 02472  
 (Zip Code)  
 (617) 715-3600  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No         
 As of November 3, 2016 there were 36,904,415 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, outstanding.  

TETRAPHASE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
 FORM 10-Q  
 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  
 TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page No.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION      
 
 3  

Item 1.  
 
   Financial Statements (Unaudited)      
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 5  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
 6  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      
 
 17  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk      
 
 27  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures      
 
 27  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION      
 
 28  

Item 1  
 
   Legal Proceedings      
 
 28  

Item 1A.  
 
   Risk Factors      
 
 28  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits      
 
 55  

Signatures      
 
 56  

2 

PART I   FINANCI  AL INFORMATION   
     Item 1. Financial Statements  
 TETRAPHASE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 (In thousands, except par value amounts)  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements  

3 

TETRAPHASE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss  
 (In thousands, except per share data)  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements  

4 

TETRAPHASE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 (In thousands)  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements  

5 

Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (Unaudited)  
   
 (1) Organization and Operations  
 Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company that was incorporated in Delaware on July 7, 2006 and has a principal place of business in Watertown, Massachusetts. The Company is using its proprietary chemistry technology to create novel antibiotics for serious and life-threatening multidrug-resistant infections. The Company is developing its lead product candidate eravacycline, a fully synthetic tetracycline derivative, as a broad-spectrum intravenous ( IV ) and oral antibiotic for use as a first-line empiric monotherapy for the treatment of multidrug-resistant infections, including multidrug-resistant Gram-negative infections. The Company is conducting a global phase 3 clinical program for eravacycline called IGNITE ( I nvestigating  G ram- N egative  I nfections  T reated with  E ravacycline), which is evaluating eravacycline in complicated intra-abdominal infections ( cIAI ) and complicated urinary tract infections ( cUTI ).  
  To date, Tetraphase has completed two phase 3 clinical trials: IGNITE1, a clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of eravacycline with IV administration for the treatment of cIAI, and IGNITE2, a phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of eravacycline with IV-to-oral transition therapy for the treatment of cUTI. In December 2014, the Company announced that in IGNITE1 eravacycline met the primary endpoint of statistical non-inferiority compared to ertapenem, the control therapy for the trial, for the treatment of cIAI. In September 2015, the Company announced that eravacycline did not meet the primary endpoint of statistical non-inferiority in IGNITE 2 compared to levofloxacin, the control therapy for this trial. Consistent with guidance issued by the United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) with respect to the development of antibiotics for cIAI and the Company s previous discussions with the FDA, the Company had planned to utilize results from these two phase 3 clinical trials to support submission of a new drug application ( NDA ) for eravacycline for the treatment of cIAI and cUTI.  
 Following the result of IGNITE2 and further discussion with the FDA, the FDA advised Tetraphase that data from one additional positive phase 3 clinical trial would be required to support an NDA submission for IV eravacycline. The Company is conducting an additional phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of eravacycline with IV administration for the treatment of cIAI, IGNITE4.  If IGNITE4 is successful, the Company plans to use the results from IGNITE1 and IGNITE4 to support submission of an NDA for IV eravacycline for the treatment of cIAI.  The Company also plans to conduct a phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of eravacycline with IV administration for the treatment of cUTI, IGNITE3.  If IGNITE3 is successful, the Company plans to use the results from IGNITE3 to support submission of a supplemental NDA ( sNDA ) for IV eravacycline for the treatment of cUTI, assuming approval first of IV eravacycline for the treatment of cIAI.  The Company is also evaluating the timing of a regulatory submission for eravacycline to the European Medicines Agency. 
 In October 2016, the Company initiated dosing in IGNITE4, a phase 3 randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, multicenter, prospective study that is designed to assess the efficacy, safety and pharmacokinetics of twice-daily IV eravacycline (1.0 mg/kg every 12 hours) compared to meropenem (1g every 8 hours), the control therapy in this trial, for the treatment of cIAI. The study is expected to enroll approximately 450 adult patients at 75 centers worldwide. The primary endpoint of IGNITE4 is clinical response at the test-of-cure (TOC) visit, which occurs 25 to 31 days after the initial dose of the study drug. The primary efficacy analysis will be conducted using a 12.5% non-inferiority margin in the microbiological intent-to-treat (micro-ITT) population.  The Company expects top-line results as early as the fourth quarter of 2017.   
 Separately, the Company continues to develop an oral dose formulation of eravacycline. A phase 1 clinical program is ongoing which is designed to evaluate and optimize the oral dosing regimen for eravacycline. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company completed preliminary clinical testing which indicates that the overall efficacy results in IGNITE2 were driven by lower systemic exposures after oral dosing due to a food effect. Preliminary clinical testing also suggests that administration of oral eravacycline in a fasted state results in increased drug exposure. Further clinical testing is now underway to evaluate several additional variables associated with optimizing the oral eravacycline dosing regimen. 
 In January 2016, the Company initiated a phase 1 clinical trial of the IV formulation of TP-271, a fully synthetic tetracycline derivative being developed for respiratory disease caused by antibiotic-resistant public health pathogens, in healthy volunteers. In addition to eravacycline and TP-271, the Company has also selected TP-6076, a second generation fully synthetic tetracycline derivative, focused on targeting multidrug-resistant gram negative bacterial infections, including acinetobacter pathogens. In July 2016, the Company initiated a phase 1 clinical trial of the IV formulation of TP-6076 in healthy volunteers. 
   The Company is devoting substantially all of its efforts to product research and development, and market development. The Company is subject to a number of risks similar to those of other life science companies in a similar stage of development, including  
   
 6 

rapid technological change, dependence on key individuals, competition from other companies, compliance with government regulations, protection of proprietary technology, dependence on th  ird parties, product liability, the need for development of commercially viable products, regulatory approval of products, uncertainty of market acceptance of products, and the need to obtain additional financing to fund the development of its product cand  idates. The Company has not completed development of any product candidate and has devoted substantially all of its financial resources and efforts to research and development, including preclinical and clinical development. The Company expects to continue   to incur significant expenses and operating losses for at least the next several years, and expects to require additional financial resources to advance its product candidates.   
 The Company has incurred annual net operating losses in every year since its inception. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had incurred losses since inception of $324.7 million. The Company has not generated any product revenues and has financed its operations primarily through public offerings and private placements of its equity securities, debt financings and funding from the United States government.  
 There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to generate product revenue in its anticipated amounts, on a timely basis or at all, or obtain additional debt or equity financing, or generate revenues from collaborative partners on terms acceptable to the Company, on a timely basis or at all. The failure of the Company to generate revenues or obtain sufficient funds on acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition.  
 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 Basis of Presentation  
 The accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited. These unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for complete financial statements. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes for the year ended December 31, 2015 contained in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016 (the  2015 Form 10-K ). The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to state fairly the Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016, and the results of operations and comprehensive loss and cash flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Interim operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for future interim periods or for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016.  
 The December 31, 2015 condensed consolidated balance sheet included herein was derived from audited consolidated financial statements, but does not include all disclosures including notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements.  
 Segment Information  
 Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company views its operations and manages its business in one operating segment, which is the business of developing and commercializing its proprietary chemistry technology to create novel antibiotics for serious and life-threatening infections, including multidrug-resistant infections.  
 Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, the Company s management evaluates its estimates, including estimates related to clinical trial accruals, stock-based compensation expense, contract and grant revenues, and expenses. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and other market-specific or other relevant assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from those estimates or assumptions.  
 Concentrations of Credit Risk and Off-Balance Sheet Risk  
   Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are primarily cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalent balances in the form of cash and money market accounts with financial institutions that management believes are creditworthy. The Company s investment policy includes guidelines on the quality of the institutions and financial instruments and defines allowable investments that the Company believes minimize its  
   
 7 

exposure to concentration of credit risk. The C  ompany s accounts receivable balance consists of amounts from the U.S. government. As a result there is low risk of non-collection. The Company has no financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk of loss.   
 Principles of Consolidation  
 The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of cash and money market funds.  
 Fair Value Measurements  
 The Company s financial instruments consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and term loan payable. Fair value measurements are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories:  

Level 1  

Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

Level 2  

Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.  

Level 3  

Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  

Financial instruments measured at fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are classified below based on the three fair value hierarchy tiers described above (in thousands):  

The Company measures cash equivalents at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair value of cash equivalents is determined based on  Level 1  inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. 
 Accounts Receivable  
 In September 2011, the National Institutes of Health s ( NIH ) National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ( NIAID ) division awarded a contract of up to $35.8 million for the development of TP-271, a phase 1 compound, for respiratory disease caused by bacterial biothreat pathogens ( NIAID Contract ) (Note 3). The committed funding under the NIAID Contract has increased since the initial award in 2011 due to NIAID s exercise of options to continue to fund specific work performed by the Company related to TP-271. The Company is collaborating with CUBRC Inc. ( CUBRC ), an independent, not for profit, research corporation that specializes in U.S. government-based contracts, on this NIAID Contract and has entered into a subcontract with CUBRC. This subcontract includes committed funding of up to approximately $15.1 million from the initial contract date through December 31, 2018, of which $10.3 million had been received by the Company through September 30, 2016. The committed funding under the NIAID subcontract has increased since the initial award in 2011 due to NIAID s exercise of options to continue to fund specific work performed by the Company related to TP-271. In addition during 2011, the Company was a subawardee under a separate grant from NIAID ( NIAID Grant ) (Note 3).  
   In January 2012, the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority ( BARDA ), an agency of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, awarded a contract of up to $67.0 million for the development of eravacycline as a potential countermeasure for the treatment of disease caused by bacterial biothreat pathogens ( BARDA Contract ). The committed funding under the BARDA Contract has increased since the initial award in 2012 due to BARDA s exercise of options to continue to fund specific work performed by the Company related to eravacycline. The funding under the BARDA Contract is also being used for  
   
 8 

certain activities in the development of eravacycline to treat certain infections caused by l  ife-threatening multidrug-resistant bacteria. The Company is also collaborating with CUBRC on the BARDA Contract and has entered into a subcontract with CUBRC. This subcontract   includes   committed funding of   up to approximately   $  41  .  6   million from the initial contract date through   May   1  0  , 201  8  , of which $  32.3   million had been received by the Company through   September   30, 2016 (Note 3).   The committed funding under the BARDA subcontract has increased since the initial award in 2012 due t  o BARDA s exercise of options to continue to fund specific work performed by the Company related to eravacycline.  
 Accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 represent amounts due from CUBRC under the Company s subcontracts under the NIAID Contract and the BARDA Contract and under the Company s subaward under the NIAID Grant. The Company s practice is to bill the prime contractor, CUBRC, amounts for which the Company has been invoiced by third parties in the case of contract research or subcontractor costs or for internal costs incurred. Expenses directly associated with the Company s NIAID and BARDA Contracts and NIAID Grant that have been accrued at the end of the reporting period are not billed to the prime contractor until third-party invoices have been received or until internal costs have been paid. Unbilled accounts receivable related to the NIAID Contract, the BARDA Contract and the subaward under the NIAID Grant, included in accounts receivable in the accompanying balance sheets, were $0.4 million and $2.2 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 Property and Equipment, Net  
 Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are recognized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, which is generally three to five years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful economic lives of the related assets.  
   Restricted Cash   
 At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the Company had $199,000 in restricted cash deposits with a bank, of which $159,000 is collateral for a letter of credit issued to the landlord of the Company s leased facility. If the Company defaults on its rental obligations, $159,000 will be payable to the landlord. In addition, the Company has $40,000 in restricted cash to secure the Company s corporate credit card issued through the same bank.  
 Revenue Recognition  
 The Company s revenue is derived from its subcontracts with CUBRC under the BARDA Contract and the NIAID Contract and its subaward under the NIAID Grant (Note 3). The Company recognizes revenue under these best-efforts, cost-reimbursable and cost-plus-fixed-fee subcontracts and subaward as the Company performs services under the subcontracts and subaward so long as a subcontract and subaward has been executed and the fees for these services are fixed or determinable, legally billable and reasonably assured of collection. Recognized amounts reflect the Company s partial performance under the subcontracts and subaward and equal direct and indirect costs incurred plus fixed fees, where applicable. The Company does not recognize revenue under these arrangements for amounts related to contract periods where funding is not yet committed as amounts above committed funding thresholds would not be considered fixed or determinable or reasonably assured of collection. Revenues and expenses under these arrangements are presented gross on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss as the Company has determined it is the primary obligor under these arrangements relative to the research and development services it performs as lead technical expert.  
 Revenue under the Company s subcontracts with respect to the BARDA Contract and NIAID Contract is earned under a cost-plus-fixed-fee contract through which the Company is reimbursed for direct costs incurred plus allowable indirect costs and a fixed fee earned. Billings under the Company s subcontracts under the BARDA Contract and NIAID Contract are based on approved provisional indirect billing rates that permit recovery of allowable fringe benefits, overhead and general and administrative expenses and a fixed fee.  
 Revenue under the Company s subaward with respect to the NIAID Grant is earned under a cost-reimbursable contract through which the Company is reimbursed for direct costs incurred plus allowable indirect costs. Billings under the Company s subaward under the NIAID Grant are based on approved provisional indirect billing rates that permit recovery of allowable fringe benefits and general and administrative expenses.  
   
 9 

Research and Development Expenses   
 Research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred and include, but are not limited to:  

personnel-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense;     

expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations and consultants that provide preclinical, clinical, regulatory and manufacturing services;     

payments made under the Company s license agreement with Harvard University;     

the cost of acquiring, developing and manufacturing clinical trial materials and lab supplies;     

facility, depreciation and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent, maintenance of the Company s facilities, insurance and other supplies; and     

costs associated with preclinical, regulatory and medical affairs activities.     

 Costs for certain development activities, such as clinical trials, are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data such as patient enrollment, clinical site activations, or information provided to the Company by its vendors on their actual costs incurred. Payments for these activities are based on the terms of the individual arrangements, which may differ from the pattern of costs incurred, and are reflected in the financial statements as prepaid or accrued research and development. In certain circumstances, the Company is required to make nonrefundable advance payments to vendors for goods or services that will be received in the future for use in research and development activities. In such circumstances, the nonrefundable advance payments are deferred and capitalized, even when there is no alternative future use for the research and development, until related goods or services are provided.  
 Comprehensive Loss  
 Comprehensive loss consists of net income or loss and changes in equity during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances generated from non-owner sources. The Company s net loss equals comprehensive loss for all periods presented.  
 Income Taxes  
 The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and the tax reporting basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company provides a valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets unless, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. The Company has evaluated available evidence and concluded that the Company may not realize the benefit of its deferred tax assets; therefore a valuation allowance has been established for the full amount of the deferred tax assets. The Company s practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.  
 Stock-Based Compensation  
 The Company determines equity-based compensation at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate fair value for employee equity awards. The Company recognizes the value of the award that is ultimately expected to vest as an expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period using the estimated fair market value of the stock. Any changes to the estimated forfeiture rates are accounted for in the period such change in estimate is made. The Company records stock-based compensation expense for share-based payments issued to non-employees based on the fair value of the awards using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Share-based payments issued to non-employees are revalued at each reporting period and as the equity instruments vest and are recognized as expense using the accelerated attribution method over the related service period.  
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Issued  
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which supersedes all existing revenue recognition requirements, including most industry-specific guidance. The new standard requires a company to recognize revenue when it transfers goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the company expects to receive for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date, which delayed the effective date of the new standard from January 1, 2017 to January 1, 2018. The FASB also agreed to allow entities to choose to adopt the standard as of the original effective date. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact that this update may have on its financial position, results of operations and cash flows .  
   
 10 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,     Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern: Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  .     This new standard   gives a company s management the final responsibilities to decide whether there is substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The standard provides guidance to management, with   principles and definitions that are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of disclosures that companies commonly provide in their footnotes. Under the new standard, management must decide whether there are conditions or events, considered   in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued, or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available   to be issued when applicable. This guidance is effective for annual reporting ending after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within the year of adoption, with early application permitted. The Company does not expect that the adoption of ASU 201  4-15 will have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows; however, it may require additional disclosure in future periods.  
 In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standard Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The new standard requires that all lessees recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases on the balance sheet and disclose qualitative and quantitative information about its leasing arrangements. The new standard will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact that this standard may have on its financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The new standard involves several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The new standard will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact that this standard may have on its financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This new standard provides guidance to ensure consistency in how transactions are reflected in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 will be effective for financial statements for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017. The company is currently evaluating the potential impact that this standard may have on its statements of cash flows. 
 Subsequent Events  
 The Company considers events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but prior to the issuance of the financial statements to provide additional evidence relative to certain estimates or to identify matters that require additional disclosure.  
 Net Loss per Common Share  
 Basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding for the period, without consideration for common stock equivalents. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of common share equivalents outstanding for the period determined using the treasury-stock method. For purposes of this calculation, stock options and warrants are considered to be common stock equivalents and are only included in the calculation of diluted net loss per share when their effect is dilutive.  
 The amounts in the table below were excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, prior to the use of the treasury stock method, due to their anti-dilutive effect:  

(3) Significant Agreements and Contracts  
 License Agreement  
 In August 2006, the Company entered into a license agreement for certain intellectual property with Harvard University ( Harvard ). Under the license agreement, as of September 30, 2016, the Company has paid Harvard an aggregate of $4.4 million in upfront license fees and development milestone payments, and has issued 31,379 shares of common stock to Harvard.  
   
 11 

For each product covered by the license agreement, the Company is obl  igated to make certain payments totaling up to approximately $15.1 million upon achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones and to pay additional royalties on net sales of such product. In January 2007 and April 2010, the Company and Harva  rd amended the license agreement to include certain additional intellectual property. The Company paid an additional $25,000 to Harvard with each amendment. In February 2011, the license agreement was further amended to include additional intellectual prop  erty in the license granted by Harvard without the payment of any additional consideration.   
 Government Grant and Contracts  
 BARDA Contract for Eravacycline  
 The Company has received funding for its lead product candidate, eravacycline, under an award from BARDA. In January 2012, BARDA awarded a contract that provides for up to a total of $67.0 million in funding for the development, manufacturing and clinical evaluation of eravacycline for the treatment of disease caused by bacterial biothreat pathogens. The funding under the BARDA Contract is also being used for the development, manufacturing and clinical evaluation of eravacycline to treat certain infections caused by life-threatening multidrug-resistant bacteria.  
 In connection with the BARDA Contract, in February 2012, the Company entered into a cost-plus-fixed-fee subcontract with CUBRC which currently expires on May 10, 2018 under which the Company was granted initial funding of up to $39.8 million, reflecting the portion of the BARDA Contract funding that may be paid to the Company for its activities. The total committed funding under the BARDA subcontract has increased since the initial award in 2012 due to BARDA s exercise of options to continue to fund specific work performed by the Company related to eravacycline.  
 Although the BARDA Contract and the Company s subcontract with CUBRC under the BARDA Contract have terms which currently expire on May 10, 2018, BARDA is entitled to terminate the project for convenience at any time, and is not obligated to provide continued funding beyond current-year amounts from congressionally approved annual appropriations. To the extent that BARDA ceases to provide funding of the program to CUBRC, CUBRC has the right to cease providing funding to the Company. Committed funding from CUBRC under the Company s BARDA subcontract is up to $41.6 million through May 10, 2018, the current contract end date, as a result of the exercise of several options by BARDA under the BARDA Contract. Total funds of $32.3 million had been received by the Company through September 30, 2016 under this contract. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized revenue of $0.6 million and $2.8 million, respectively, from the Company s subcontract under the BARDA Contract. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized revenue of $2.2 million and $8.7 million, respectively, from the Company s subcontract under the BARDA Contract  
 NIAID Grant and Contract for TP-271  
 The Company has received funding for its phase 1 compound TP-271 under two awards from NIAID for the development, manufacturing and clinical evaluation of TP-271 for respiratory diseases caused by biothreat and antibiotic-resistant public health pathogens, as well as bacterial pathogens associated with community-acquired bacterial pneumonia:  

the NIAID Grant awarded in July 2011 that provides up to a total of approximately $2.8 million; and     

the NIAID Contract awarded in September 2011 that provides up to a total of approximately $35.8 million.    

 In connection with the NIAID Grant, in November 2011, CUBRC awarded the Company a 55-month, no-fee subaward of approximately $980,000, reflecting the portion of the NIAID Grant funding that may be paid to the Company for its activities.  
 In connection with the NIAID Contract, in October 2011, the Company entered into a cost-plus-fixed-fee subcontract with CUBRC which currently expires on December 31, 2018 under which the Company may receive funding of up to approximately $15.1 million, reflecting the portion of the NIAID Contract funding that may be paid to the Company for its activities. The total potential committed funding under the NIAID subcontract has increased since the initial award in 2011 due to NIAID s exercise of options to continue to fund specific work performed by the Company related to TP-271.  
 Although the NIAID Contract, the NIAID Grant and the Company s subcontract with CUBRC under the NIAID Contract have terms which currently expire on December 31, 2018, and the Company s subaward under the NIAID Grant has a term which currently expires on May 31, 2017, NIAID is entitled to terminate the project for convenience at any time, and is not obligated to provide continued funding beyond December 31, 2018. To the extent that NIAID ceases to provide funding of the programs to CUBRC, CUBRC has the right to cease providing funding to the Company. As of September 30, 2016, committed funding from CUBRC under the Company s subcontract with respect to the NIAID Contract is $15.1 million, of which $10.3 million had been received through September 30, 2016. Committed funding from CUBRC under the Company s subaward with respect to the NIAID Grant is $0.9 million, of which $0.8 million had been received through September 30, 2016.  
   
 12 

During the three months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized revenue of $0.  2   million and $0.1   million, respectively, from the Company s subcontract under the NIAID Contract. During the three months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized revenue of $  2  7  ,000 and $  6  ,000, respectively, from the Company s subaward under the NIAID Gran  t.     During the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized revenue of $1.  8   million and $0.  4   million, respectively, from the Company s subcontract under the NIAID Contract. During the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized revenue of $  90  ,000 and $  71  ,000, respectively, from the Company s su  baward under the NIAID Grant.     
 Sub-lease  
                In the third quarter of       2016, the Company entered into a   sublease   with respect to a portion of its principal facilities, which consist of office, research and laboratory space located at 480 Arsenal Way, Watertown, Massachusetts, with   an unrelated third party. The term of the sublease expires in November 2019, with the sublessee obligated to pay rent to the Company that approximates the rent the Company is currently paying to its landlord with respect to such portion of its facility.   
 (4) Accrued Expenses  
 Accrued expenses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following (in thousands):  

(5) Long-Term Debt  
 In May 2011, the Company executed a Loan and Security Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank and Oxford Finance (the  Term Loan ), which provided for up to $8.0 million of funding, to be made available in two tranches. The Term Loan was paid in full on March 31, 2015.  
 In December 2012, the Company amended the Term Loan (the  2012 Term Loan ) to provide for up to an additional $9.2 million in funding, to be made available in two tranches (the  2012 Term A Loan  and the  2012 Term B Loan ). On March 31, 2015, the Company repaid the 2012 Term Loan. As a result, no indebtedness remains outstanding under either the Term Loan or the 2012 Term Loan.  
 In connection with the funding of the 2012 Term A Loan, the Company issued to the lenders 10-year warrants to purchase shares of Series C Preferred Stock. In connection with the 2012 Term B Loan, the number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants issued to Silicon Valley Bank automatically increased and the Company granted a new warrant to purchase shares of Series C Preferred Stock to Oxford Finance. 
 Upon completion of the Company s initial public offering ( IPO ), the warrants to purchase Series C Preferred Stock issued in connection with the Term Loan, the 2012 Term A Loan and the 2012 Term B Loan were converted into warrants to purchase common stock of the Company.  
 In June 2014, Silicon Valley Bank exercised its warrants and the Company issued 12,354 shares of the Company s common stock. Warrants to purchase 14,470 shares of common stock were cancelled as payment for the aggregate exercise price of the warrants. In connection with the exercise of the warrants under the 2012 Term A Loan, the Company issued 11,366 shares of the Company s common stock. Warrants to purchase 13,312 shares of common stock were cancelled as payment for the aggregate exercise price of the warrants.  
   In December 2014, Oxford Finance exercised its warrants under the Term Loan and 2012 Term B Loan described above pursuant to the cashless exercise feature of the warrants. In connection with the exercise of the warrants under the Term Loan, the Company issued 20,488 shares of the Company s common stock. Warrants to purchase 6,336 shares of common stock were cancelled as payment for the aggregate exercise price of the warrants. In connection with the exercise of the warrants under the 2012 Term B  
   
 13 

Loan, the Company issued 18,849 shares of the Company s common stock. Warrants to purcha  se 5,829 shares of common stock were cancelled as payment for the aggregate exercise price of the warrants.     
   
 (6) Stock-based Compensation  
 In February 2013, the Company s board of directors and stockholders approved, effective upon the closing of the IPO, the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2013 Plan ). Under the 2013 Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards for the purchase of that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the sum of (i) 1,688,777 shares of Common Stock, (ii) 258,265 shares of Common Stock that were reserved for issuance under the 2006 Plan that remained available for issuance under the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the  2006 Plan )  upon the closing of the IPO, and (iii) any shares of Common Stock subject to awards under the 2006 Plan which awards expire, terminate or are otherwise surrendered, canceled, forfeited or repurchased by the Company without having been fully exercised or resulting in any Common Stock being issued. In addition, the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the 2013 Plan is subject to automatic annual increases, to be added on January 1 of each year through and including January 1, 2023, equal to the number of shares that is the lesser of (a) 3,000,000, (b) 4% of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock or (c) an amount determined by the Company s board of directors.  In January 2014, the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2013 Plan increased by 1,025,171 shares. In January 2015, the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2013 Plan increased by 1,232,232 shares. In January 2016, the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2013 Plan increased by 1,463,391 shares.  As of September 30, 2016, 1,365,400 shares were available for future issuance under the 2013 Plan.  
 Terms of stock award agreements, including vesting requirements, are determined by the board of directors, subject to the provisions of the 2013 Plan. Options granted by the Company typically vest over a four year period. Certain of the options are subject to acceleration of vesting in the event of certain change of control transactions. The options are exercisable from the date of grant for a period of ten years. For options granted prior to the Company s IPO, the exercise price equaled the estimated fair value of the Common Stock as determined by the board of directors on the date of grant. For options granted subsequent to the Company s IPO, the exercise price equaled the closing price of the Company s stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the date of grant.  
 Stock option activity at September 30, 2016 and changes during the nine months then ended is presented in the table and narrative below (in thousands except share and per share data):  

(1)   
 
 This represents the number of vested options as of September 30, 2016, plus the number of unvested options that the Company estimated as of September 30, 2016 would vest, based on the unvested options at September 30, 2016, as adjusted for the estimated forfeiture rate.    

 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above was calculated for all in-the-money options equal to the difference between the Company s closing common stock price on September 30, 2016 and the exercise price of the options, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options. As of September 30, 2016, there was $20.4 million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to employee and non-employee unvested stock options granted under the 2006 Plan and the 2013 Plan. Total unrecognized compensation cost will be adjusted for future forfeitures. The Company expects to recognize that cost over a remaining weighted-average period of 2.5 years.  
   Since the Company completed its IPO in March 2013, it has not had sufficient historical data to support a calculation of volatility and expected life. As such, the Company has used a weighted-average volatility considering the Company s own volatility and the volatilities of a representative group of publicly traded companies. For purposes of identifying similar entities, the Company selected a group of publicly traded life science/biotechnology companies based on their disease focus, stage of development, number  
   
 14 

of compounds in clinical trials and number of years as a publicly-traded company. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effec  t at the time of grant, commensurate with the expected life assumption. The expected life of stock options granted represents the weighted-average period of time that stock options granted are expected to be outstanding determined using the simplified meth  od for employee grants. For non-employee grants, the expected life is equal to the remaining contractual term. The expected life is applied to the stock option grant group as a whole, as the Company does not expect substantially different exercise or post-  vesting termination behavior among its employee population.   
 The Company estimates the fair value of each employee and director stock option award on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following assumptions:  

Stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss was as follows (in thousands):  

Stock Option Grants to Non-employees  
 During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company granted nonqualified options to purchase 110,000 shares of common stock to non-employee consultants, with an average exercise price of $12.56 per share. The Company initially valued these options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and revalues the options at each reporting period and as the options vest and are recognized as expense using the accelerated attribution method over the related service period. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the re-measurement of the non-employee options combined with the change in the Company s stock price resulted in a reversal of expense of $2.1 million and $0.8 million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the re-measurement of the remaining non-employee options resulted in a de minimus reversal of expense each period.  
 Restricted Stock Units 
 In October 2015, the Company granted restricted stock units to employees. These restricted stock units vest in full after one year subject to continued employment with the Company and had a grant date fair value of $7.81 per share, which was the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. In January 2016, the Company granted additional restricted stock units to employees. These restricted stock units vest in annual increments over three years, subject to continued employment with the company and had a grant date fair value of $8.47 per share, which was the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The Company recorded stock based compensation expense of $0.6 million and $1.5 million related to restricted stock units for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The restricted stock activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

15 

As of September 30, 2016, there was $1.4 million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock units granted under the 2013 Plan. The expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.3 years.  
 (7) Stockholders  Equity  
 In March 2015, the Company sold 4,945,000 shares of common stock in a follow-on public offering at a price to the public of $35.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of $162.2 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $10.4 million and offering costs of $0.5 million.  

16 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of   Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
 The interim financial statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contained in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, on February 25, 2016, which we refer to as our annual report. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in Part II   Other Information, Item 1A. Risk Factors below and elsewhere in this report that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or anticipated results.  
 Overview  
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company using our proprietary chemistry technology to create novel antibiotics for serious and life-threatening multidrug-resistant infections. We are developing our lead product candidate, eravacycline, a fully synthetic tetracycline derivative, as a broad-spectrum intravenous, or IV, and oral antibiotic for use as a first-line empiric monotherapy for the treatment of multidrug-resistant infections, including multidrug-resistant Gram-negative infections. We are conducting a global phase 3 clinical program for eravacycline called IGNITE ( I nvestigating  G ram- N egative  I nfections  T reated with  E ravacycline) which is evaluating eravacycline in complicated intra-abdominal infections, or cIAI, and complicated urinary tract infections, or cUTI. 
         To date, we have completed two phase 3 clinical trials: IGNITE1, a clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of eravacycline with IV administration for the treatment of cIAI, and IGNITE2, a phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of eravacycline with IV-to-oral transition therapy for the treatment of cUTI. In December 2014, we announced that in IGNITE1 eravacycline met the primary endpoint of statistical non-inferiority compared to ertapenem, the control therapy for the trial, for the treatment of cIAI. In September 2015, we announced that eravacycline did not meet the primary endpoint of statistical non-inferiority in IGNITE 2 compared to levofloxacin, the con  trol therapy for this trial.   Consistent with guidance issued by the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, with respect to the development of antibiotics for cIAI and   our previous discussions with the FDA,   we had planned to utilize results from these two phase 3 clinical trials to support submission of a new drug application, or NDA, for eravacycline for the treatment of cIAI and cUTI.  
 Following the result of IGNITE2 and further discussion with the FDA, the FDA advised us that data from one additional positive phase 3 clinical trial would be required to support an NDA submission for IV eravacycline. We are conducting an additional phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of eravacycline with IV administration for the treatment of cIAI, IGNITE4.  If IGNITE4 is successful, we plan to use the results from IGNITE1 and IGNITE4 to support submission of an NDA for IV eravacycline for the treatment of cIAI.  We also plan to conduct a phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of eravacycline with IV administration for the treatment of cUTI, IGNITE3.  If IGNITE3 is successful, we plan to use the results from IGNITE3 to support submission of a supplemental new drug application, or sNDA, for IV eravacycline for the treatment of cUTI, assuming approval first of IV eravacycline for the treatment of cIAI.  We are also evaluating the timing of a regulatory submission for eravacycline to the European Medicines Agency, or EMA. 
 In October 2016, we initiated dosing in IGNITE4, a phase 3 randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, multicenter, prospective study that is designed to assess the efficacy, safety and pharmacokinetics of twice-daily IV eravacycline (1.0 mg/kg every 12 hours) compared to meropenem (1g every 8 hours), the control therapy in this trial, for the treatment of cIAI. The study is expected to enroll approximately 450 adult patients at 75 centers worldwide. The primary endpoint of IGNITE4 is clinical response at the test-of-cure (TOC) visit, which occurs 25 to 31 days after the initial dose of the study drug. The primary efficacy analysis will be conducted using a 12.5% non-inferiority margin in the microbiological intent-to-treat (micro-ITT) population.  We expect top-line results as early as the fourth quarter of 2017.   
 Separately, we continue to develop an oral dose formulation of eravacycline. A phase 1 clinical program is ongoing which is designed to evaluate and optimize the oral dosing regimen for eravacycline. During the second quarter of 2016, we completed preliminary clinical testing which indicates that the overall efficacy results in IGNITE2 were driven by lower systemic exposures after oral dosing due to a food effect. Preliminary clinical testing also suggests that administration of oral eravacycline in a fasted state results in increased drug exposure. Further clinical testing is now underway to evaluate several additional variables associated with optimizing the oral eravacycline dosing regimen. 
   In January 2016, we initiated a phase 1 clinical trial of the IV formulation of TP-271, a fully synthetic tetracycline derivative being developed for respiratory disease caused by antibiotic-resistant public health pathogens, in healthy volunteers. In addition to eravacycline and TP-271, we have also selected TP-6076, our second generation a fully synthetic tetracycline derivative, focused on  
   
 17 

targeting multidrug-resistant gram negative bacterial infections, including acinetobacter pathogens. In July 2016  ,   we initiated a phase 1 clinical trial in of the IV formulation of TP-6076 in healthy volunteers.  
 We commenced business operations in July 2006. Our operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring and developing our proprietary chemistry technology, identifying potential product candidates and undertaking preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates. To date, we have not generated any product revenue and have primarily financed our operations through public offerings and private placements of our equity securities, debt financings and funding from the United States government. As of September 30, 2016, we had received an aggregate of $460.5 million in net proceeds from the issuance of equity securities and borrowings under debt facilities and an aggregate of $43.4 million from government grants and contracts. As of September 30, 2016, our principal source of liquidity was cash and cash equivalents, which totaled $162.1 million.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $324.7 million. Our net losses were $21.1 million and $18.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our net losses were $55.0 million and $65.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  We expect that our expenses will increase in 2017 compared to 2016 as we commence IGNITE3 and IGNITE4 , conduct pre-commercialization and launch-related activities for eravacycline, seek marketing approval for eravacycline, pursue development of eravacycline for additional indications,  manufacture drug product for our clinical and pre-clinical trials, advance  our other product candidates and satisfy our obligations under our license agreement with Harvard University, or Harvard. If we obtain marketing approval of eravacycline, we also expect to incur significant sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing expenses. Furthermore, we expect to incur ongoing research and development expenses relating to our product candidates other than eravacycline and that our general and administrative costs will increase as we grow and continue to operate as a public company, and comply with increased disclosure requirements since we are no longer an emerging growth company.  
 We believe that our available funds will be sufficient to support our operations into the second half of 2018 which we believe would allow us to obtain results from IGNITE4 and file the NDA for IV eravacycline for the treatment of cIAI. We do not believe these funds will be sufficient, however, to enable us to commercially launch eravacycline, complete IGNITE3 and submit an sNDA for IV eravacycline for the treatment of cUTI. It is also possible that we will not achieve the progress that we expect with respect to eravacycline because the actual costs and timing of clinical development activities are difficult to predict and are subject to substantial risks and delays. As a result, we will be required to obtain further funding through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and licensing arrangements or other sources. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. Moreover, we will need to generate significant revenue to achieve profitability, and we may never do so. 
 Financial overview  
 Contract and Grant Revenue  
 We have derived all of our revenue to date from funding provided under three U.S. government awards for the development of our compounds as potential counter measures for the treatment of disease caused by bacterial biothreat pathogens through our collaborator CUBRC Inc., or CUBRC, an independent, not-for-profit, research corporation that specializes in U.S. government-based contracts: 

We have received funding for our lead product candidate, eravacycline, under an award from the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, or BARDA, an agency of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. In January 2012, BARDA awarded CUBRC a contract that provides for up to a total of $67.0 million in funding for the development, manufacturing and clinical evaluation of eravacycline for the treatment of disease caused by bacterial biothreat pathogens. The funding under the BARDA Contract is also being used for the development, manufacturing and clinical evaluation of eravacycline to treat certain infections caused by life-threatening multidrug-resistant bacteria. We refer to this contract as the BARDA Contract.     

We have received funding for our phase 1 compound TP-271 under two awards from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, or NIAID, a division of National Institutes of Health, for the development, manufacturing and clinical evaluation of TP-271 for respiratory diseases caused by biothreat and antibiotic-resistant public health pathogens, as well as bacterial pathogens associated with community-acquired bacterial pneumonia:     

-   
 
 a grant awarded to CUBRC in July 2011 that provides up to a total of approximately $2.8 million through May 31, 2017, which we refer to as the NIAID Grant; and    

18 

-   
 
        a contract awarded to CUBRC in September 2011 that provides up to a total of approximately $35.8 million in funding through December 31, 2018, which we r  efer to as the NIAID Contract.     

 We are collaborating with CUBRC, because when we initially decided to seek government funding, we recognized that we did not have any expertise in bidding for, administrating or managing government-funded contracts. CUBRC serves as the prime contractor under the BARDA Contract, the NIAID Grant and the NIAID Contract, primarily carrying out a program management and administrative role with additional responsibility for the management of preclinical studies. We serve as lead technical expert on all aspects of these awards and also serve as a subcontractor responsible for management of chemistry, manufacturing and control activities and clinical studies. We derive all of our revenue under these collaborations through subcontracts with, and a subaward from, CUBRC, with the flow of funds following the respective activities being conducted by us and by CUBRC. 

In connection with the BARDA Contract, in February 2012, we entered into a cost-plus-fixed-fee subcontract with CUBRC which currently expires on May 10, 2018 under which we may receive funding of up to approximately $41.6 million, reflecting the portion of the BARDA Contract funding that may be paid to us for our activities. The committed funding under the BARDA subcontract has increased since the initial award in 2012 due to BARDA s exercise of options to continue to fund specific work performed by us related to eravacycline.     

In connection with the NIAID Contract, in October 2011, we entered into a cost-plus-fixed-fee subcontract with CUBRC which currently expires on December 31, 2018 under which we may receive funding of up to approximately $15.1 million, reflecting the portion of the NIAID Contract funding that may be paid to us for our activities. The committed funding under the NIAID subcontract has increased since the initial award in 2011 due to NIAID s exercise of options to continue to fund specific work performed by us related to TP-271.     

In connection with the NIAID Grant, in November 2011, CUBRC awarded us a 55-month, no-fee subaward of approximately $980,000, reflecting the portion of the NIAID Grant funding that may be paid to us for our activities.     

 Although the BARDA Contract and our subcontract with CUBRC under the BARDA Contract have terms which currently expire on May 10, 2018, BARDA is entitled to terminate the project for convenience at any time, and is not obligated to provide continued funding beyond current-year amounts from congressionally approved annual appropriations. To the extent that BARDA ceases to provide funding of the program to CUBRC, CUBRC has the right to cease providing funding to us. Committed funding from CUBRC under our BARDA subcontract is up to $41.6 million from the initial contract date through May 10, 2018, of which $32.3 million had been received through September 30, 2016. 
 Similarly, although the NIAID Contract and our subcontract with CUBRC under the NIAID Contract have terms which currently expire on December 31, 2018, NIAID is entitled to terminate the project for convenience at any time, and is not obligated to provide continued funding beyond December 31, 2018. To the extent NIAID ceases to provide funding of the programs to CUBRC, CUBRC has the right to cease providing funding to us. Committed funding from CUBRC under our subcontract with respect to the NIAID Contract is up to $15.1 million, from the initial contract date through December 31, 2018, of which $10.3 million had been received through September 30, 2016. In addition, although the NIAID Grant has a term which currently expires on May 31, 2017, and our subaward from CUBRC has a term which currently expires on May 31, 2017, NIAID is entitled to terminate the project for convenience at any time, and is not obligated to provide continued funding beyond May 31, 2017. To the extent NIAID ceases to provide funding of the programs to CUBRC, CUBRC has the right to cease providing funding to us. Committed funding from CUBRC under our subaward with respect to the NIAID Grant is $0.9 million from the initial grant date through May 31, 2017, of which $0.8 million had been received through September 30, 2016. 
 We have no products approved for sale. Other than the government funding described above, we do not expect to receive any revenue from any product candidates that we develop, including eravacycline, until we obtain regulatory approval and commercialize such products or until we potentially enter into collaborative agreements with third parties for the development and commercialization of such product candidates. We continue to pursue government funding for other preclinical and clinical programs. If our development efforts for any of our product candidates result in clinical success and regulatory approval, or collaboration agreements with third parties, we may generate revenue from those product candidates. 
 We expect that our revenue will be less than our expenses for the foreseeable future and that we will experience increasing losses as we continue our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates, and begin to commercialize any approved products. Even if we are able to generate revenue from the sale of one or more products, we may not become profitable.  
   
 19 

Research and Development Expenses   
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for the research and development of our preclinical and clinical candidates, and include: 

personnel-related expenses, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense;     

expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations, and consultants that provide preclinical, clinical, regulatory and manufacturing services;     

payments made under our license agreement with Harvard;     

the cost of acquiring, developing and manufacturing clinical trial materials and lab supplies;     

facility, depreciation and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent, maintenance of our facilities, insurance and other supplies; and     

costs associated with preclinical, regulatory and medical affairs activities.     

 We expense research and development costs to operations as incurred. We recognize costs for certain development activities, such as clinical trials, based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data such as patient enrollment, clinical site activations or information provided to us by our vendors. 
 We track external development expenses and personnel expense on a program-by-program basis and allocate common expenses, such as scientific consultants and laboratory supplies, to each program based on the personnel resources allocated to such program. Expenses related to facilities, consulting, travel, conferences, stock-based compensation and depreciation are not allocated to a program and are separately classified as other research and development expenses. The following table summarizes our research and development expenses on a program-specific basis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Research and development activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had incurred an aggregate of $167.0 million in research and development expenses related to the development of eravacycline, and $30.5 million in research and development expenses related to the development of eravacycline that were funded under the BARDA Contract. We expect that our research and development expenses will increase in 2017 compared to 2016 as  we conduct IGNITE3 and IGNITE4 , incur nonclinical, regulatory and drug manufacturing costs in support of NDA-related activities, pursue development of eravacycline for additional indications, advance our other product candidates and satisfy our obligations under our license agreement with Harvard. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development, however, we cannot determine with certainty the duration and completion costs of current or future clinical trials of eravacycline or our other product candidates. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for eravacycline or any of our other product candidates. The duration, costs and timing of clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a variety of factors, including the uncertainties of future clinical and preclinical studies, uncertainties in clinical trial enrollment rate and significant and changing government regulation. In addition, the probability of success for each product candidate will depend on numerous factors, including competition, manufacturing capability and commercial viability. 
   We have licensed our proprietary chemistry technology from Harvard on an exclusive worldwide basis under a license agreement that we entered into in August 2006. Under our license agreement, we have paid Harvard an aggregate of $4.4 million in  
   
 20 

upfront license fees and development milestone payments. We have also issued 31,379 shares of our common stock to Harvard under the lice  nse agreement. In addition, we have agreed to make payments to Harvard upon the achievement of specified future development and regulatory milestones totaling up to $15.1 million for each licensed product candidate ($3.1 million of which has already been p  aid with respect to eravacycline), and to pay tiered royalties in the single digits based on annual worldwide net sales, if any, of licensed products, our affiliates and our sublicensees. We are also obligated to pay Harvard a specified share of non-royalt  y sublicensing revenues that we receive from sublicensees for the grant of sublicenses under the license and to reimburse Harvard for specified patent prosecution and maintenance costs. The next milestone payment due under the license agreement with respec  t to eravacycline would be a $3.0 million payment upon acceptance of an NDA filing to the FDA  .   
 General and Administrative Expenses  
 General and administrative expenses consist principally of personnel-related costs, including salaries and related costs such as benefits and stock-based compensation for personnel in executive, finance, legal, operational, corporate communications, marketing and human resource functions. Other significant general and administrative expenses include professional fees for legal, patent, auditing and tax services, consulting, and facility costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses. 
 We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase for a number of reasons, including: 

support of the anticipated expansion of our research and development activities as we continue the development of our product candidates;     

expansion of infrastructure, including increases in personnel-related costs, consulting, legal, accounting and investor relations costs, and directors and officers insurance premiums; and     

if and when we believe a regulatory approval of our first product candidate appears likely, anticipated increases in our personnel-related and consulting costs as a result of our preparation for commercial operations, especially as it relates to the sales and marketing of our product candidates.     

 Other Income (Expense)  
 Other income primarily consists of interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents. The primary objective of our investment policy is capital preservation. Other expense primarily consists of interest expense on our previously outstanding indebtedness and non-cash interest related to the amortization of debt discount costs associated with our term loan facility with Silicon Valley Bank and Oxford Finance. We repaid the remaining indebtedness under the term loan facility on March 31, 2015 and, accordingly, will not incur any more interest expense under the term loan facility.  
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates  
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, accrued clinical expenses, and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we and our management believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  
 There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies since the beginning of this fiscal year. Our critical accounting policies are described under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our annual report.  
   
 21 

Results of Operations     
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 The following table summarizes the results of our operations for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, together with the changes in those items in dollars and as a percentage:  

Revenue from U.S. Government Contracts and Grants  
 The following table sets forth our contract and grant revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Contract and grant revenue was $0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $2.0 million, or 70%. This decrease was primarily due to the scope and timing of activities conducted under our subcontract with respect to the BARDA Contract during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, offset in part by an increase in clinical development activities under our subcontract with respect to the NIAID Contract. 
 Research and Development Expenses  
 Research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $17.2 million compared to $17.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $0.2 million, or 1%. This small change was the result of start-up costs associated with IGNITE3 and IGNITE4 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to costs associated with IGNITE2 during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 General and Administrative Expenses  
 General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $4.9 million compared to $3.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $1.0 million, or 23%. This increase was primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $1.7 million, reflecting a non-employee stock-based compensation credit in the same period in 2015, and an increase in legal fees of $0.5 million, offset by a decrease of $1.2 million in market research and pre-commercialization expenses. 
 Other Income (Expense)  
 Other income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.1 million compared to $9,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Other income during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 resulted from interest income earned on marketable securities during each period.  
   
 22 

Comparison of the   Nine   Months Ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015     
 The following table summarizes the results of our operations for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, together with the changes in those items in dollars and as a percentage:  

Revenue from U.S. Government Contracts and Grants  
 The following table sets forth our contract and grant revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Contract and grant revenue was $4.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $9.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $5.2 million, or 56%. This decrease was primarily due to the scope and timing of activities conducted under our subcontract with respect to the BARDA Contract during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, offset in part by an increase in clinical development activities under our subcontract with respect to the NIAID Contract.  
 Research and Development Expenses  
 Research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $44.5 million compared to $58.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $14.3 million, or 24%. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in clinical trial costs of $8.2 million as our IGNITE2 clinical trial was completed, offset in part by start-up costs associated with IGNITE3 and IGNITE4, a decrease in certain pre-clinical registration activities for eravacycline of $3.3 million, a decrease in manufacturing costs of $2.9 million related to a decrease in costs for drug supply in support of our validation batches and NDA-related activities and a decrease of $3.1 million in manufacturing costs under our government programs due to lower manufacturing activity. These decreases were offset in part by an increase in personnel-related costs of $2.1 million due to additional headcount and an increase in stock-based compensation of $1.3 million resulting from additional headcount and our annual stock option awards and restricted stock units granted to employees during the first quarter of 2016. 
 General and Administrative Expenses  
 General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $14.9 million compared to $15.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $0.4 million, or 3%. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease of $2.1 million in market research and pre-commercialization expenses. This decrease was offset by an increase in stock-based compensation of $1.0 million, due to a non-employee stock-based compensation credit in the same period in 2015, and an increase in legal fees of $0.7 million 
   
 23 

Other Income (Expense)   
 Other income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.3 million compared to other expense of $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Other income during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted from interest income earned on marketable securities during the period. Other expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily related to interest expense under our term loan facility with Silicon Valley Bank and Oxford Finance. The increase in other income (expense) was due to lower interest expense resulting from the payoff of indebtedness under the term loan facility in March 2015. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 We have incurred losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for at least the next several years. We expect that our research and development and general and administrative expenses will continue to increase and, as a result, we will need additional capital to fund our operations, which we may obtain from additional financings, research funding, collaborations, contract and grant revenue or other sources. 
 Since our inception, we have funded our operations principally through the receipt of funds from public offerings and private placements of equity securities, debt financings and contract research funding and research grants from the United States government. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $162.1 million. We invest cash in excess of immediate requirements in accordance with our investment policy, primarily with a view to liquidity and capital preservation. As of September 30, 2016, our funds were held in cash and money market funds.  
 On March 17, 2015, we completed the sale of 4,945,000 shares of common stock in a follow-on public offering at a price to the public of $35.00 per share, which number of shares includes the underwriters  exercise in full of their option to purchase additional shares. This offering resulted in net proceeds to us of $162.2 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $10.4 million and offering costs of $0.5 million.  
 The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for each of the periods set forth below (in thousands):  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our operating activities used net cash of $43.8 million and $60.1 million, respectively. The use of net cash in both periods primarily resulted from our net losses and changes in our working capital accounts. The decrease in net cash used in operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was due primarily to lower operating expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $59.3 million as compared to $74.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we used net cash of $0.2 million and $0.7 million, respectively, in our investing activities. The use of net cash in both periods resulted from purchases of property and equipment to facilitate our increased research and development activities and increased headcount.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our net cash provided by financing activities was $0.2 million and $162.2 million, respectively. The net cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was related to proceeds from the exercise of stock options and issuance of stock under our employee stock purchase plan. The net cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily related to proceeds from our March 2015 follow-on public offering of $162.2 million, as well as proceeds from the exercise of stock options and issuance of stock under our employee stock purchase plan of $4.7 million, offset in part by the payoff of indebtedness under our term loan facility in March 2015 of $4.6 million.  
   
 24 

Operating Capital Requirements   
 We expect to incur operating losses for at least the next several years as we conduct IGNITE3 and IGNITE4, conduct pre-commercialization and launch-related activities for eravacycline, seek marketing approval for eravacycline, pursue development of eravacycline for additional indications,  manufacture drug product for our clinical and pre-clinical trials, advance  our other product candidates and satisfy our obligations under our license agreement with Harvard. We may not be able to complete the development and initiate commercialization of eravacycline or our other product candidates if, among other things, our preclinical research and clinical trials are not successful, our manufacturing efforts are not successful, the FDA or the EMA does not approve eravacycline or our other product candidates when we expect, or at all, or funding under the NIAID Contract, the NIAID Grant or the BARDA Contract is discontinued. 
 We believe that our available funds will be sufficient to support our operations into the second half of 2018 which we believe would allow us to obtain results from IGNITE4 and file the NDA for IV eravacycline for the treatment of cIAI. We do not believe these funds will be sufficient, however, to enable us to commercially launch eravacycline, complete IGNITE3 and submit an sNDA for IV eravacycline for the treatment of cUTI. It is also possible that we will not achieve the progress that we expect with respect to eravacycline because the actual costs and timing of clinical development activities are difficult to predict and are subject to substantial risks and delays. As a result, we will be required to obtain further funding through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and licensing arrangements or other sources. 
 We have based our projections of operating capital requirements on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect and we may use all of our available capital resources sooner than we expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our operating capital requirements. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to:  

the timing, design and costs of IGNITE3 and IGNITE4;    

the timing and costs of our ongoing clinical trials for our other product candidates;    

the timing and costs of manufacturing activities related to regulatory filings and anticipated commercial launch;    

the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our other product candidates and potential product candidates;     

the amount of funding that we receive under our subcontracts under the BARDA Contract and the NIAID Contract and under our subaward under the NIAID Grant, and the activities funded under the BARDA Contract, the NIAID Contract and the NIAID Grant;     

the number and characteristics of product candidates that we pursue;     

the timing and costs of developing eravacycline for additional indications;     

the outcome, timing and costs of seeking regulatory approvals;     

the costs of commercialization activities for eravacycline and other product candidates if we receive marketing approval, including the timing and costs of establishing product sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing capabilities;     

revenue received from commercial sales of eravacycline, subject to receipt of marketing approval;     

the terms and timing of any future collaborations, licensing, consulting or other arrangements that we may establish;     

the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution, defense and enforcement of any patents or other intellectual property rights, including milestone and royalty payments and patent prosecution fees that we are obligated to pay to Harvard pursuant to our license agreement;     

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and protecting our intellectual property rights and defending against intellectual property related claims; and     

the extent to which we in-license or acquire other products and technologies.     

25 

We expect that we will need to obtain additional funding in order to commercialize eravacycline and advance our other product candidates. To the extent that we raise additional capi  tal through the sale of common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, the ownership interests of our existing stockholders may be materially diluted and the terms of these securities could include liquidation or other preferences that co  uld adversely affect the rights of our existing stockholders. In addition, debt financing, if available, would result in increased fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants that limit our ability to take specif  ic actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends, that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to   significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of eravacycline or other product candidates, seek collaborators at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwi  se be available, and relinquish or license, potentially on unfavorable terms, our rights to eravacycline or other product candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves  .   
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.  
 Contractual Obligations  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no material changes to our contractual obligations and commitments outside the ordinary course of business from those disclosed in our annual report.  
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which supersedes all existing revenue recognition requirements, including most industry-specific guidance. The new standard requires a company to recognize revenue when it transfers goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the company expects to receive for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date, which delayed the effective date of the new standard from January 1, 2017 to January 1, 2018. The FASB also agreed to allow entities to choose to adopt the standard as of the original effective date. We are currently evaluating In August the potential impact that this update may have on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern: Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. This new standard gives a company s management the final responsibilities to decide whether there is substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The standard provides guidance to management, with principles and definitions that are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of disclosures that companies commonly provide in their footnotes. Under the new standard, management must decide whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued, or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable. This guidance is effective for annual reporting ending after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within the year of adoption, with early application permitted. We do not expect that the adoption of ASU 2014-15 will have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows; however, it may require additional disclosure in future periods. 
 In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standard Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The new standard requires that all lessees recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases on the balance sheet and disclose qualitative and quantitative information about its leasing arrangements. The new standard will be effective for us on January 1, 2019. We are currently evaluating the potential impact that this standard may have on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The new standard involves several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The new standard will be effective for us on January 1, 2017. We are currently evaluating the potential impact that this standard may have on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This new standard provides guidance to ensure consistency in how transactions are reflected in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 will be effective for financial statements for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017. The company is currently evaluating the potential impact that this standard may have on its statements of cash flows. 
   
 26 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitati  ve Disclosures about Market Risk   
 There have not been any material changes to our exposure to market risk during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. For additional information regarding market risk, refer to the  Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk  section of our annual report.  
     Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act refers to controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.  
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Vice President of Finance (Principal Financial Officer), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Based upon such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of such date.  
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

27 

part ii   othe  r information   
     Item 1 Legal Proceedings  
 In January and March 2016, securities class action lawsuits were filed against us, our chief executive officer, our former chief operating officer and our former chief financial officer in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. Each complaint was brought on behalf of an alleged class of those who purchased our common stock between March 5, 2015 and September 8, 2015, and alleges claims arising under Sections 10 and 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Each complaint generally alleges that the defendants violated the federal securities laws by, among other things, making material misstatements or omissions concerning IGNITE2. Each complaint seeks, among other relief, unspecified compensatory damages and attorneys  fees, and costs. In May 2016, the complaints were consolidated and the court appointed lead plaintiffs and lead counsel. The lead plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint in July 2016 and filed a further amended consolidated complaint in August 2016. In October 2016 we filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint in its entirety. We believe we have valid defenses against these claims, and will engage in a vigorous defense of such litigation. 
 In addition, in May 2016, Donald Britton filed a shareholder derivative complaint against our chief executive officer; our former chief operating officer; our former chief financial officer; all the members of our current board of directors; a former board member; and against the company as nominal defendant, in Massachusetts Superior Court (Suffolk County). The complaint generally alleges that the individual defendants breached fiduciary duties owed to the company and its shareholders by disseminating materially false and misleading statements to the market concerning IGNITE2. The complaint purports to assert derivative claims against the individual defendants for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, and waste of corporate assets, and seeks to recover on behalf of the company for any liability the company incurs as a result of the individual defendants  alleged misconduct. The complaint seeks declaratory, equitable and monetary relief, an unspecified amount of damages, with interest, and attorney s fees and costs.   In August 2016, this action was dismissed by the Massachusetts Superior Court without prejudice due to plaintiff s failure to perfect service of process in a timely manner. 
     Item 1A. RISK FACTORS  
 Our business faces many risks. We caution you that the following important factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, press releases, communications with investors and oral statements. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks we do not yet know of or which we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer and the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 Risks Relating to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 
 We have incurred significant losses since inception, expect to incur losses for at least the next several years and may never achieve or sustain profitability. 
 We have incurred annual net operating losses in every year since our inception. Our net loss was $55.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, $83.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 and $66.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $324.7 million. We have not generated any product revenues and have financed our operations primarily through the public offering and private placements of our equity securities, debt financings and revenue from U.S. government grants and contract awards. We have not completed development of any product candidate and have devoted substantially all of our financial resources and efforts to research and development, including preclinical and clinical development. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for at least the next several years. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. Net losses and negative cash flows have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders  equity and working capital. 
 We expect that our expenses will increase in 2017 compared to 2016  as we commence IGNITE3 and IGNITE4,  conduct pre-commercialization and launch-related activities for eravacycline, seek marketing approval for eravacycline, pursue development of eravacycline for additional indications, conduct additional manufacturing process activities related to eravacycline, manufacture drug product for our clinical and pre-clinical trials, advance our other product candidates and satisfy our obligations under our license agreement with Harvard University, or Harvard. If we obtain marketing approval of eravacycline or any other product candidate, we also expect to incur significant sales, marketing, and distribution and outsourced manufacturing expenses, as well as ongoing research and development expenses. Our expenses also will increase if and as we: 
   
 28 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio;     

in-license or acquire other products and technologies;     

hire additional clinical, quality control and scientific personnel; and     

add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and planned future commercialization efforts.     

 Our ability to become and remain profitable depends on our ability to generate revenue. We do not expect to generate significant revenue unless and until we obtain marketing approval for, and commercialize, eravacycline, which will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including: 

commencing, conducting and successfully completing IGNITE3 and IGNITE4;     

applying for and obtaining marketing approval for eravacycline;     

protecting and maintaining our rights to our intellectual property portfolio related to eravacycline;     

contracting for the manufacture of commercial quantities of eravacycline; and     

establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities to effectively market and sell eravacycline.     

 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. Our expenses could increase if we are required by the FDA or the EMA to perform clinical trials and non-clinical studies in addition to those that are currently being conducted or are currently expected, or if there are any delays in completing our clinical trials, the development of any of our product candidates or the manufacture of any of our product candidates. 
 We may be unable to develop and commercialize eravacycline or any other product candidate and, even if we do, may never achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could cause our stockholders to lose all or part of their investment in us. 
 We expect that we will need additional funding. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization efforts. 
 Developing pharmaceutical products, including conducting preclinical studies, clinical trials and manufacturing activities, is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete.  We expect that our expenses will increase in 2017 as compared to 2016 as we conduct IGNITE3 and IGNITE4,  conduct pre-commercialization and launch-related activities for eravacycline, seek marketing approval for eravacycline, pursue development of eravacycline for additional indications, conduct additional manufacturing process activities related to eravacycline,  manufacture drug product for our clinical and pre-clinical trials, advance  our other product candidates and satisfy our obligations under our license agreement with Harvard. If we obtain marketing approval for eravacycline or any other product candidate that we develop, we also expect to incur significant sales, marketing, distribution and outsourced manufacturing expenses, as well as ongoing research and development expenses. 
 We believe that our available funds will be sufficient to support our operations into the second half of 2018, which we believe would allow us to obtain results from IGNITE4 and file the NDA for IV eravacycline for the treatment of cIAI. We do not believe these funds will be sufficient, however, to enable us to commercially launch eravacycline, complete IGNITE3 and submit an sNDA for IV eravacycline for the treatment of cUTI. It is also possible that we will not achieve the progress that we expect with respect to eravacycline because the actual costs and timing of clinical development activities are difficult to predict and are subject to substantial risks and delays. As a result, we will be required to obtain further funding through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and licensing arrangements or other sources. 
 These estimates are based on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Changing circumstances could cause us to consume capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to spend more money than currently expected because of circumstances beyond our control. 
 Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. 
   
 29 

Our future funding requirements, both short-term and long-term, will depend on many factors,   including:  

the timing, design and costs of IGNITE3 and IGNITE4;     

the timing and costs of our ongoing clinical trials for our other product candidates;     

the timing and costs of manufacturing activities related to regulatory filings and anticipated commercial launch;     

the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our other product candidates and potential product candidates;     

the amount of funding that we receive under our subcontracts awarded to us by our collaborator CUBRC, Inc., or CUBRC, under its government contracts with the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, or BARDA, and with the National Institutes of Health s, or NIH s, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, or NIAID, and under our subaward from CUBRC under its grant from NIAID, and the activities funded under these contracts;     

the number and characteristics of product candidates that we pursue;     

the timing and costs of developing eravacycline for additional indications;     

the outcome, timing and costs of seeking regulatory approvals;     

the costs of commercialization activities for eravacycline and other product candidates if we receive marketing approval, including the timing and costs of establishing product sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing capabilities;     

revenue received from commercial sales of eravacycline, subject to receipt of marketing approval;     

the terms and timing of any future collaborations, partnerships, licensing, marketing, distribution or other arrangements that we may establish;     

the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution, defense and enforcement of any patents or other intellectual property rights, including milestone and royalty payments and patent prosecution fees that we are obligated to pay to Harvard pursuant to our license agreement;     

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and protecting our intellectual property rights and defending against intellectual property related claims; and     

the extent to which we in-license or acquire other products and technologies.     

 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 Currently, our only external source of funds is funding under subcontracts and a subaward awarded to us by CUBRC pursuant to government contracts from BARDA and NIAID and a grant from NIAID. Although the BARDA contract and our subcontract with CUBRC under the BARDA contract have terms which currently expire on May 10, 2018, BARDA is entitled to terminate the project for convenience at any time, and is not obligated to provide continued funding beyond current-year amounts from congressionally approved annual appropriations. To the extent that BARDA ceases to provide funding of the program to CUBRC, CUBRC has the right to cease providing funding to us. Committed funding from CUBRC under our BARDA subcontract is up to $41.6 million from the initial contract date through May 10, 2018, of which $32.3 million had been received through September 30, 2016. The committed funding under the BARDA subcontract has increased since the initial award in 2012 due to BARDA s exercise of options to continue to fund specific work performed by us related to eravacycline. 
   Similarly, although the NIAID contract and our subcontract with CUBRC under the NIAID contract have terms which currently expire on December 31, 2018, NIAID is entitled to terminate the project for convenience at any time, and is not obligated to provide continued funding beyond December 31, 2018. To the extent NIAID ceases to provide funding of the programs to CUBRC, CUBRC has the right to cease providing funding to us. Committed funding from CUBRC under our subcontract with respect to the NIAID contract is up to $15.1 million, of which $10.3 million had been received through September 30, 2016. The committed funding under the NIAID subcontract has increased since the initial award in 2011 due to NIAID s exercise of options to continue to fund specific work performed by us related to TP-271. In addition, although the NIAID grant has a term which currently expires on May 31, 2017 and our subaward from CUBRC has a term which currently expires on May 31, 2017, NIAID is entitled to terminate the project for convenience at any time, and is not obligated to provide continued funding beyond May 31, 2017. To the extent NIAID ceases to provide funding of the programs to CUBRC, CUBRC has the right to cease providing funding to us. Committed funding from  
   
 30 

CUBRC under our subaward with respect to the NIAID grant is $0.9   million from the initial grant date through May 31, 2017, of which $0.8 million had been received through September 30, 2016.  
 As a result, unless and until we can generate a substantial amount of revenue from our product candidates, we expect to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or collaborations and licensing arrangements. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders may be materially diluted, and the terms of these securities could include liquidation or other preferences and anti-dilution protections that could adversely affect their rights. In addition, debt financing, if available, would result in increased fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants that limit our ability to take specific corporate actions, such as incurring additional debt, merging with or acquiring another entity, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends, that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition, securing additional financing would require a substantial amount of time and attention from our management and may divert a disproportionate amount of their attention away from day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our management s ability to oversee the development of our product candidates. 
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. 
 We have a limited operating history and no history of commercializing pharmaceutical products, which may make it difficult to evaluate the prospects for our future viability. 
 We began operations in the third quarter of 2006. Our operations to date have been limited to financing and staffing our company, developing our technology and developing eravacycline and other product candidates. We have not yet demonstrated an ability to obtain marketing approval, manufacture a commercial scale product, or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Consequently, predictions about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or a history of successfully developing and commercializing pharmaceutical products. 
 Risks Related to Product Development and Commercialization 
 We are dependent on the success of our lead product candidate, eravacycline, and our ability to develop, obtain marketing approval for and successfully commercialize eravacycline. If we are unable to develop, obtain marketing approval for and successfully commercialize eravacycline or experience significant delays in doing so, our business could be materially harmed. 
 We currently have no products approved for sale and have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial resources in the development of eravacycline for use as a first-line empiric monotherapy for the treatment of multidrug-resistant infections. In December 2014, we announced that eravacycline met the primary endpoint of statistical non-inferiority in IGNITE1, a phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of eravacycline with intravenous, or IV, administration for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections, or cIAI, compared to ertapenem, an intravenously, or IV, administered antibiotic, the control therapy for this trial. In September 2015, we announced that eravacycline did not meet the primary endpoint of statistical non-inferiority in IGNITE2, a phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of eravacycline for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infection, or cUTI, with IV-to-oral transition therapy, compared to levofloxacin, an IV and orally administered antibiotic that was the control therapy for the trial. Consistent with guidance issued by the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, with respect to the development of antibiotics for cIAI and our previous discussions with the FDA, we had planned to utilize results from these two phase 3 clinical trials to support submission of a new drug application, or NDA, for eravacycline for the treatment of cIAI and cUTI.  
 Following the result of IGNITE2 and further discussion with the FDA, the FDA advised us that data from one additional positive phase 3 clinical trial would be required to support an NDA submission for IV eravacycline. We are conducting an additional phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of eravacycline with IV administration for the treatment of cIAI, IGNITE4.  If IGNITE4 is successful, we plan to use the results from IGNITE1 and IGNITE4 to support submission of an NDA for IV eravacycline for the treatment of cIAI.  We also plan to conduct a phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of eravacycline with IV administration for the treatment of cUTI, IGNITE3.  If IGNITE3 is successful, we plan to use the results from IGNITE3 to support submission of a supplemental new drug application, or sNDA, for IV eravacycline for the treatment of cUTI, assuming approval first of IV eravacycline for the treatment of cIAI.  We are also evaluating the timing of a regulatory submission for eravacycline to the European Medicines Agency, or EMA. 
   
 31 

In October 2016,   w  e   initiated dosing in IGNITE4, a phase 3 randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, multicenter, prospective study that is designed to assess   the efficacy, safety and pharmacokinetics of twice-daily IV eravacycline   (1.0 mg/kg every 12 hours)   compared to merop  enem (1g every 8 hours), the control therapy in this trial, for the treatment of cIAI.   The study is expected   to enroll approximately 450 adult patients at 75 centers worldwide.   The primary endpoint of IGNITE4 is clinical response at the test-of-cure (TOC)   visit, which occurs 25 to 31 days after the initial dose of the study drug. The primary efficacy analysis will be conducted using a 12.5% non-inferiority margin in the microbiological intent-to-treat (micro-ITT) population.   We   expect top-line results as ea  rly as the fourth quarter of 2017.   
 Our prospects are substantially dependent on our ability to develop, obtain marketing approval for and successfully commercialize eravacycline. The success of eravacycline will depend on several factors, including the following: 

successful outcome of discussions with regulatory agencies regarding our planned marketing applications;     

successful completion and favorable results of IGNITE3 and IGNITE4, and any additional clinical trials involving eravacycline that we may conduct;     

successful manufacturing and validation of registration batches for regulatory filings for eravacycline;     

timely filing for and receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities;     

establishment of arrangements with third-party manufacturers to obtain manufacturing supply;     

obtainment and maintenance of patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity;     

protection of our rights in our intellectual property portfolio;     

successful manufacturing of commercial scale batches of eravacycline;     

commercial launch of eravacycline, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others;     

acceptance of eravacycline, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors;     

competition with other therapies; and     

a continued acceptable safety profile of eravacycline following approval.     

 Successful development of eravacycline for additional indications will be subject to these same risks. 
 If we are unable to develop, receive marketing approval for, or successfully commercialize eravacycline, or experience delays as a result of any of these matters or otherwise, our business could be materially harmed. 
 If clinical trials of eravacycline or of any other product candidate that we advance to clinical trials fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities or do not otherwise produce favorable results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of eravacycline or any other product candidate. 
 We are not permitted to commercialize, market, promote, or sell any product candidate in the United States without obtaining marketing approval from the FDA or in other countries without obtaining approvals from comparable foreign regulatory authorities, such as the EMA, and we may never receive such approvals. We must complete extensive preclinical development and clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans before we will be able to obtain these approvals. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is inherently uncertain as to outcome. We have not previously submitted an NDA to the FDA or similar drug approval filings to comparable foreign regulatory authorities for any of our product candidates. 
 The clinical development of eravacycline and other product candidates is susceptible to the risk of failure inherent at any stage of drug development, including failure to achieve efficacy in a trial or across a broad population of patients, the occurrence of severe adverse events, failure to comply with protocols or applicable regulatory requirements, and determination by the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority that a drug product is not approvable. The outcome of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. For example, although eravacycline achieved favorable results in the lead-in part of IGNITE2, the pivotal portion of IGNITE2 did not meet the primary endpoint of statistical non-inferiority compared to levofloxacin. In October 2016, we initiated dosing in  IGNITE4.  W e plan to conduct IGNITE3 .  We may fail to achieve success in either or both of these phase 3 trials or any other future clinical trial of eravacycline or any other product candidate.  
   
 32 

In   addition, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses. Many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obta  in marketing approval for the product candidates. Even if we believe that the results of our clinical trials warrant marketing approval, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree and may not grant marketing approval of our product c  andidates.  
 In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety and/or efficacy results between different trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, adherence to the dosing regimen and other trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. In the case of our clinical trials, results may differ on the basis of the type of bacteria with which patients are infected. We cannot be certain that IGNITE4, IGNITE3, any phase 2, phase 3 or other clinical trials that we may conduct will demonstrate consistent or adequate efficacy and safety to obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates. 
 We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent us from obtaining regulatory approval for eravacycline or any of our other product candidates, including: 

clinical trials of our product candidates may produce unfavorable or inconclusive results;     

we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon product development programs;     

the number of patients required for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate or participants may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate;     

our third-party contractors, including those manufacturing our product candidates or conducting clinical trials on our behalf, may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all;     

regulators or institutional review boards may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site;     

we may have delays in reaching or fail to reach agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts or clinical trial protocols with prospective trial sites;     

we may have to suspend or terminate clinical trials of our product candidates for various reasons, including a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks, undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics of the product candidate;     

regulators or institutional review boards may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks, undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics of the product candidate;     

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we enter into agreement for clinical and commercial supplies;     

the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient or inadequate; and     

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval.     

 If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of eravacycline, either in an intravenous or oral dosage form, or any other product candidate that we develop beyond the trials and testing that we contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our product candidates or other testing, if the results of these trials or tests are unfavorable or are only modestly favorable or if there are safety concerns associated with eravacycline or our other product candidates, we may: 

be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates;     

not obtain marketing approval at all;     

obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired;     

obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or significant safety warnings, including boxed warnings;     

33 

be subject to additional post-marketing testing or other requirements; or     

remove the product from the market after obtaining marketing approval.     

 Our product development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or marketing approvals and we may be required to obtain additional funds to complete clinical trials. We cannot be certain that our clinical trials will begin as planned or be completed on schedule, if at all, or that we will not need to restructure our trials after they have begun. Significant clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates, which may harm our business and results of operations. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, clinical trial delays may ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of eravacycline or any other product candidate. 
 If we experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment of patients in clinical trials, our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented. 
 We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials for eravacycline or any other product candidate that we develop if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in clinical trials for eravacycline or such other product candidate as required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, such as the EMA. Patient enrollment is a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials, and is affected by many factors, including: 

the size and nature of the patient population;     

the severity of the disease under investigation;     

the proximity of patients to clinical sites;     

the eligibility criteria for the trial;     

the design of the clinical trial; and     

competing clinical trials and clinicians  and patients  perceptions as to the potential advantages and risks of the drug being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating.     

 The inclusion and exclusion criteria for IGNITE3 and IGNITE4 may adversely affect our enrollment rates for patients in these trials. In addition, many of our competitors also have ongoing clinical trials for product candidates that treat the same indications as eravacycline, and patients who would otherwise be eligible for our clinical trials may instead enroll in clinical trials of our competitors  product candidates. 
 Our inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials would result in significant delays or may require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. Enrollment delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product candidates, slow down or halt our product development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues, which would cause the value of our company to decline and limit our ability to obtain additional financing if needed. 
   
 34 

Serious adverse events or undesirable side effects or other unexpected properties of eravacyclin  e or any other product candidate may be identified during development or after approval, if obtained, that could delay, prevent or cause the withdrawal of the product candidates  regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or re  sult in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if obtained.  
 Serious adverse events or undesirable side effects caused by, or other unexpected properties of, our product candidates could cause us, an institutional review board, or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt our clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label, the imposition of distribution or use restrictions or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. If eravacycline or any of our other product candidates are associated with serious adverse events or undesirable side effects or have properties that are unexpected, we may need to abandon their development or limit development to certain uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. Many compounds that initially showed promise in clinical or earlier stage testing have later been found to cause undesirable or unexpected side effects that prevented further development of the compound. In our clinical trials of eravacycline, some treatment-related adverse events have been reported. The most common treatment-related adverse events observed in clinical trials of eravacycline have been nausea and emesis. Additional adverse events, undesirable side effects or other unexpected properties of eravacycline or any of our other product candidates could arise or become known either during clinical development or, if approved, after the approved product has been marketed. If such an event occurs during development, our trials could be suspended or terminated and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of, or deny approval of, eravacycline or our other product candidates. If such an event occurs after eravacycline or such other product candidates are approved, a number of potentially significant negative consequences may result, including: 

regulatory authorities may withdraw the approval of such product;     

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label or impose distribution or use restrictions;     

regulatory authorities may require one or more postmarketing studies;     

we may be required to create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients;     

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and     

our reputation may suffer.     

 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product candidate, if approved, or could substantially increase commercialization costs and expenses, which could delay or prevent us from generating revenues from the sale of our products and harm our business and results of operations. 
 Even if eravacycline or any other product candidate that we develop receives marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success and the market opportunity for eravacycline or other product candidates may be smaller than we estimate. 
 We have never commercialized a product candidate for any indication. Even if eravacycline or any other product candidates that we develop are approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities for marketing and sale, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. Efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may not be successful. If physicians, rightly or wrongly, associate our product candidates with antibiotic resistance issues of other products of the same class, physicians might not prescribe our product candidates for treating a broad range of infections. If eravacycline or any other product candidate that we develop does not achieve an adequate level of market acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues and, therefore, we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of eravacycline, if approved, or any other product candidate that is approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the efficacy and safety of the product;     

the potential advantages of the product compared to alternative treatments;     

the prevalence and severity of any side effects;     

the clinical indications for which the product is approved;     

limitations or warnings, including distribution or use restrictions, contained in the product s approved labeling or an approved risk evaluation and mitigation strategy;     

our ability to offer the product for sale at competitive prices;     

35 

the product s conveni  ence and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments, including, in the case of eravacycline, the availability of the oral formulation that we are developing for use in intravenous-to-oral transition therapy;     

the willingness of the target patient population to try, and of physicians to prescribe, the product;     

whether the product is designated under physician treatment guidelines as a first-line therapy or as a second- or third-line therapy for particular infections;     

the strength of marketing and distribution support;     

the approval of other new products for the same indications;     

the timing of market introduction of our approved products as well as competitive products;     

the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments;     

availability and level of coverage and amount of reimbursement from government payors, managed care plans and other third-party payors;     

the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts;     

adverse publicity about the product or favorable publicity about competitive products; and     

the development of resistance by bacterial strains to the product.     

 In addition, the potential market opportunity for eravacycline is difficult to estimate. Our estimates of the potential market opportunity are predicated on several key assumptions such as industry knowledge, third-party research reports and other surveys. While we believe that our internal assumptions are reasonable, these assumptions involve the exercise of significant judgment on the part of our management, are inherently uncertain and the reasonableness of these assumptions has not been assessed by an independent source. If any of the assumptions proves to be inaccurate, then the actual market for eravacycline could be smaller than our estimates of the potential market opportunity. If the actual market for eravacycline is smaller than we expect, or if the product fails to achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, health care payors and patients, our product revenue may be limited and it may be more difficult for us to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 If we are unable to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities or enter into sales, marketing and distribution agreements with third parties, we may not be successful in commercializing eravacycline or such other product candidates that we develop if and when eravacycline or any other product candidates are approved. 
 We do not have a sales, marketing or distribution infrastructure and have no experience in the sale, marketing or distribution of pharmaceutical products. To achieve commercial success for any approved product, we must either develop a sales and marketing organization or outsource these functions to third parties. We intend to develop and build a commercial organization in the United States and recruit experienced sales, marketing and distribution professionals, which will require substantial resources, will be time-consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing and distribution capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization costs. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel. In addition, we may not be able to hire a sales force in the United States that is sufficient in size or has adequate expertise in the medical markets that we intend to target. If we are unable to establish a sales force and marketing and distribution capabilities, our operating results may be adversely affected. 
 Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize our products on our own include: 

our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel;     

the ability of sales personnel to obtain access to or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe any future products;     

the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and     

unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization.     

36 

We plan to commercialize eravacycline outside the United States wi  th the assistance of collaborators. As a result of entering into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing and distribution services, our product revenues or the profitability of these product revenues to us may be lower than if we were t  o directly market and sell products in those markets. Furthermore, we may be unsuccessful in entering into the necessary arrangements with third parties or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. In addition, we likely will have little co  ntrol over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively.  
 If we do not establish sales and marketing capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates. 
 We face substantial competition from other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and our operating results may suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 The development and commercialization of new drug products is highly competitive. We face competition from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide with respect to eravacycline and our other product candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future. There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell products or are pursuing the development of product candidates for the treatment of multidrug-resistant infections. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing technologies and drug products that are more effective or less costly than any product candidates that we are currently developing or that we may develop, which could render our product candidates obsolete or noncompetitive. 
 There are a variety of available therapies marketed for the treatment of resistant or even multidrug-resistant infections that we would expect would compete with eravacycline, including ceftazidime/avibactam, which is marketed by Allergan, Inc. as Avycaz; meropenem, which is marketed by AstraZeneca as Merrem; ceftolozane/tazobactam, imipenem/cilastatin, and ertapenem which are marketed by Merck   Co., Inc. as Zerbaxa, Primaxin and Invanz, respectively; tigecycline, which is marketed by Pfizer, Inc. as Tygacil; and piperacillin/tazobactam, which is marketed by Pfizer, Inc. as Zosyn. Many of the available therapies are well established and widely accepted by physicians, patients and third-party payors. Insurers and other third-party payors may also encourage the use of generic products. If eravacycline is approved, it may be priced at a significant premium over other competitive products. This may make it difficult for eravacycline to compete with these products. 
 There are also a number of products currently in phase 3 development by third parties to treat multidrug-resistant infections, including meropenem/vaborbactam, which is being developed by The Medicines Company as Carbavance, plazomicin, which is being developed by Achaogen, Inc., and imipenem/relebactam, which is being developed by Merck   Co., Inc. Some of these companies may obtain marketing approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for their product candidates more rapidly than we do, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market.  
 Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials and obtaining regulatory approvals than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 In July 2012, the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act was passed, which included the Generating Antibiotics Incentives Now Act, or the GAIN Act. The GAIN Act is intended to provide incentives for the development of new, qualified infectious disease products. These incentives may result in more competition in the market for new antibiotics, and may cause pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with more resources than we have to shift their efforts towards the development of products that could be competitive with eravacycline and our other product candidates. 
   
 37 

Even if we are able to com  mercialize eravacycline or any other product candidate that we develop, the product may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party payor coverage and reimbursement policies or healthcare reform initiatives that could harm our business.  
 Marketing approvals, pricing, coverage and reimbursement for new drug products vary widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain marketing approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time periods, which may negatively impact the revenues we are able to generate from the sale of the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more product candidates, even if our product candidates obtain marketing approval. 
 Our ability to commercialize eravacycline or any other product candidate will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government authorities, private health insurers, health maintenance organizations and other third-party payors. The healthcare industry is acutely focused on cost containment, both in the United States and elsewhere. As a result, government authorities and third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications, which could affect our ability to sell our product candidates profitably. 
 There may also be delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the indications for which the drug is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring higher levels of evidence of the benefits and clinical outcomes of new technologies and are challenging the prices charged. Moreover, obtaining coverage does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Reimbursement rates may vary, by way of example, according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used. Reimbursement rates may also be based in part on existing reimbursement amounts for lower cost drugs or may be bundled into the payments for other services. 
 We cannot be sure that coverage will be available for eravacycline or any other product candidate that we commercialize and, if available, that the reimbursement rates will be adequate. Further, the net reimbursement for drug products may be subject to additional reductions if there are changes to laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. An inability to promptly obtain coverage and adequate payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for any approved products that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition. 
 Product liability lawsuits against us could divert our resources, cause us to incur substantial liabilities and limit commercialization of any products that we may develop. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability claims as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates despite obtaining appropriate informed consents from our clinical trial participants. We will face an even greater risk if we commercially sell eravacycline or any other product candidate that we develop. For example, we may be sued if any product we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

reduced resources of our management to pursue our business strategy;     

decreased demand for our product candidates or products that we may develop;     

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention;     

withdrawal of clinical trial participants;     

initiation of investigations by regulators;     

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions;     

significant costs to defend resulting litigation;     

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients;     

38 

loss of revenue; and     

the inability to commercialize any products that we may develop.     

 Although we maintain general liability insurance of $6 million in the aggregate and clinical trial liability insurance of $6 million in the aggregate for all product candidates, this insurance may not fully cover potential liabilities that we may incur. The cost of any product liability litigation or other proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. We will need to increase our insurance coverage if and when we begin selling eravacycline or any other product candidate that receives marketing approval. In addition, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive. If we are unable to obtain or maintain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, it could prevent or inhibit the development and commercial production and sale of our product candidates, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. From time to time and in the future, our operations may involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials, and may also produce hazardous waste products. Even if we contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 We maintain workers  compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, but this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. However, we do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us. 
 In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. In addition, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 Our research and development efforts may not result in additional drug candidates being discovered on anticipated timelines, which could limit our ability to generate revenues. 
 Some of our research and development programs are at preclinical stages. Additional drug candidates that we may develop or acquire will require significant commitment of resources. We cannot predict whether our research will lead to the discovery and development of any additional drug candidates that could generate revenues for us. 
 Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 We expect to depend on collaborations with third parties for the development and commercialization of some of our product candidates. Our prospects with respect to those product candidates will depend in part on the success of those collaborations. 
 Although we expect to commercialize eravacycline ourselves in the United States, we intend to seek to commercialize eravacycline outside the United States through collaboration arrangements. In addition, we may seek third-party collaborators for development and commercialization of other product candidates. Our likely collaborators for any marketing, distribution, development, licensing or broader collaboration arrangements include large and mid-size pharmaceutical companies, regional and national pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies. We are not currently party to any such arrangements. 
 We may derive revenue from research and development fees, license fees, milestone payments and royalties under any collaborative arrangement into which we enter. Our ability to generate revenues from these arrangements will depend on our collaborators  abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. In addition, our collaborators may have the right to abandon research or development projects and terminate applicable agreements, including funding obligations, prior to or upon the expiration of the agreed upon terms. As a result, we can expect to relinquish some or all of the control over the future success of a product candidate that we license to a third party. 
   
 39 

Collaborations involving our product candidates may pose a number of risks, including the following:  

collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations;     

collaborators may not perform their obligations as expected or in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements;     

collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators  strategic focus or available funding, or external factors, such as an acquisition, that divert resources or create competing priorities;     

collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing;     

product candidates discovered in collaboration with us may be viewed by our collaborators as competitive with their own product candidates or products, which may cause collaborators to cease to devote resources to the commercialization of our product candidates;     

a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products;     

disagreements with collaborators, including disagreements over proprietary rights, contract interpretation or the preferred course of development, might cause delays or termination of the research, development or commercialization of product candidates, might lead to additional responsibilities for us with respect to product candidates, or might result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time-consuming and expensive;     

collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation;     

collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; and     

collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates.     

 Collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of product candidates in the most efficient manner or at all. If a collaborator of ours is involved in a business combination, it could decide to delay, diminish or terminate the development or commercialization of any product candidate licensed to it by us. 
 We may have to alter our development and commercialization plans if we are not able to establish collaborations. 
 We will require additional funds to complete the development and potential commercialization of eravacycline and our other product candidates. For some of our product candidates, we may decide to collaborate with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for the development and potential commercialization of those product candidates. For example, we intend to utilize a variety of types of collaboration arrangements for commercialization of eravacycline outside the United States. Our ability to enter into any such collaboration may be significantly delayed, or the terms on which we enter into collaborations may be adversely affected, due to the unfavorable results of IGNITE2 or if the results from one or both IGNITE3 or IGNITE4 are unfavorable. 
 We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Whether we reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include: 

the design or results of clinical trials;     

the likelihood of approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities;     

the potential market for the subject product candidate;     

the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering such product candidate to patients;     

the potential for competing products;     

40 

our patent position protecting the product candidate, including any unc  ertainty with respect to our ownership of our technology or our licensor s ownership of technology we license from them, which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without regard to the merits of the challenge;     

the need to seek licenses or sub-licenses to third-party intellectual property; and     

industry and market conditions generally.     

 The collaborator may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available for collaboration and whether such collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate. We may also be restricted under future license agreements from entering into agreements on certain terms with potential collaborators. In addition, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. 
 If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable collaborators on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a product candidate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to fund and undertake development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we fail to enter into collaborations and do not have sufficient funds or expertise to undertake the necessary development and commercialization activities, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates or bring them to market and our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. If they do not perform satisfactorily, our business may be materially harmed. 
 We do not independently conduct clinical trials of eravacycline. We rely on third parties, such as contract research organizations, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions and clinical investigators, to conduct our clinical trials. Any of these third parties may terminate their engagements with us at any time. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements, it would delay our product development activities. 
 Our reliance on these third parties for clinical development activities limits our control over these activities but we remain responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards. For example, notwithstanding the obligations of a contract research organization for a trial of one of our product candidates, we remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial. Moreover, the FDA requires us to comply with standards, commonly referred to as current Good Clinical Practices, or cGCPs, for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. The FDA enforces these cGCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators, clinical trial sites and institutional review boards. If we or our third-party contractors fail to comply with applicable cGCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our product candidates, which would delay the regulatory approval process. We cannot be certain that, upon inspection, the FDA will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with cGCPs. We are also required to register clinical trials and post the results of completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database, ClinicalTrials.gov, within certain timeframes. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 
 Furthermore, the third parties conducting clinical trials on our behalf are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such contractors, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing development programs. These contractors may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities, which could impede their ability to devote appropriate time to our clinical programs. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we may not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for our product candidates. If that occurs, we will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates. In such an event, our financial results and the commercial prospects for eravacycline or any other product candidates that we seek to develop could be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed, impaired or foreclosed. 
 We also rely on other third parties to store and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors could delay clinical development or marketing approval of our product candidates or commercialization of any resulting products, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. 
   
 41 

We contract with third parties for the manufacture of eravacycline for clinical trials and expect to continue to do so in connection with the commercialization of eravacycline and for clinical trials and commercialization of any other product   candidates that we develop. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercia  lization efforts.  
 We do not currently have nor do we plan to build the internal infrastructure or capability to manufacture eravacycline or our other product candidates for use in the conduct of our clinical trials or for commercial supply. We currently rely on and expect to continue to rely on third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture clinical supplies of eravacycline and our other product candidates, and we expect to rely on third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture registration batches and commercial quantities of any product candidate that we commercialize following approval for marketing by applicable regulatory authorities. Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks, including: 

delays in the manufacture of our clinical drug supply, registration and validation batches and commercial supply if our third-party manufacturers give greater priority to the supply of other products over our product candidates or otherwise do not satisfactorily perform according to the terms of the agreement between us;     

equipment malfunctions, power outages or other general disruptions experienced by our third-party manufacturers to their respective operations and other general problems with a multi-step manufacturing process;     

the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us;     

the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third-party;     

the failure of the third-party manufacturer to comply with applicable regulatory requirements; and     

the possible misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how.     

 We currently rely on a small number of third-party contract manufacturers for all of our required raw materials, drug substance and finished product for our preclinical research and clinical trials. We do not have long-term agreements with any of these third parties. We also do not have any current contractual relationships for the manufacture of commercial supplies of any of our other product candidates. If any of our existing manufacturers should become unavailable to us for any reason, we may incur some delay in identifying or qualifying replacements. 
 If any of our product candidates are approved by any regulatory agency, we intend to enter into agreements with third-party contract manufacturers for the commercial production of those products. This process is difficult and time consuming and we may face competition for access to manufacturing facilities as there are a limited number of contract manufacturers operating under cGMPs that are capable of manufacturing our product candidates. Consequently, we may not be able to reach agreement with third-party manufacturers on satisfactory terms, which could delay our commercialization. 
 Third-party manufacturers are required to comply with cGMPs and similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. Facilities used by our third-party manufacturers must be inspected by the FDA after we submit an NDA and before potential approval of the product candidate. Similar regulations apply to manufacturers of our product candidates for use or sale in foreign countries. We do not control the manufacturing process and are completely dependent on our third-party manufacturers for compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements for the manufacture of our product candidates. If our manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA and any applicable foreign regulatory authority, they will not be able to secure the applicable approval for their manufacturing facilities. If these facilities are not approved for commercial manufacture, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which could result in delays in obtaining approval for the applicable product candidate as alternative qualified manufacturing facilities may not be available on a timely basis or at all. In addition, our manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies for compliance with cGMPs and similar regulatory requirements. Failure by any of our manufacturers to comply with applicable cGMPs or other regulatory requirements could result in sanctions being imposed on us or the contract manufacturer, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspensions or withdrawals of approvals, operating restrictions, interruptions in supply and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our product candidates and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of eravacycline and any other product candidate that we develop may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any products that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 
   
 42 

If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we in-license or acquire   development or commercialization rights to products or technology from third parties, we could lose commercial rights that are important to our business.  
 We are a party to a license agreement with Harvard that imposes, and we may enter into additional agreements, including license agreements, with other parties in the future that impose, diligence, development and commercialization timelines, milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us. For instance, under our license agreement with Harvard, we are obligated to satisfy diligence requirements, including using commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed compounds and to implement a specified development plan, meeting specified development milestones and providing an update on progress on an annual basis. If we fail to comply with these obligations, our counterparties may have the right to terminate these agreements, in which event we might not be able to develop, manufacture or market any product that is covered by these agreements, which could materially adversely affect the value of the product candidate being developed under any such agreement. Termination of these agreements or reduction or elimination of our rights under these agreements may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated agreements with less favorable terms, or cause us to lose our rights under these agreements, including our rights to important intellectual property or technology. 
 Our reliance on government funding for certain of our programs adds uncertainty to our research and commercialization efforts with respect to those programs. 
 Our development of eravacycline for the treatment of disease caused by bacterial biothreat pathogens and certain life-threatening multidrug-resistant bacteria is currently being funded through a subcontract with funding from BARDA. In addition, our development of TP-271 is being funded through a subcontract and grant subaward with funding from the NIH s NIAID division. Contracts and grants funded by the U.S. government and its agencies, including our agreements funded by BARDA and NIAID, include provisions that reflect the government s substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts, including, but not limited to powers of the government to: 

terminate agreements, in whole or in part, for any reason or no reason;     

reduce or modify the government s obligations under such agreements without the consent of the other party;     

claim rights, including intellectual property rights, in products and data developed under such agreements;     

suspend the contractor or grantee from receiving new contracts pending resolution of alleged violations of procurement laws or regulations;     

impose U.S. manufacturing requirements for products that embody inventions conceived or first reduced to practice under such agreements;     

control and potentially prohibit the export of products;     

pursue criminal or civil remedies under the False Claims Act, False Statements Act and similar remedy provisions specific to government agreements; and     

limit the government s financial liability to amounts appropriated by the U.S. Congress on a fiscal-year basis, thereby leaving some uncertainty about the future availability of funding for a program even after it has been funded for an initial period.     

 We may not have the right to prohibit the U.S. government from using certain technologies developed by us, and we may not be able to prohibit third-party companies, including our competitors, from using those technologies in providing products and services to the U.S. government. The U.S. government generally takes the position that it has the right to royalty-free use of technologies that are developed under U.S. government contracts. 
   
 43 

In addition, government contracts and   grants, and subcontracts and subawards awarded in the performance of those contracts and grants, normally contain additional requirements that may increase our costs of doing business, reduce our profits, and expose us to liability for failure to comply wi  th these terms and conditions.   
 As an organization, we are relatively new to government contracting and new to the regulatory compliance obligations that such contracting entails. If we fail to maintain compliance with those obligations, we may be subject to potential liability and to termination of our contracts. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient patent protection for our technology or our product candidates, or if the scope of the patent protection is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and product candidates may be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our proprietary chemistry technology and product candidates. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, competitors may be able to use our technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could harm our business and ability to achieve profitability. To protect our proprietary position, we file patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our novel technologies and product candidates that are important to our business. The patent application and approval process is expensive and time consuming. We may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. We may also fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development before it is too late to obtain patent protection. 
 Under our license agreement with Harvard, Harvard retains the right to prosecute and maintain specified Harvard patents and patent applications in the field of tetracycline chemistry, which are exclusively licensed to us under the agreement. Moreover, if we license technology or product candidates from third parties in the future, those licensors may retain the right to prosecute, maintain and enforce the patent rights that they license to us with or without our involvement. Because control of prosecution and maintenance rests with Harvard, and prosecution, maintenance and enforcement could rest with future licensors, we cannot be certain that these in-licensed patents and applications will be prosecuted, maintained and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If Harvard fails to prosecute or maintain, or future licensors fail to prosecute, maintain or enforce, those patents necessary for any of our product candidates, our ability to develop and commercialize those product candidates may be adversely affected and we may not be able to prevent competitors from making and selling competing products. 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents has emerged to date in the United States or in many foreign jurisdictions. In addition, the determination of patent rights with respect to pharmaceutical compounds and technologies commonly involves complex legal and factual questions, which has in recent years been the subject of much litigation. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Furthermore, recent changes in patent laws in the United States, including the America Invents Act of 2011, may affect the scope, strength and enforceability of our patent rights or the nature of proceedings which may be brought by us related to our patent rights. 
 Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued that protect our technology or product candidates, in whole or in part, or that effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. 
 As a result of the America Invents Act of 2011, the United States transitioned to a first-inventor-to-file system in March 2013, under which, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application is entitled to the patent. However, as a result of the lag in the publication of patent applications following filing in the United States, we are not able to be certain upon filing that we are the first to file for patent protection for any invention. Moreover, we may be subject to a third-party preissuance submission of prior art to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination , inter partes  review or interference proceedings, in the United States or elsewhere, challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of or invalidate our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or product candidates and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. 
   Even if our patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors may be able to circumvent our owned or licensed patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non- 
   
 44 

infringing manner. Our competitors may seek to market generic versions of any approved produc  ts by submitting Abbreviated New Drug Applications to the FDA in which they claim that patents owned or licensed by us are invalid, unenforceable and/or not infringed. Alternatively, our competitors may seek approval to market their own products similar to   or otherwise competitive with our products. In these circumstances, we may need to defend and/or assert our patents, including by filing lawsuits alleging patent infringement. In any of these types of proceedings, a court or other agency with jurisdiction   may find our patents invalid and/or unenforceable. Even if we have valid and enforceable patents, these patents still may not provide protection against competing products or processes sufficient to achieve our business objectives.  
 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our owned and licensed patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and products. In addition, given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property, or those of our licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time consuming and divert the time and attention of our management and scientific personnel. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, there is a risk that a court will decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue. There is also a risk that, even if the validity of such patents is upheld, the court will construe the patent s claims narrowly or decide that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the invention. An adverse outcome in a litigation or proceeding involving our patents could limit our ability to assert our patents against those parties or other competitors, and may curtail or preclude our ability to exclude third parties from making and selling similar or competitive products. Any of these occurrences could adversely affect our competitive business position, business prospects and financial condition. Similarly, if we assert trademark infringement claims, a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark infringement has superior rights to the marks in question. In this case, we could ultimately be forced to cease use of such trademarks. 
 In any infringement litigation, any award of monetary damages we receive may not be commercially valuable. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically last for years before they are concluded. Even if we ultimately prevail in such claims, the monetary cost of such litigation and the diversion of the attention of our management and scientific personnel could outweigh any benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. 
 If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation could be costly and time consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our product candidates. 
 Our commercial success depends, in part, on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary chemistry technology without infringing the intellectual property and other proprietary rights of third parties. Numerous third-party U.S. and non-U.S. issued patents and pending applications exist in the area of antibacterial treatment, including compounds, formulations, treatment methods and synthetic processes that may be applied towards the synthesis of antibiotics. If any of their patents or patent applications cover our product candidates or technologies, we may not be free to manufacture or market our product candidates as planned.  
   There is a substantial amount of intellectual property litigation in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, and we may become party to, or threatened with, litigation or other adversarial proceedings regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our technology or product candidates, including interference proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing or future intellectual property rights. The outcome of intellectual property litigation is subject to uncertainties that cannot be adequately quantified in advance. The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have produced a significant number of patents, and it may not always be clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products or methods of use. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our product candidates, products or methods either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent or that the patent claims are invalid, and  
   
 45 

we may not be able to do this. Proving   invalidity is difficult. For example, in the United States, proving invalidity requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. Even if we are successful in these proceedings, we may in  cur substantial costs and the time and attention of our management and scientific personnel could be diverted in pursuing these proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, we may not have sufficient resources to bring these   actions to a successful conclusion.  
 If we are found to infringe a third-party s intellectual property rights, we could be forced, including by court order, to cease developing, manufacturing or commercializing the infringing product candidate or product. Alternatively, we may be required to obtain a license from such third-party in order to use the infringing technology and continue developing, manufacturing or marketing the infringing product candidate. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys  fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. 
 We may be subject to claims that we or our employees have misappropriated the intellectual property of a third-party, or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 Many of our employees were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees do not use the intellectual property and other proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed such intellectual property or other proprietary information. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. 
 In addition, while we typically require our employees, consultants and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. Moreover, because we have licensed intellectual property from Harvard, we must rely on Harvard s practices with regard to the assignment of intellectual property to it. To the extent we or Harvard have failed to obtain such assignments or such assignments are breached, we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and scientific personnel. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our technology could be materially adversely affected and our business would be harmed. 
 In addition to seeking patents for some of our technology and products, we also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, in seeking to develop and maintain a competitive position. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our consultants, independent contractors, advisors, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, suppliers and other third parties. We, as well as our licensors, also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with employees and certain consultants. Any party with whom we or Harvard have executed such an agreement may breach that agreement and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, if any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent such third-party, or those to whom they communicate such technology or information, from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our business and competitive position could be harmed. 
   
 46 

We have not yet completed registration of our trademarks. Failure to se  cure those registrations could adversely affect our business.  
 Four trademark applications for TETRAPHASE PHARMACEUTICALS, our logo, and combinations of those have been allowed in the United States, meaning that we can perfect our registrations when we have commenced use in commerce. TETRAPHASE PHARMACEUTICALS is registered in five other jurisdictions and pending in seven more. If we do not secure registrations for our trademarks, we may encounter more difficulty in enforcing them against third parties than we otherwise would, which could adversely affect our business. We have also not yet completed registration of our trademarks for any of our product candidates in any jurisdiction. While we have filed trademark applications for eravacycline, those applications may not be allowed for registration, and registered trademarks may not be obtained, maintained or enforced. During trademark registration proceedings in the United States and foreign jurisdictions, we may receive rejections. We are given an opportunity to respond to those rejections, but we may not be able to overcome such rejections. In addition, in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. 
 In addition, any proprietary name we propose to use with eravacycline or any other product candidate in the United States must be approved by the FDA, regardless of whether we have registered it, or applied to register it, as a trademark. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product names, including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other product names. If the FDA objects to any of our proposed proprietary product names, we may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable proprietary product name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA. 
  Risks Related to Regulatory Approval and Other Legal Compliance Matters 
 If we are not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, we will not be able to commercialize eravacycline or any other product candidate that we develop, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 
 Our product candidates, including eravacycline, and the activities associated with their development and commercialization, including their design, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, export, sale and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and by comparable foreign regulatory authorities, with regulations differing from country to country. Failure to obtain marketing approval for a product candidate will prevent us from commercializing the product candidate. We currently do not have any products approved for sale in any jurisdiction. We have only limited experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing approvals and expect to rely on third-party contract research organizations to assist us in this process. 
   
 47 

We are not permitted to market our product candidates in the United States until we receive approval of an NDA from the FDA. We have not submitted an NDA fo  r any of our product candidates. An NDA must include extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to establish the product candidate s safety and efficacy for each desired indication. The NDA must also include significant information   regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls for the product candidate. Obtaining approval of an NDA is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process. The FDA review process typically takes years to complete. The FDA has substantial discretion in the a  pproval process and may refuse to accept for filing any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies or additional information regarding chemistry, manufacturing and con  trols for the product candidate. For example, our progress in the development and commercialization of eravacycline has been significantly delayed as a result of the failure of eravacycline to achieve the primary endpoint in IGNITE2 and may be further dela  yed   as a result of additional clinical outcomes, manufacturing process challenges or other unforeseeable causes  . Foreign regulatory authorities have differing requirements for approval of drug candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing. Obtain  ing marketing approval for marketing of a product candidate in one country does not ensure that we will be able to obtain marketing approval in other countries, but the failure to obtain marketing approval in one jurisdiction could negatively impact our ab  ility to obtain marketing approval in other jurisdictions. Delays in approvals or rejections of marketing applications in the United States or foreign countries may be based upon many factors, including regulatory requests for additional analyses, reports,   data and studies, regulatory questions regarding, or different interpretations of, data and results, changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development and the emergence of new information regarding product candidates or related product  s. The FDA or equivalent foreign regulatory authorities may determine that eravacycline or any other product candidate that we develop is not effective, or is only moderately effective, or has undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities, safety prof  ile or other characteristics that preclude marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. The FDA may also find during its pre-approval inspection that the facilities identified in our NDA fail to comply with cGMP requirements, thereby delaying or   preventing approval. In addition, any marketing approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render the approved product not commercially viable. If we experience delays in obtaining approval or   if we fail to obtain approval of eravacycline or any other product candidate that we develop, the commercial prospects for eravacycline or such other product candidate may be harmed and our ability to generate revenues will be materially impaired.  
 A fast track designation by the FDA does not guarantee approval and may not actually lead to a faster development, regulatory review or approval process. 
 If a product is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the product demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for that condition, the treatment sponsor may apply for FDA fast track designation. In April 2014, the FDA notified us that we received fast track designation for both the cIAI and cUTI indications and the intravenous and oral formulations of eravacycline. In September 2015, the FDA notified us that we received fast track designation for the intravenous formulation of TP-271. Fast track designation does not ensure approval or a faster development, regulatory review or approval process compared to conventional FDA procedures. Additionally, the FDA may withdraw fast track designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. 
 If we are unable to obtain marketing approval in international jurisdictions, we will not be able to market our product candidates abroad. 
 In order to market and sell eravacycline and any other product candidate that we develop in the European Union and many other jurisdictions, we must obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory authority outside the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing. In addition, clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries. The time required to obtain approval may differ substantially from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process outside the United States generally includes all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries outside the United States, it is required that the product be approved for reimbursement before the product can be approved for sale in that country. We may not obtain approvals from regulatory authorities outside the United States on a timely basis or at all. 
   
 48 

If we receive regulatory approval for any product candidates, including eravacycline, we will be subject to ongoing obligations and continuing regulatory review, w  hich may result in significant additional expense. Our product candidates, including eravacycline, if approved, could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties, if we fail to comply with regulatory require  ments or if we experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates, when and if approved.  
 Any product candidate, including eravacycline, for which we obtain marketing approval, will also be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for labeling, manufacturing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, promotion, record-keeping and submission of safety and other post-market information. For example, approved products, manufacturers and manufacturers  facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMPs. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and periodic inspections to assess compliance with cGMPs. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. We will also be required to report certain adverse reactions and production problems, if any, to the FDA and to comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotion for our products. 
 In addition, even if marketing approval of a product candidate is granted, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed, may be subject to significant conditions of approval or may impose requirements for costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product. The FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs to ensure drugs are marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling and regulatory requirements. The FDA also imposes stringent restrictions on manufacturers  communications regarding off-label use and if we do not restrict the marketing of our products only to their approved indications, we may be subject to enforcement action for off-label marketing. 
 If a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of a product, it may impose restrictions on that product or us. In addition, if any product fails to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency may: 

issue warning or untitled letters;     

mandate modifications to promotional materials or require provision of corrective information to healthcare practitioners and patients;     

impose restrictions on the product or its manufacturers or manufacturing processes;     

impose restrictions on the labeling or marketing of the product;     

impose restrictions on product distribution or use;     

require post-marketing clinical trials;     

require withdrawal of the product from the market;     

refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit;     

require recall of the product;     

require entry into a consent decree, which can include imposition of various fines (including restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenue), reimbursements for inspection costs, required due dates for specific actions and penalties for noncompliance;     

suspend, vary, modify or withdraw marketing approvals;     

refuse to permit the import or export of the product;     

seize or detain supplies of the product; or     

issue injunctions, levy fines or impose other civil and/or criminal penalties.     

49 

Our relationships with customers and third-party payors will be subject   to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings.  
 Our future arrangements with third-party payors, healthcare professionals and customers who purchase, recommend or prescribe our product candidates will be subject to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval. These laws and regulations include, for example, the false claims and anti-kickback statutes and regulations. At such time as we market, sell and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval, it is possible that our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of these laws and regulations. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations include the following: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, among other things, prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under federally funded healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid;     

the federal False Claims Act imposes criminal and civil penalties, which can be enforced by private citizens through civil whistleblower and qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government;     

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and creates federal criminal laws that prohibit knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services;     

the federal transparency requirements under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or collectively, the ACA, requires manufacturers of covered drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies to report to the Department of Health and Human Services information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals and physician ownership and investment interests; and     

analogous state laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs, comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or track and report gifts, compensation and other remuneration provided to physicians and other health care providers; and state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, which complicates compliance efforts.     

 We will be required to spend substantial time and money to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations. Even then, governmental authorities may conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. Recent healthcare reform legislation has strengthened these federal and state healthcare laws. For example, the ACA amends the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback and criminal healthcare fraud statutes. A person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of these statutes or a specific intent to violate them. In addition, the ACA provides that the government may assert that a claim that includes items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. If governmental authorities find that our operations violate any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and we may be required to curtail or restructure our operations. Moreover, we expect that there will continue to be federal and state laws and regulations, proposed and implemented, that could impact our operations and business. The extent to which future legislation or regulations, if any, relating to healthcare fraud and abuse laws or enforcement, may be enacted or what effect such legislation or regulation would have on our business remains uncertain. 
 If we successfully commercialize one of our drug candidates, failure to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under U.S. governmental pricing programs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
   If we participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program once we successfully commercialize a drug, we will be required to report certain pricing information for our products to the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services, the federal agency that  
   
 50 

administers   the Medicaid and Medicare programs. We may also be required to report pricing information to the   Department of Veterans Affairs. If we become subject to these reporting requirements, we will be liable for errors associated with our submission of pricing d  ata, for failure to report pricing data in a timely manner, and for overcharging government payers, which can result in civil monetary penalties under the Medicaid statute, the federal civil False Claims Act, and other laws and regulations.  
 Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and affect the prices we may obtain. 
 Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and expanding access to healthcare. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any products that we develop, due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative proposals. 
 In March 2010, the ACA became law in the United States with the goals of broadening access to health insurance, reducing or constraining the growth of healthcare spending, enhancing remedies against fraud and abuse, adding new transparency requirements for health care and health insurance industries and imposing additional health policy reforms. Further, the new law includes annual fees to be paid by manufacturers for certain branded prescription drugs, requires manufacturers to participate in a discount program for certain outpatient drugs under Medicare Part D, increases manufacturer rebate responsibilities under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program for outpatient drugs dispensed to Medicaid recipients, addresses a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for line extensions and for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected and expands oversight and support for the federal government s comparative effectiveness research of services and products. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013. On January 2, 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 which reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our product candidates or additional pricing pressures. 
 Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the United States Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 
 Risks Related to Employee Matters and Managing Growth 
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain our chief executive officer and other key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 
 Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. We are highly dependent on the development, regulatory, commercialization and business development expertise of our executive management team, as well as the other principal members of our management, scientific and clinical team. Although we have formal employment agreements with our executive officers, these agreements do not prevent them from terminating their employment with us at any time. For instance, since December 1, 2015, both our former chief financial officer and our former chief operating officer have terminated their employment with us. 
   We do not have formal employment agreements with any of our other employees. If we lose one or more of our executive officers or key employees, our ability to implement our business strategy successfully could be seriously harmed. Furthermore, replacing executive officers and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize products successfully. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain  
   
 51 

or motivate these additional key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from   universities and research institutions. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our research and development and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may   be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to de  velop and commercialize drug candidates will be limited.  
 We expect to grow our organization, and as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 We expect to experience significant growth in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations, particularly in the areas of drug development, regulatory affairs and sales, marketing and distribution. Our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from our day-to-day activities to devote time to managing these growth activities. To manage these growth activities, we must continue to implement and improve our managerial, operational and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Due to our limited financial resources and the limited experience of our management team in managing a company with such anticipated growth, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Our inability to effectively manage the expansion of our operations may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, give rise to operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our expected growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of additional product candidates. If our management is unable to effectively manage our expected growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to generate revenues could be reduced and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. 
 The business that we conduct outside the United States may be adversely affected by international risk and uncertainties. 
 Although our operations are based in the United States, we conduct business outside the United States and expect to continue to do so in the future. For instance, many of the sites at which our clinical trials are or may be conducted are outside the United States. In addition, we plan to seek approvals to sell our products in foreign countries. Any business that we conduct outside the United States will be subject to additional risks that may materially adversely affect our ability to conduct business in international markets, including: 

potentially reduced protection for intellectual property rights;     

the potential for so-called parallel importing, which is what happens when a local seller, faced with high or higher local prices, opts to import goods from a foreign market (with low or lower prices) rather than buying them locally;     

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements;     

economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets;     

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States;     

production shortages resulting from any events affecting a product candidate and/or finished drug product supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad;     

business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, floods and fires; and     

failure to comply with Office of Foreign Asset Control rules and regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.     

 We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure and data security. Any attack on our systems, infrastructure or data security    could cause serious harm to our business.  
 Data privacy, security breaches or service interruptions may pose a risk that sensitive data including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to us or our business partners may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Cyber-attacks are growing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. Our third-party vendors face similar risks and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect us. While we have not yet experienced cyber-attacks and intrusions into our information technology infrastructure, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent or detect future service interruptions or breaches in our systems. Any such future breach may adversely affect our business and operations. 
   
 52 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock  
 The price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially, which could result in substantial losses for purchasers of our common stock. 
 Our stock price may be volatile. The stock market in general and the market for smaller pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. For example, our stock traded within a range of a high price of $52.90 per share and a low price of $3.12 per share for the period beginning January 1, 2015 through November 2, 2016. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the prices they paid for it. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 

the timing of clinical trials of eravacycline and any other product candidate;     

results of clinical trials of eravacycline and any other product candidate;     

the filing and approval of marketing applications;     

regulatory actions by the FDA or equivalent authorities in foreign jurisdictions with respect to eravacycline and any other product candidate;     

failure or discontinuation of any of our development programs;     

the success of existing or new competitive products or technologies;     

results of clinical trials of product candidates of our competitors;     

regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries;     

developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights;     

the recruitment or departure of key personnel;     

the level of expenses related to any of our product candidates or clinical development programs;     

the results of our efforts to develop, in-license or acquire additional product candidates or products;     

actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts;     

announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts;     

sales of our common stock by us, our insiders or other stockholders     

variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us;     

changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, that cover our stock;     

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems;     

market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors;     

general economic, industry and market conditions; and     

the other factors described in this  Risk Factors  section.     

 We are currently subject to class action and shareholder derivative litigation due to stock price volatility, which could distract our management and could result in substantial costs or large judgments against us. 
   The stock market frequently experiences extreme price and volume fluctuations. In September 2015, we experienced a significant decline in our stock price based, in large part, on our announcement that the phase 3 clinical trial for eravacycline for the treatment of patients with cUTI did not meet the primary endpoint of statistical non-inferiority compared to levofloxacin. In addition, the market prices of securities of companies in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry have been extremely volatile and have experienced fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. These fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against companies following periods of volatility in the market prices of their securities. In fact, in January 2016 and March 2016, class action lawsuits were filed against us, our chief executive officer and certain former executives in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts.  In addition, in May 2016 a shareholder derivative action was filed against our chief executive officer, certain former executive officers, all the members of our current board of directors, a former board member, and against the   
   
 53 

company as nominal def  endant, in Massachusetts Superior Court (Suffolk County).     This case was subsequently dismissed by the court without prejudice due to the plaintiff s failure to properly perfect service of process.   Due to the volatility in our stock price, we may be the tar  get of similar litigation in the future.  
 In connection with such litigation, we could incur substantial costs and such costs and any related settlements or judgments may not be covered by insurance. We could also suffer an adverse impact on our reputation and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could cause serious harm to our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 An active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. 
 Although we have listed our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Select Market, an active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. In the absence of an active trading market for our common stock, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the price at which they acquired the common stock or at the times that they would like to sell. An inactive trading market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. There can be no assurance that analysts will cover us, or provide favorable coverage. If one or more analysts downgrade our stock or change their opinion of our stock, our share price would likely decline. In addition, if one or more analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 
 We have broad discretion in the use of our cash reserves and may not use them effectively. 
 Our management has broad discretion to use our cash reserves and could spend these reserves in ways that do not improve our results of operations or enhance the value of our common stock. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could result in financial losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause the price of our common stock to decline and delay the development of our product candidates. Pending their use, we may invest our cash reserves in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. 
 We have incurred increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices.  
 As a public company we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of The NASDAQ Global Select Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and have made some activities more time-consuming and costly especially since we are no longer an  emerging growth company , as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, and are no longer able to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to public companies that are  emerging growth companies  and that were applicable to us prior to January 1, 2016.  
 Failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in the future could have a material adverse effect on our ability to produce accurate financial statements and on our stock price.  
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us, on an annual basis, to review and evaluate our internal controls. To maintain compliance with Section 404, we are required to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which has been both costly and challenging. We will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, continue to engage outside consultants and follow a detailed work plan to continue to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. There is a risk that in the future neither we nor our independent registered public accounting firm will be able to conclude within the prescribed timeframe that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404. If we identify one or more material weaknesses, it could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 
   
 54 

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future;   accordingly, stockholders must rely on capital appreciation, if any, for any return on their investment.  
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the operation, development and growth of our business. The terms of our term loan facility with Silicon Valley Bank and Oxford Finance that we repaid precluded us from paying dividends, and any future debt agreements may also preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source of gain for our stockholders for the foreseeable future. 
 Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions in our corporate charter and our by-laws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions: 

establish a classified board of directors such that all members of the board are not elected at one time;     

allow the authorized number of our directors to be changed only by resolution of our board of directors;     

limit the manner in which stockholders can remove directors from the board;     

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on at stockholder meetings;     

require that stockholder actions must be effected at a duly called stockholder meeting and prohibit actions by our stockholders by written consent;     

limit who may call a special meeting of stockholder meetings;     

authorize our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to institute a  poison pill  that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, effectively preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our board of directors; and     

require the approval of the holders of at least 75% of the votes that all our stockholders would be entitled to cast to amend or repeal certain provisions of our charter or by-laws.     

 Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. This could discourage, delay or prevent someone from acquiring us or merging with us, whether or not it is desired by, or beneficial to, our stockholders.  
     Item 6. Exhibits  
 See the Exhibit Index on the page immediately preceding the exhibits for a list of exhibits filed as part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference.  

55 

SIGNAT  URES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

Date: November 3, 2016  
 
 TETRAPHASE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Christopher Watt  

Christopher Watt  

Vice President, Finance   

56 

EXHIBIT INDEX   

Incorporated by Reference from     

Exhibit Number  

Description of Document  

Registrant s Form  

Form No.  

Date 
 Filed with the SEC  

Exhibit Number  

Filed Herewith  

31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X  

31.2  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X  

32.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X  

32.2  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

X  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

X  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

X  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

X  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

X  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

X  

57  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ttph-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

ttph-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer  
 pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,  
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 I, Guy Macdonald, certify that:  

(1)   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;     

(2)   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

(3)   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

(4)   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

(5)   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

 Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Guy Macdonald  

Guy Macdonald  

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ttph-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

ttph-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer  
 pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,  
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 I, Christopher Watt, certify that:  

(1)   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;     

(2)   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

(3)   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

(4)   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d015(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

(5)   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

 Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Christopher Watt  

Christopher Watt  

Vice President, Finance (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ttph-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

ttph-ex321_9.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer  
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted  
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Guy Macdonald, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge:  

(1)   
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and     

(2)   
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

 Dated: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Guy Macdonald   

Guy Macdonald  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ttph-ex322_6.htm
 EX-32.2

ttph-ex322_6.htm

Exhibit 32.2  
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer  
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted  
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Christopher Watt, as Vice President, Finance of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge:  

(1)   
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and     

(2)   
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

 Dated: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Christopher Watt   

Christopher Watt  

Vice President, Finance  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ttph-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ttph-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ttph-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ttph-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ttph-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ttph-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

