<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1606163_0001144204-16-134384_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1014899</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>193888</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>635772</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>119</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134384.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114173509
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134384
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Limbach Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001606163
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION SPECIAL TRADE CONTRACTORS [1700]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36541
		FILM NUMBER:		161996267

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 35TH STREET
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(412) 359-2100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 35TH STREET
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	1347 Capital Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140422

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134384.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452533_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

x   QUARTERLY REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

 For the period ended September 30, 2016 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

  For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number:  001-36541  

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in
its charter) 

31   35th Street, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
15201  

 (Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (412) 359-2100  

Not Applicable  

 (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)  

Check whether the issuer (1) filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and  (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the
definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one). 

Large accelerated filer 
         
     Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer   
         
     Smaller reporting company 
      x   
 
     (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes    
No  x  

5,927,818 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
issued and outstanding as of as of November 11, 2016. 

Limbach Holdings, Inc.  

  Form 10-Q  

For the Fiscal Quarter Ended September
30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I.         FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

( in thousands, except share and per share data ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  (Successor)  

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of
Stockholders  Equity  

  July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

LIMBACH HOLDINGS LLC  

  (Predecessor)  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Members  Equity  

  December 31, 2015 through July 19, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statement 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statement 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS,
INC.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows   (Continued)  

  (Unaudited)  

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information    

Noncash investing and financing transactions:    

Property and equipment acquired financed with capital leases    
     $  467       
     $  1,014       
     $  834     

On July 20, 2016, pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, as amended, the Company completed the business combination with Limbach Holdings LLC ( LHLLC ) in a transaction
accounted for as a purchase. The excess of the purchase price of $51.0 million over the fair value of the net assets acquired of
$39.1 million was allocated to goodwill. As part of the consideration paid the Company issued 2,200,005 shares of common stock
and 1,666,670 warrants with a fair value consideration of $18.6 million. See Note 4   Business Combination. 

During the Successor period from July 20,
2016 through September 30, 2016, the Company recorded  redeemable convertible preferred stock dividends
totaling $0.2 million. 

In connection with the Business Combination,
the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock valued at $901 thousand to its underwriter in exchange for their services. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1   Organization and Nature of Business  

Limbach Holdings, Inc., formerly known
as 1347 Capital Corp. ( 1347 Capital ), (the  Company  or  Successor ), is a Delaware corporation
headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Limbach Holdings,
Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, including Limbach Holdings LLC, Limbach Facility Services LLC, Limbach Company LLC, Harper
Limbach LLC, Harper Limbach Construction LLC and Limbach Company LP. 

The Company was originally incorporated
as a special purpose acquisition company, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, equity interest exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On July 20, 2016 (the  Acquisition
Date  or the  Closing Date ), the Company consummated a business combination ( Business Combination )
with Limbach Holdings LLC (LHLLC) pursuant to the agreement and plan of merger dated as of March 23, 2016 by and among 1347 Capital
Corp. (now Limbach Holdings Inc.), Limbach Holdings LLC and F d G HVAC, LLC, as stockholders  representative (the  Merger
Agreement ). In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company changed its name from 1347 Capital Corp.
to Limbach Holdings, Inc. See Note 4   Business Combination for further discussion. 

Through these entities we operate our business
in two segments, (i) Construction, in which we generally manage large construction or renovation projects that involve primarily
HVAC, plumbing and electrical services, and (ii) Service, in which we provide maintenance or service primarily on HVAC, plumbing
or electrical services. This work is primarily performed under fixed price, modified fixed price, and time and material contracts
over periods of typically less than two years. The Company's customers operate in several different industries, including healthcare,
education, government, commercial, manufacturing, entertainment, and leisure. The Company operates primarily in the Northeast,
Mid-Atlantic, Southeast, Midwest, and Southwestern regions of the United States. 

Note 2   Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation  

Predecessor and Successor Financial Statements   

The accompanying unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America ( GAAP ) and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ). For additional information, these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in
conjunction with LHLLC s consolidated financial statements and notes as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for the
years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, included in the Company s definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed
with the SEC on June 16, 2016 pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ). 

As a result of the Business Combination,
the Company is the acquirer for accounting purposes and LHLLC is the acquiree and accounting predecessor. The Company s financial
statement presentation distinguishes the Company s presentations into two distinct periods, the period up to the Acquisition
Date (labeled  Predecessor ) and the period including and after that date (labeled  Successor ). The merger
was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting, and the Successor financial statements
reflect a new basis of accounting that is based on the fair value of the net assets acquired. Determining the fair value of certain
assets and liabilities assumed is judgmental in nature and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. See
Note 4   Business Combination for a discussion of the estimated fair values of assets and liabilities recorded in connection
with the Company s acquisition of LHLLC. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

As a result of the application of the acquisition method of
accounting as of the effective time of the Business Combination, the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
include a black line division which indicates that the Predecessor and Successor reporting entities shown are presented on a different
basis and are, therefore, not comparable. The period presented from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 is the  Successor 
period. The periods presented from July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 and January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016, as well as the
relevant 2015 periods, are the  Predecessor  periods. 

The accompanying Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements are presented as of December 31, 2015 (Predecessor), and September 30, 2016 (Successor), and for the pre-acquisition
periods from July 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 (Predecessor), from January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 (Predecessor),
from January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) and the post-acquisition period from July 20, 2016 through September 30,
2016 (Successor). 

The historical financial information of
1347 Capital, prior to the business combination (a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC) has not been reflected in the
Predecessor financial statements as these historical amounts have been considered  de minimus.  SPACs deposit the proceeds
from their initial public investor offerings segregated into a trust account until a business combination occurs, where such funds
are then used to either pay consideration for the acquiree or stockholders who elect to redeem their shares of common stock in
connection with the vote to approve such business combination, and the SPAC operations until the closing of a business combination
are nominal and  de minimus . Accordingly, no other activity in the Company was reported for periods prior to July 19, 2016
besides LHLLC s operations as Predecessor. 

For the Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Stockholders  Equity and Members  Equity, the Predecessor results reflect the equity balances and activities of
LHLLC from December 31, 2015 through July 19, 2016 (prior to the closing of the business combination), and the Successor results
reflect the Company s equity balances at July 19, 2016 (prior to the closing of the business combination) and the activities
for the Company through September 30, 2016. 

Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The accompanying interim Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016, the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, Condensed Consolidated Statement of
Stockholders  Equity and Members  Equity and the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the periods presented
are unaudited. Also, within the notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, we have included unaudited information
for these interim periods. These unaudited interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. In the opinion of management, the unaudited interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements have been prepared on the same basis as LHLLC s audited Consolidated Financial Statements and include
all adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of the Company s statement of financial position as of September 30,
2016 and its results of operations and its cash flows for the periods presented. Such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.
The results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the period ending December 31, 2016. 

The Predecessor Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015 was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required
by GAAP. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The Successor Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements include all amounts of Limbach Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. The Predecessor Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements include all amounts of Limbach Holdings LLC and its subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported
in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period, and the accompanying
notes. Management believes that its most significant estimates and assumptions have been based on reasonable and supportable assumptions
and the resulting estimates are reasonable for use in the preparation of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company s
significant estimates include estimates associated with revenue recognition on construction contracts, impairment of goodwill,
intangibles, property and equipment, fair valuation in business combinations, insurance reserves, income tax valuation allowances
and contingencies. If the underlying estimates and assumptions upon which the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are based
change in the future, actual amounts may differ from those included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Intangible Assets  

Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets are not amortized, but are reviewed for impairment at least annually, or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Judgments regarding indicators of potential impairment are based on market
conditions and operational performance of the business. 

Annually, the Company performs an impairment
analysis of goodwill. The Company may assess its
goodwill for impairment initially using a qualitative approach ( step zero ) to determine whether conditions exist
to indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If management
concludes, based on its assessment of relevant events, facts and circumstances that it is more likely than not that a reporting
unit s carrying value is greater than its fair value, then a quantitative analysis will be performed to determine if there
is any impairment. The Company may also elect to initially perform a quantitative analysis instead of starting with step zero.
The quantitative assessment for goodwill is a two-step assessment.  Step one  requires comparing the carrying value
of a reporting unit, including goodwill, to its fair value using the income approach. The income approach uses a discounted cash
flow model, which involves significant estimates and assumptions, including preparation of revenue and profitability growth forecasts,
selection of a discount rate, and selection of a terminal year multiple. If the fair value of the respective reporting unit exceeds
its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered to be impaired and no further testing is required. If the carrying amount of a
reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step of the goodwill impairment test is to measure the amount of impairment loss,
if any.  Step two  compares the implied fair value of goodwill to the carrying amount of goodwill. The implied fair
value of goodwill is determined by a hypothetical purchase price allocation using the reporting unit s fair value as the
purchase price. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment charge is recorded to write down
goodwill to its implied fair value and is recorded as a selling, general and administrative expense within the Company s
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

Annually, the Company also performs an
impairment analysis of its indefinite-lived intangible assets. Impairment losses are recorded to the extent that the carrying value
of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value. The Company measures the fair value of its trade name using an
income approach which uses a discounted cash flow model. The most significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach
are the preparation of revenue and profitability growth forecasts, selection of a discount rate and a terminal year multiple. 

The Company reviews intangible assets with
definite lives subject to amortization whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable. Intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization are amortized on a straight-line or accelerated basis
with estimated useful lives ranging from 1 to 15 years. Events or circumstances that might require impairment testing include the
identification of other impaired assets within a reporting unit, loss of key personnel, the disposition of a significant portion
of a reporting unit, a significant decline in stock price, or a significant adverse change in the Company s business climate
or regulations affecting the Company. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Long-Lived Assets  

We evaluate the carrying value of
long-lived assets including definite-lived intangibles whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that a potential
impairment has occurred. A potential impairment has occurred if the projected future undiscounted cash flows are less than
the carrying value of the assets. The estimate of cash flows includes management s assumptions of cash inflows and
outflows directly resulting from the use of the asset in operations. When a potential impairment has occurred, an impairment
charge is recorded if the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. Fair value is measured based on a
projected discounted cash flow model using a discount rate which we feel is commensurate with the risk inherent in our
business. Our impairment analysis contains estimates due to the inherently judgmental nature of forecasting long-term
estimated cash flows and determining the ultimate useful lives of assets. Actual results may differ, which could materially
impact our impairment assessment. 

Revenues and Cost Recognition  

Revenues from fixed price and modified
fixed price contracts are recognized on the percentage-of-completion method, measured by the relationship of total cost incurred
to total estimated contract costs (cost-to-cost method). Revenues from time and materials contracts are recognized as services
are performed. Contract revenue for long-term construction contracts is based upon management's estimate of contract prices at
completion, including revenue for additional work on which contract pricing has not been finalized (claims) but is considered probable.
Changes in job performance, job conditions, and estimated profitability, including those arising from contract penalty provisions
and final contract settlements, may result in revisions to estimated costs and income, and are recognized in the period in which
the revisions are determined. Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are recognized in the period in which such
losses are determined. 

Contract costs include direct labor, material,
and subcontractor costs, and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs,
depreciation, and insurance. Total estimated contract costs are based upon management's current estimate of total costs at completion. 

In addition to revenue recognition for
long-term construction contracts, the Company recognizes revenues from service contracts as these services are performed. There
are two basic types of service contracts: fixed price service contracts which are signed in advance for maintenance, repair, and
retrofit work over a period of typically one year, and service contracts not signed in advance for similar maintenance, repair,
and retrofit work on an as-needed basis. Fixed price service contracts are generally performed evenly over the contract period,
and accordingly, revenue is recognized on a pro rata basis over the life of the contract. Revenues derived from other service contracts
are recognized when the services are performed. Expenses related to all service contracts are recognized as services are provided. 

Costs and estimated earnings in excess
of billings on uncompleted contracts reflected in the condensed consolidated balance sheets arise when revenues have been recognized
but the amounts cannot be billed under the terms of the contracts. Also included in costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted
contracts are amounts the Company seeks or will seek to collect from customers or others for errors or changes in contract specifications
or design, contract change orders in dispute or unapproved as to scope and price, or other customer-related causes of unanticipated
additional contract costs (claims and unapproved change orders). Such amounts are recorded at estimated net realizable value when
realization is probable and can be reasonably estimated. No profit is recognized on the construction costs incurred in connection
with claim amounts. Claims and unapproved change orders made by the Company may involve negotiation and, in rare cases, litigation.
Unapproved change orders and claims also involve the use of estimates, and it is reasonably possible that revisions to the estimated
recoverable amounts of recorded claims and unapproved change orders may be made in the near term. Claims against the Company are
recognized when a loss is considered probable and amounts are reasonably determinable. Billings in excess of costs and estimated
earnings on uncompleted contracts represent billings in excess of revenues recognized. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS,
INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

In accordance with industry practice, we
classify as current all assets and liabilities relating to the performance of contracts. The terms of our contracts generally range
from six months to two years. 

Selling, general, and administrative costs
are charged to expense as incurred. Bidding and proposal costs are also recognized as an expense in the period in which such amounts
are incurred. 

Deferred Financing Costs  

Deferred financing costs representing third
party, non-lender debt issuance costs are deferred and amortized using the effective interest rate method over the term of
the related long-term debt agreement, and the straight-line method for the revolving credit agreement. 

Deferred financing costs including lender
debt discounts and premiums, and other direct lender fees are deferred and amortized using the effective interest rate method over
the term of the related debt agreement. 

Debt issuance costs related to term loans
are reflected as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of Long-Term debt liability, in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) 2015-03. Debt issuance costs related to revolving credit facilities are capitalized and reflected as an
Other Asset. 

Income Taxes  

Successor  

The provision for income taxes includes
federal, state, local and foreign taxes. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) 740-10, Income Taxes, which requires the use of the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred
tax assets and liabilities and income or expense is recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences
between the financial statement carrying values and their respective tax bases, using enacted tax rates expected to be applicable
in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. Changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded
in the provision for income taxes. 

The Company evaluates the realizability
of its deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Potential for recovery of deferred tax assets is evaluated by estimating the future taxable profits
expected, scheduling of anticipated reversals of taxable temporary differences, and considering prudent and feasible tax planning
strategies. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

The Company determines its income tax benefits
and liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is recognition, where an individual
tax position is evaluated as to whether it has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the
technical merits of the position, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. No tax benefit is recorded
for tax positions that are currently estimated to have less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. For tax positions that have
met the recognition threshold in the first step, the Company performs the second step of measuring the benefit to be recorded.
The amount of the benefit that may be recognized must have a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized on ultimate settlement.
The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from the estimates. In future periods, changes in facts, circumstances and new
information may require the Company to change the recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax positions.
Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recorded in income tax expense and liability in the period in which such changes
occur. 

Any interest or penalties incurred related
to unrecognized tax benefits are recorded as tax expense in the provision for income tax expense line item of the accompanying
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). The Company has not incurred interest expense
or penalties related to income taxes during any period presented in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements reflect expected future tax consequences of such positions presuming the taxing authorities have
full knowledge of the position and all relevant facts, but without considering time values. 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date. 

Predecessor  

The Predecessor is a limited liability
company treated as a partnership for federal and state income tax purposes with all income tax liabilities and/or benefits of the
Predecessor being passed through to the members. As such, no recognition of federal or state income taxes for the Predecessor or
its subsidiaries that are organized as limited liability companies or limited partnerships was provided for in the accompanying
Predecessor Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Fair Value Measurements  

The Company classifies and discloses assets
and liabilities carried at fair value in one of the following three categories: 

Level
1   quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;  

Level 2   observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs
that are corroborated by market data; and     

Level 3   significant unobservable inputs in which little or
no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.     

Successor  

The Company believes that the carrying
amounts of its financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, accounts payable and amounts
drawn under the revolving portion of the new senior credit facility, consist primarily of instruments without extended maturities,
which approximate fair value primarily due to their short-term maturities and low risk of counterparty default. We also believe
that the carrying value of the term portion of the new senior credit facility approximates its fair value due to the variable rate
on such debt. Management also believes that the carrying value of the subordinated debt approximates market due to its recent issuance
and comparable term sheets received from non-traditional lenders. Based on this analysis, the Company determined as of September
30, 2016 the fair value of its subordinated debt of $13.1 million approximates its carrying value. 

To determine the fair value of its
warrants issued in connection with the Business Combination, the Company utilized the Black-Scholes method. See Note 8
  Equity. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Predecessor  

The carrying value of the Predecessor debt
associated with the Company s senior credit facility approximated its fair value due to the variable rate on such debt. The
fair value of the Company s subordinated debt was determined based upon Level 3 inputs including a comparison to current
market conditions as shown by relevant indexes and average yields, security specific leverage, and seniority within the capital
structure. 

Comprehensive income (loss)  

Comprehensive income (loss) is a measure
of net income (loss) including all changes in equity that result from transactions with other than stockholders, and would normally
be recorded in the consolidated statements of stockholders  and members' equity and consolidated statements of comprehensive
income (loss). The Company s management has determined that net income (loss) is the only component of the Company s
comprehensive income (loss). Accordingly, no additional disclosures below the net income (loss) line are required for the Company s
consolidated statements of operations, and disclosure in the consolidated statements of stockholders' and members  equity
is not required. 

Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock  

The Company s cumulative redeemable
convertible preferred stock is classified as temporary equity and is shown net of issuance costs. The difference in carrying value
and redemption value is due to the issuance costs. Cumulative dividends are accrued at each balance sheet date so that the temporary
equity carrying value will equal its redemption value at the date the temporary equity is redeemable. 

Unpaid preferred dividends are accumulated,
compounded at each quarterly dividend date and presented within the carrying value of the preferred stock. See Note 9   Cumulative
Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Earnings per Share  

Successor  

The Company calculates earnings per share
in accordance with ASC 260    Earnings per Share . Basic earnings per common share ( EPS ) applicable to
common stockholders is computed by dividing earnings applicable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common
shares. The Company s basic EPS is calculated assuming that 100% of the Company s income available to common stockholders
will be distributed as dividends to common stockholders, even though the Company does not anticipate distributing 100% of its earnings
as dividends. 

Income available to common stockholders
is computed by deducting the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock from income from continuing operations
(if applicable) and also from net income. If there is a loss from continuing operations or a net loss, the amount of the loss is
increased by those preferred dividends. 

Diluted EPS assumes the dilutive effect
of outstanding common stock warrants, using the treasury stock method, in accordance with ASC 260-10-45-22, and the dilutive effect
of the Series A cumulative convertible preferred stock, using the if-converted method, in accordance with ASC 260-10-45-40. The
if-converted method adds back preferred stock dividends to net income if dilutive. 

The control number for determining whether
including potential common shares in the diluted EPS computation would be antidilutive is income from continuing operations. As
a result, if there is a loss from continuing operations, diluted EPS is computed in the same manner as basic EPS is computed, even
if the Company had net income after adjusting for a discontinued operation or change in accounting principle. Similarly, if the
Company has income from continuing operations but its preferred dividend adjustment made in computing income available to common
stockholders (in accordance with ASC 260-10-45-11) results in a loss from continuing operations available to common stockholders,
diluted EPS would be computed in the same manner as basic EPS. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Diluted EPS for the period from July 20,
through September 30, 2016, included 800,000 potential shares related to preferred stock under the if-converted method, and excluded
4,815,676 potential shares related to warrants, 330,000 potential shares related to underwriter s warrants, and 300,000 potential
shares related to an option for underwriter s warrants which have not been exercised. 

Warrants to purchase 4,815,676 shares of
common stock at prices from $11.50 to $15.00 per share were outstanding but were not included in the computation of diluted EPS
because the warrants' exercise price was greater than the average market price of the common shares during the period (in accordance
with ASC 260-10-55-3). 

Predecessor  

The Company has not presented predecessor
earnings per member unit information because it is not meaningful or comparable to the required Successor EPS information, as well
as the fact that Predecessor units were not publicly traded. 

Note 3   Accounting Standards  

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards  

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03, Simplifying the
Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The amendments in this update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt
liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with
debt discounts. The amendments in this update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2015, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption of the amendments in this update
was permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The Company adopted this standard for its fiscal year
ending December 31, 2016 (Successor). The adoption has no impact on the Company s results of operations and is a presentation
change only on the balance sheet. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15, Presentation and
Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements, stating that the SEC staff would not
object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance
costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the
line-of-credit arrangement. The amendments in this update are effective concurrent with adoption of ASU 2015-03. The Company has
adopted this standard for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (Successor). The adoption has no impact on the Company s
results of operations or balance sheet as debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements continue to be presented as
an asset on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,
Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. The amendments in this update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets
be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments in this update may be applied either
prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. For private entities, the
amendments in this update are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and
interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application is permitted for all entities as of
the beginning of interim or annual reporting periods. The Company has adopted this standard for its fiscal year ended December
31, 2016 (Successor). The adoption has no impact on the Company s results of operations and is a presentation change only
on the balance sheet. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

The effective dates shown in the following
pronouncements are private company effective dates, based upon the Company s election to conform to private company effective
dates based on the relief provided to Emerging Growth Companies under the JOBS Act. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606, which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in FASB ASC 605. The
new guidance established principles for reporting revenue and cash flows arising from an entity s contracts with customers.
This new revenue recognition standard will replace most of the recognition guidance within GAAP. This guidance was deferred by
ASU 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date, issued by the FASB in August 2015,
which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 from annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 to annual and
interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers:
Principal versus Agent Considerations, which further clarifies the implementation guidance in ASU 2014-09. In April 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, to expand
the guidance on identifying performance obligations and licensing within ASU 2014-09. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,
Revenues from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which amends the guidance in the new
revenue standard on collectability, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax, and transition. The amendments are intended
to address implementation issues that were raised by stakeholders and provide additional practical expedients to reduce the cost
and complexity of applying the new revenue standard. The guidance can be applied on a full retrospective or modified retrospective
basis whereby the entity records a cumulative effect of initially applying this update at the date of initial application. We have
not yet selected a method of application nor have we determined the potential impact this authoritative guidance will have on our
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. These standards are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating
this standard to determine the impact of its adoption on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. This amendment states that in connection
with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity s management should evaluate
whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern
within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements
are available to be issued, when applicable). The amendments in this update are effective for the annual reporting period ending
after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company does
not expect adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a material impact on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-16, Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments. The amendments in this update require that an acquirer
recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which
the adjustment amounts are determined. To simplify the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business
combination, the amendments in this update eliminate the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments. For private
entities, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and for interim periods
within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect adoption of ASU 2015-16 to have a material impact
on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

In February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
Leases (Topic 842). ASU 2016-02 provides an approach for classifying leases as either finance leases or operating leases. For either
classification, a right-of-use asset and a lease liability will be required to be recognized, unless the term of the lease is one
year or less. The guidance is required to be applied using a modified retrospective approach which includes optional practical
expedients. It is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2020. The Company is currently evaluating this standard to determine the impact of its adoption on the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Compensation Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  to simplify accounting
for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity
or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018.
The Company is currently evaluating this standard to determine the impact of its adoption on the Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  to address diversity in practice
in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective
for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and for interim periods within fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating this standard to determine the impact of its adoption on
the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Note 4   Business Combination  

On July 20, 2016, pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary merged with and into Limbach Holdings LLC in a transaction accounted for
as a business combination. Following this transaction, 1347 Capital changed its name to Limbach Holdings, Inc. The Company determined
its preliminary allocation of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as follows: 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

LHLLC s equity holders and option
holders received consideration comprised of (a) $32.4 million in cash, (b) 2,200,005 shares of Company common stock, (c) 666,670
merger warrants, each exercisable for one share of Company common stock at an exercise price of $12.50 per share, and (d) 1,000,006
additional warrants, each exercisable for one share of Company common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share. Certain of
the shares and warrants are subject to lockup agreements and securities law restrictions. Additional cash in excess of fair value
of $0.6 million was paid to Limbach Holdings LLC (Predecessor) Class C Unit Optionholders, resulting in share-based compensation
expense to Limbach Holdings, Inc. (Successor) of $0.6 million for the period from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016. Total
cash paid, including the additional share-based compensation, was $33.0 million. 

The fair value of the consideration paid
was as follows: 

The following is a reconciliation of the
purchase price paid associated with the acquisition over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired, allocated to goodwill: 

Direct
transaction-related costs consist of costs incurred in connection with the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination.
These costs, totaling $0.1 million   for the period from July 20, 2016 through
September 30, 2016 (Successor), are reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses in the respective Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Operations. 1347 Capital also incurred transaction costs of $5.9 million independently prior
to the Business Combination, and since the Special Purpose Acquisition Company is not consolidated with the Predecessor (see
Note 2   Basis of Presentation), those costs are not reflected in the Predecessor financial statements, but are
disclosed herein.   

Additional  costs
consisting of stock option and other compensation-related expenses were recorded in connection with
the Business Combination. These costs, totaling $0.6 million    for
the period from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor), and $1.5 million for the period July 1, 2016
through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor), are reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses in the respective
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. This Predecessor amount reflects compensation expense ass   ociated
with   stock options which became fully vested and exercisable in connection with
the Business Combination.  

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

The following table summarizes the Company s
preliminary allocation of the identifiable intangible assets acquired as of the date of the closing of the Business Combination: 

(  in thousands  ) 

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase
price over the estimated fair value assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed from
the Predecessor. Goodwill of $11.9 million was associated with the Business Combination, and is deductible for tax purposes. 

Per ASC 805-30-50-1, a qualitative description
of the factors that make up the goodwill amount recognized includes expected synergies from combining the ability to raise new
investment for acquisition and growth in public capital markets, and other intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition
under GAAP, such as acquired workforce and growth opportunities which do not qualify as separately recognizable intangible assets. 

The Company estimated the fair value of
its acquired intangible assets using the relief from royalty method for the Trade Name, and the profit contribution method for
the Customer Relationships-Service and for Backlog   Construction and Backlog   Service. Under the relief from royalty
method, the Company s fair value estimate of their acquired trade name was determined based on the present value of the economic
royalty savings associated with the ownership or possession of the trade name based on an estimated royalty rate applied to the
cash flows to be generated by the business. Under the profit contribution method, the value of the intangible asset is equal to
the present value of the after-tax cash flows attributable solely to the subject intangible asset. 

The Company s preliminary allocation
of purchase price is based upon preliminary valuations performed, as disclosed above, to determine the fair value of the net assets
as of the acquisition date. The amounts allocated to goodwill and intangible assets are based on preliminary valuations and are
subject to adjustments to reflect final valuations. These final valuations of the assets and liabilities could have a material
impact on the preliminary purchase price allocation disclosed above. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

The following unaudited pro forma financial
information summarizes the combined results of operations for the Company as though the Business Combination had occurred on January
1, 2015: 

The pro forma financial information does
not include any costs related to the acquisition. In addition, the pro forma financial information does not assume any impacts
from revenue, cost or other operating synergies that could be generated as a result of the acquisition. The unaudited pro forma
financial information is not necessarily indicative of what the Company s results would have been had the acquisition been
consummated on such dates or project results of operations for any future period. 

The following pro forma adjustments were incorporated into the presentation: 

2.  Transaction costs related to the acquisition were eliminated.   

3.  Intangible amortization is based on the economic values derived from definite-lived intangible
assets.   

4.  Depreciation is incorporated based on the new fair values and estimated useful lives of fixed assets.   

5.  Interest expense is recognized on new debt financing.   

6.  Preferred dividends are recognized on the new issue of cumulative redeemable convertible preferred
stock.   

7.  Statutory provision for income taxes was used.   

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 5   Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Uncollectible
Accounts  

Accounts receivable and the allowance for uncollectible accounts
are comprised of the following: 

Note 6   Intangibles  

Intangible assets, including goodwill, are comprised of the following:  

The definite-lived intangible assets are
amortized over the period the Company expects to receive the related economic benefit, which for customer relationships is based
upon estimated future net cash inflows. The indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually, or when an impairment
event occurs. The estimated useful lives of intangible assets are as follows: 

For definite-lived intangible assets acquired: 

Asset   
       
       Amortization Method   
       
       Estimated Useful Life    
 
      Backlog   Construction  
       
      Pattern of economic benefit  
       
        2.5 years   
 
      Backlog   Service  
       
      Straight line  
       
        1.0 year   
 
      Customer Relationships   Service  
       
      Pattern of economic benefit  
       
      15.0 years   

Total amortization expense for these amortizable
intangible assets was $1.5 million for the Successor period from July 20, 2016 to September 30, 2016. There were no intangible
assets in the Predecessor periods, and accordingly no amortization expense. The Company did not recognize any impairment charges
related to definite and indefinite-lived intangible assets for the Successor period from July 20, 2016 to September 30, 2016. 

The Successor s total amortization
expense for these intangible assets is estimated as follows for the years ending December 31: 2016 - $3.3 million, 2017 - $3.7
million, 2018 - $1.3 million, 2019 - $0.6 million, and 2020 - $0.5 million. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 7   Debt  

Long-term debt consists of the following obligations as of: 

The scheduled contractual repayment on
long-term debt and capital leases is as follows for the years ending December 31: 

Successor  

New Senior Credit Facility  

In conjunction with the completion of the Business
Combination, all amounts outstanding under the Company s existing senior credit facility were paid in full and the Company
entered into a new senior credit facility with multiple lenders (the  Credit Agreement ). The new senior credit facility
consists of a $24.0 million term loan and a $25.0 million revolving line of credit, both with a maturity date of July 20, 2021.
It is collateralized by substantially all of the Company s assets. Principal payments on the term loan of $750,000 are due
quarterly commencing with the calendar quarter ended September 30, 2016, and ending with the calendar quarter ending June 30, 2018.
Principal payments of $900,000 are due at the end of subsequent quarters through maturity of the loan, with any remaining amounts
due at maturity. Outstanding borrowings on both the term loan and the revolving line of credit bear interest at either the Base
Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) or LIBOR (as defined in the Credit Agreement), plus the applicable additional margin,
payable monthly. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

The Credit Agreement includes restrictions
on, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, the Company and its subsidiaries  to incur additional indebtedness,
pay dividends or make other distributions, redeem or purchase capital stock, make investments and loans and enter into certain
transactions, including selling assets, engaging in mergers or acquisitions and entering into transactions with affiliates. 

The Credit Agreement requires that the Company
comply with certain financial performance covenants including with respect to total leverage, senior leverage, fixed charges and
tangible net worth. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement. 

Mandatory prepayments are required upon
the occurrence of certain events, including, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, equity issuances, a change of
control of the Company, certain debt issuances, assets sales and excess cash flow. Commencing with the fiscal year ending December
31, 2017, the Company will be required to remit an amount equal to 50% of the excess cash flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
of the Company, which percentage will be reduced based on the Senior Leverage Ratio (as defined therein). The Company may voluntarily
prepay the loans at any time subject to the limitations set forth in the new senior credit facility. 

The equity interests of the Company s
subsidiaries have been pledged as security for the obligations under the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement includes customary
events of default, including, among other items, payment defaults, cross-defaults to other indebtedness, a change of control default
and events of default with respect to certain material agreements. Additionally, with respect to the Company, an event of default
occurs if the Company s securities cease to be registered with the SEC pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). In case of an event of default, the administrative agent would be entitled
to, among other things, accelerate payment of amounts due under the new senior credit facility, foreclose on the equity of the
Company s subsidiaries, and exercise all rights of a secured creditor on behalf of the lenders. 

The additional margin applied to both the revolver
and term loan is determined based on levels achieved under the Company s Senior Leverage Ratio covenant. 

The following is a summary of the additional
margin: 

The Company had $9.9 million of availability under this revolving
credit facility at September 30, 2016. The Company had an irrevocable letter of credit with its lender to secure obligations under
its self-insurance program. At September 30, 2016, the outstanding letters of credit related to this program were $3.4 million. 

New Subordinated Debt  

In conjunction with the completion of the
Business Combination, the Company s existing subordinated debt was paid in full and the Company entered into a new subordinated
debt agreement. The new subordinated debt agreement consists of a $13.0 million loan with a maturity date of July 20, 2022 (the
 Subordinated Loan ). Principal payments are not required prior to maturity. Outstanding borrowings bear interest at
16.0%, with 13.0% payable quarterly in cash, and the Company having the option either to pay the remaining 3.0% in cash or have
it deferred and capitalized into the loan balance. For the Successor period from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016, $84
thousand of deferred interest was expensed and added to the Subordinated Loan balance. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Upon a Conversion Event (defined as a prepayment
of more than 75% of the original principal of the loans, an acceleration, a Change of Control (as defined therein) or maturity),
the Subordinated Loan holders may elect to receive, in satisfaction of all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Subordinated
Loan (which constitutes the deferred interest portion of the loan), the number of shares of Limbach common stock equal to the deferred
interest portion of the loan divided by $10.00 per share (the  Conversion Shares ). The Subordinated Loan holders may
further elect to be paid entirely in Limbach stock or to receive a cash payment equal to the deferred interest portion of the loan
being converted, plus shares of Limbach stock determined by a formula equal to the Conversion Shares, minus the Liquidation Shares
(defined as the portion of the deferred interest portion of the loan being converted, divided by the five-day weighted trading
average of a share of Limbach Stock for the five Business Days preceding the trigger date). Upon a Conversion Event, the subordinated
debt holders will have registration rights with respect to such shares, including one demand registration right and usual and customary
 piggy-back  registration rights, pursuant to a registration rights agreement. 

Mandatory prepayments are required upon the
occurrence of certain events, including, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, equity issuances, a change of control
of the Company or its subsidiaries, certain debt issuances and asset sales. The Company may voluntarily prepay the loan at any
time subject to a prepayment fee. If prepayment occurs prior to July 20, 2017, the prepayment fee will be 3.0% of the principal
amount of the loan being prepaid plus all interest that would be due on the loan if the same had remained outstanding until July
20, 2017. After July 20, 2017 and prior to July 20, 2018, the prepayment fee is 3.0% of the principal amount of the loan being
paid. After July 20, 2018, there is no prepayment fee. 

Predecessor  

Senior Credit Facility  

The Predecessor had a senior credit facility
with a single lender. The revolving credit facility permitted borrowings up to $30.0 million. Outstanding borrowings bore interest
at Libor plus 2.75% at December 31, 2015 (2.99% assuming 30-day Libor). Subsequent to year end, in January 2016, the credit facility
was increased to $35.0 million and the maturity date was extended to May 2018. It was collateralized by substantially all of the
Company s assets except for real property. The credit facility contained certain restrictive covenants, which, among other
things, required the Company to maintain certain financial ratios. The credit facility also contained cross-default provisions
related to the subordinated debt facility and the underwriting agreement with the Company s surety. Outstanding borrowings
bore interest at Libor plus 3.25% at December 31, 2015 (3.49% assuming 30-day Libor), payable monthly. In January 2016, the term
loan was converted into a  draw term  loan facility and the amount of the facility was increased to $7.5 million, of
which $5.5 million was available to be drawn in increments not to exceed $2.0 million. 

The Company had $18.0 million of availability
under this revolving credit facility at December 31, 2015. A commitment fee was payable on the average daily unused amount of the
senior credit facility. The fee was 0.4% of the unused amount. The Company had an irrevocable letter of credit with its lender
to secure obligations under its self-insurance program. At December 31, 2015, the outstanding letters of credit related to this
program were $3.4 million. 

Subordinated Debt  

The subordinated debt was unsecured and bore
paid-in-kind interest at 13.0%. The subordinated debt contained similar covenants to the senior credit facility. This debt was
held entirely by the majority owner of the Company. The Company was permitted to pay monthly on the subordinated interest as long
as the Company exceeded certain tangible net worth and working capital baselines. The Company exceeded those thresholds but management
elected to suspend any interest payments in the interim. In January 2016, the maturity date of the principal and the paid in kind
interest was extended to December 2018. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 8   Equity  

Successor  

The Company s second amended and
restated certificate of incorporation currently authorizes the issuance of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001,
and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001. Prior to the Business Combination, there were 5,948,000 shares of common
stock and 400,000 shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

In connection with its initial public offering
in July 2014, the Company sold units comprised of one common share, one warrant, and one right to automatically
obtain one-tenth of a common share upon the consummation of a business combination. At the time of the Business Combination, 4,798,000
outstanding rights were automatically converted into 479,800 common shares. 

The Company also has outstanding warrants
exercisable for 4,665,676 shares of common stock, consisting of: (i) 4,600,000 Public Warrants; (ii) 198,000 warrants, each exercisable
for one-half of one share of common stock at an exercise price of $5.75 per half share ($11.50 per whole share) ( Sponsor
Warrants ); (iii) 600,000 warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $15.00 per share
( $15 Exercise Price Warrants ); (iv) 666,670 warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise
price of $12.50 per share ( Merger Warrants ); and (v) 1,000,006 warrants, each exercisable for one share of common
stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share ( Additional Merger Warrants ). 

The Public Warrants, Sponsor Warrants
and $15 Exercise Price Warrants were issued under a warrant agreement dated July 15, 2014, between Continental Stock Transfer
  Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The Merger Warrants and Additional Merger Warrants were issued to the sellers
of LHLLC. 

As part of the Business Combination, the
Company used equity securities as part of the consideration utilizing a private placement under U.S. Securities Rule 144. Rule
144 restrictions on the sale of Company securities constitutes a security-specific restriction under fair value guidance, and therefore
a price adjustment to the fair value is appropriate for affiliates of the Company who own in excess of 10% of the outstanding securities. 

Fair value determinations for the securities
used as consideration are valued at market prices, unless they have a security-specific restriction. 

Fair value determination for securities
with security-specific restrictions under U.S. Securities Law incorporate a price adjustment to the market price. 

There were 2,200,005 equity shares issued,
666,670 Merger Warrants, and 1,000,006 Additional Warrants. 

Non-affiliate shareholders, as defined under U.S. Securities
Law, who received securities resulting from the Business Combination own the following Company securities: 

One shareholder entity qualified as an
affiliate of the Company under U.S. Securities Law, and those securities were subject to a price adjustment. The affiliate owns
the following securities resulting from the business combination: 

The valuation of the warrants was performed using the Black-Scholes
option model with the following inputs. A price adjustment of 15% to the stock price input was made to the securities held by the
affiliate. Non-affiliates used 100% of the stock price fair value. The valuation of the stock price and warrants is based upon
preliminary valuations and are subject to adjustments to reflect final valuations. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Predecessor  

The Predecessor s LLC agreement authorized the Predecessor
to issue up to 10,000,000 Class A Member Units and 2,000,000 Class C Units. As of December 31, 2015, there were 10,000,000 Class
A units authorized, issued and outstanding. No Class C units were issued or outstanding. 

In conjunction with the business combination (see Note 4  
Business Combination), the securities that were in existence in the Predecessor periods, as further discussed below, were settled
and no longer outstanding subsequent to July 20, 2016. 

Note 9   Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock  

Successor  

The Company s second amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designation, rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by its board of directors. In connection with the Business Combination the Company issued
400,000 shares of Class A preferred stock (the  Preferred Stock ). Each share of Preferred Stock may be converted (at
the holder s election) into 2.00 shares of the Company s common stock (as may be adjusted for any stock splits, reverse
stock splits or similar transactions), representing a conversion price of $12.50 per share of the Company s common stock;
provided, that such conversion is in compliance with NASDAQ s listing requirements. The Preferred Stock ranks senior to all
classes and series of outstanding capital stock. The Company has agreed to not issue any other shares of capital stock that rank
senior or pari passu to the Preferred Stock while the Preferred Stock is outstanding, unless at least 30% of the proceeds from
such issuance are used to redeem Preferred Stock. The holders of the Preferred Stock will, in priority to any other class or series
of capital stock, be entitled to receive, as and when declared by the board of directors fixed, cumulative, preferential dividends
at a rate of: (i) 8% per annum in years one through three from issuance; (ii) 10% per annum in years four through five from issuance;
and (iii) 12% per annum thereafter, payable in equal quarterly installments. Dividends on outstanding Preferred Stock will accrue
from day to day from the date of issuance of the Preferred Stock. No dividends may be made in excess of the accrued and unpaid
preferred yield in respect of the Preferred Stock. 

So long as the Preferred Stock is outstanding,
the Company is restricted from repurchasing, redeeming or retiring any shares of its capital stock other than the Preferred Stock.
In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive $25.00 per
share of Preferred Stock, plus accrued but unpaid dividends thereon, whether declared or not, before any amount is paid or any
assets are distributed to holders of junior capital stock. After payment to the holders of Preferred Stock of the liquidation amounts,
such holders shall not be entitled to share in any further distribution payment in respect of the assets of the Company. The Company
will redeem all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock on the six-year anniversary from the date of issuance for the price of $25.00
per share of Preferred Stock (as may be adjusted for any stock splits, reverse stock splits or similar transactions), plus accrued
but unpaid dividends thereon, whether or not declared, up to and including the date specified for redemption. The holders are not
entitled to vote. 

Note 10   Income Taxes  

The Company is taxed as a C Corporation.
The historical audited financial results and other Predecessor financial information included herein reflect the Predecessor results
as a limited liability company, which was taxed as a partnership for federal income tax purposes and not at the entity level. Following
the Business Combination, the Company is treated as a disregarded entity; therefore, the financial results include the effects
of federal and state income taxes at the parent level. 

The provision for income taxes for the 2016
Successor period consists of the following: 

Prior to the Business
Combination, the Company had a deferred tax asset of $2.3 million which was offset by an equivalent valuation allowance. The
valuation allowance was recorded due to management s assumptions and judgments regarding the recoverability of the
deferred tax asset, based on the more likely than not criterion. Upon the consummation of the Business Combination,
management determined that no valuation allowance was required and it was reversed. This resulted in $2.3 million of deferred
income tax benefit, and an unusually high effective tax rate of 364.6%, within the Successor period from July 20, 2016 through
September 30, 2016. No valuation allowance was required as of September 30, 2016. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

The components of deferred tax assets (liabilities)
were as follows: 

The Company performed an analysis of its
tax positions and determined that no material uncertain tax positions exist. Accordingly, there is no liability for uncertain tax
positions as of September 30, 2016. Based on the provisions of ASC 740-10, the Company had no material unrecognized tax benefits
as of September 30, 2016. 

A reconciliation of the federal statutory
income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

Note 11   Operating Segments  

The Company determined its operating segments
on the same basis that it assesses performance and makes operating decisions. The Company manages and measures the performance
of its business in two distinct operating segments: Construction and Service. These segments are reflective of how the Company's
Chief Operating Decision Maker ( CODM ) reviews operating results for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing
performance. The Company's CODM is comprised of its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. 

The accounting policies of the segments are
the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. Management evaluates performance based on income
from operations of the respective business units after the allocation of Corporate office operating expenses. Transactions between
segments are eliminated in consolidation. Our Corporate office provides general and administrative support services to our two
operating segments. Management allocates costs between segments for selling, general and administrative expenses and depreciation
expense. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

All of the Company s identifiable
assets are located in the United States, which is where the Company is domiciled. The Company does not have sales outside the United
States. For the Successor period from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016, the Company had a customer which represented approximately
17% of its total revenues. This resulted from a construction project which commenced in early 2016, on which significant activity
occurred during August and September 2016. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of total revenues in any of the Predecessor
periods presented. 

The Company does not identify capital expenditures
and total assets by segment in its internal financial reports due in part to the shared use of a centralized fleet of vehicles
and specialized equipment. Interest expense is not allocated to segments because of the corporate management of debt service including
interest. 

Segment information for the periods presented is as follows: 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 12   Backlog  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company's contractual construction backlog, which represents the amount of revenue the Company expects to realize from
work to be performed on uncompleted contracts in progress, was $402.0 million and $355.4 million, respectively. In addition, Service
backlog as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $48.1 million and $22.7 million, respectively. 

Note 13   Related-Party Transactions  

Successor  

Upon consummation of the Business Combination,
a note receivable due from Limbach Management Holding Company, LLC (LMHC) together with accrued interest, was repaid. See Predecessor
discussion below. 

Upon consummation of the Business Combination,
a management services agreement with LMHC and an affiliate of another equity member, F d G Associates LLC, to perform certain
advisory and consulting services was terminated. See Predecessor discussion below. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Upon consummation of the Business Combination,
the subordinated debt held by the majority owner of the Company was repaid and terminated. 

Predecessor  

In 2002, LMHC contributed capital of
$4.0 million to Limbach Holdings LLC, of which $1.0 million was evidenced by a note payable to the Company which was included
in Member's Equity. The interest rate on the note was 6.0%. The note matured upon the earlier of the date of a change in
control (as defined in the note), the date that was one year after the consummation of an initial public offering of the
Company, or the date on which there was a dissolution of the Company. If accrued interest was outstanding, interest
receivable related to the note would be included in other assets. The note, together with accrued interest, totaling $1.0
million, was paid at the consummation of the Business Combination on July 20, 2016. 

Limbach Holdings LLC also had a management
services agreement with LMHC and an affiliate of another equity member, F d G Associates LLC (F d G), for LMHC and F d G
to perform certain advisory and consulting services. In consideration for such services, the Company was charged a quarterly fee
of $50 thousand by LMHC and $250 thousand by F d G. As of December 31, 2015, amounts owed to LMHC and FdG relating to the
agreement totaled $50 thousand and $250 thousand, respectively. Under these agreements, the Predecessor incurred related costs
totaling $71 thousand for the period from July 1, 2016 to July 19, 2016, $671 thousand for the period from January 1, 2016 through
July 19, 2016, $300 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and $900 thousand for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

As detailed in Note 7   Debt, the
Company had a subordinated note which was held by the majority owner of the Company. The subordinated debt contained similar covenants
to the senior credit facility. This subordinated note balance of $23.6 million was repaid at the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Note 14   Commitments and Contingencies  

Leases.  Operating leases consist
primarily of leases for real property and equipment. The leases frequently include renewal options, escalation clauses, and require
the Company to pay certain occupancy expenses. Lease expense was approximately $0.7 million for the period from July 20, 2016 through
September 30, 2016 (Successor), $1.7 million for the period from January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) and $0.2 million
from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016. 

Capital leases consist primarily of leases
for vehicles (see Note 7   Debt). The leases are collateralized by the vehicles and require monthly payments of principal
and interest. All leases transfer title at lease end for a nominal cash buyout. 

Legal.  The Company is continually engaged
in administrative proceedings, arbitrations, and litigation with owners, general contractors, suppliers, and other unrelated parties,
all arising in the ordinary courses of business. In the opinion of the Company's management, typically, the results of these actions
will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations, or cash flows of the Company. 

Energy Contracts.  The Company enters into contracts with
certain state agencies in Ohio to acquire, construct, implement, and install energy conservation measures, as described in the
contracts. The contracts include guarantees related to yearly energy costs savings by these customers, typically over a ten-year
period. To the extent the yearly savings guarantees are unmet, the Company would be required to pay the customer the difference
between the amount of energy costs savings guarantee and actual savings realized. The total of those guarantee amounts for each
year ending December 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018 are $0.3 million, $0.3 million and $0.2 million, respectively. 

Under the terms of the contracts, the Company
provides a guarantee bond to its customers in the amount of the guaranteed savings. The Company also maintains a Service Maintenance
Agreement on most of the contracts so it can ensure proper maintenance of the equipment. On contracts without a Service Maintenance
Agreement, the Company has no obligation for the guarantee if the equipment is not properly maintained. Since the inception of
these contracts in 1997, the Company has not been required to make any material payments for unmet energy   savings under
any of the contracts through September 30, 2016. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

As a result of the guarantee bonds and its
experience with these arrangements, the Company does not expect to incur any material liabilities with respect to the contracts.
Accordingly, no liability has been recorded for the contract guarantees. 

Surety.  The terms of our construction
contracts frequently require that we obtain from surety companies ( Surety Companies ) and provide to our customers,
payment and performance bonds ( Surety Bonds ) as a condition to the award of such contracts. The Surety Bonds secure
our payment and performance obligations under such contracts, and we have agreed to indemnify the Surety Companies for amounts,
if any, paid by them in respect of Surety Bonds issued on our behalf. In addition, at the request of labor unions representing
certain of our employees, Surety Bonds are sometimes provided to secure obligations for wages and benefits payable to or for such
employees. Public sector contracts require Surety Bonds more frequently than private sector contracts, and accordingly, our bonding
requirements typically increase as the amount of public sector work increases. As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $166.6
million in surety bonds outstanding. The Surety Bonds are issued by Surety Companies in return for premiums, which vary depending
on the size and type of bond. 

Collective Bargaining Agreements.  Many
of the Company s craft labor employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The agreements require the Company
to pay specified wages, provide certain benefits and contribute certain amounts to multi-employer pension plans. If the Company
withdraws from any of the multi-employer pension plans or if the plans were to otherwise become underfunded, the Company could
incur additional liabilities related to these plans. Although the Company has been informed that some of the multi-employer pension
plans to which it contributes have been classified as  critical  status, the Company is not currently aware of any
significant liabilities related to this issue. 

Self-Insurance  

The Company purchases workers' compensation
and general liability insurance under policies with per-incident deductibles of $250 thousand and a maximum aggregate deductible
loss limit per year. 

The components of the self-insurance as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

The restricted cash balance represents an imprest
cash balance set aside for the funding of workers' compensation and general liability insurance claims. This amount is replenished
either when depleted or at the beginning of each month. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

The following includes management s discussion related
to Limbach Holdings, Inc. ( Limbach ). The discussion should be read in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition to historical
information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could
cause actual results to differ materially from Limbach management s expectations. Factors that could cause such differences
are discussed in  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  and  Risk Factors-Risks Related to Limbach s
Business and Industry  included in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus/Information Statement filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on June 10, 2016 (the  Proxy Statement ). We assume
no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements.   

Additionally, the discussion and analysis of financial condition
and results of operations of the Company should be read in conjunction with (1) the Company s Pro Forma Condensed Combined
Financial Statements for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, including the notes thereto,
filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A on August 15, 2016; (2) the audited consolidated financial statements
of Limbach Holdings LLC,  Predecessor , for the year ended December 31, 2015, and related notes thereto,
along with the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in
the Proxy Statement; (3) the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the three and six months ended June
30, 2016, including the notes thereto, filed with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on August 15, 2016 and (4) the Company s
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the three months ended March 31, 2016, including the notes thereto, filed
with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on May 9, 2016.  

On July 20, 2016, we completed the Business Combination in
which we acquired Limbach Holdings LLC. Following the Business Combination, we changed our name to Limbach Holdings, Inc. The Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements and certain note presentations separate the Company s presentations into two distinct periods,
the period up to, and including, the Business Combination closing date (labeled  Predecessor ) and the period after
that date (labeled  Successor ), to indicate the application of different bases of accounting between the periods presented.
The accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include a black line division which indicates that the Predecessor
and Successor reporting entities shown are not comparable. The period presented from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 is
the  Successor  period. The periods presented from July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 and January 1, 2016 through July
19, 2016 are the  Predecessor  periods.  

The historical financial information of 1347 Capital, prior
to the business combination (a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC) has not been reflected in the Predecessor financial
statements as these historical amounts have been considered de minimis.  

The application of acquisition accounting, pursuant to US
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ), for the Business Combination significantly affected certain assets,
liabilities, and expenses. As a result, financial information as of September 30, 2016 and for July 20, 2016 through September
30, 2016 (Successor), July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) and January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor),
may not be comparable to Limbach s Predecessor financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015. We did not combine certain financial information for the July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor) with Limbach s
Predecessor financial information July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) and January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor)
for comparison to prior periods. We have presented revenue, cost of revenue, and selling, general and administrative expenses
for the July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor) with Limbach s Predecessor revenue, cost of revenue, and selling,
general and administrative expenses July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) and the January 1, 2016 through July 19,
2016 (Predecessor). Revenue, cost of revenue, and selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding transaction costs and
related amortization of intangibles, were not materially affected by acquisition accounting. Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the accounting for the Business Combination.   

Calendar Year   

We operate on a calendar year ending on December 31 for
financial reporting purposes. For calendar year 2016, the Company s financial statements reflect January 1, 2016 through
July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) and July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor) and for calendar year 2015, the Company s
financial statements reflect January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 (Predecessor).  

Overview  

We are an industry-leading commercial specialty contractor in
the areas of HVAC, plumbing, electrical and building controls through design and construction of new and renovated buildings, maintenance
services, energy retrofits and equipment upgrades for private customers and federal, state, and local public agencies in Florida,
California, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Washington DC, Virginia, West Virginia, Ohio and Michigan. We operate
our business in two segments, (i) Construction, in which we generally manage large construction or renovation projects that involve
primarily HVAC, plumbing, sheet metal fabrication and installation, specialty piping and electrical services, and (ii) Service,
in which we provide facility maintenance or general construction services primarily related to HVAC, plumbing or electrical services.
Our market sectors primarily include the following: 

Healthcare, including research, acute and outpatient
not-for-profit, for-profit facilities and pharmaceutical and biotech; 

Education, including colleges, universities, research
centers and K-12 public and private facilities; 

Sports   Amusement, including arenas, rides and related
facilities; 

Transportation, including passenger terminals and maintenance
facilities for rail and airports; 

Government facilities, including federal, state and local
agencies; 

Hospitality, including hotels and resorts; 

Corporate and commercial office buildings, including
new builds and interior fit-outs; 

Retail and mixed use; 

Residential multifamily apartment buildings (excluding
condominiums); and 

Industrial manufacturing. 

Limbach was founded in 1901, and maintains an established brand
within the industry. We believe we are viewed as a value added and trusted partner by our customers, which include building owners,
general contractors, construction managers and energy service companies, or ESCOs. 

Our services provided to building owners are centered on HVAC,
plumbing, and electrical building systems, which typically include ongoing maintenance, upgrades to existing building systems,
energy retrofits and delivering general construction services. We also construct new buildings or additions or renovations of existing
buildings for general contractors, construction managers and ESCOs. 

Our services primarily include the following categories: 

Specialty contracting, including the design and construction
of HVAC, plumbing and/or electrical systems within commercial and institutional buildings; 

General contracting, including construction on projects
that primarily involve HVAC, plumbing and/or electrical; 

Maintenance of HVAC, plumbing and/or electrical systems; 

Service projects for system and equipment upgrades, including
energy retrofits; 

Emergency service work, which we refer to as  Spot
Work  

Water treatment; 

Automatic temperature controls ( ATC ); and 

Performance contracting, including significant building
energy retrofits. 

Typical maintenance and water treatment agreements range in
value from $2,500 to over $200,000. Service Projects typically range in value from $1,000 to $500,000. Spot work varies in value
and is typically billed at preapproved billing rates. ATC projects vary in size from $10,000 to over $250,000. Specialty contracting,
general contracting and performance contracting can range from $100,000 to $100.0 million. The durations of our contracts generally
range from six months to two years. While these ranges are typical for our services, certain projects may be below or above these
stated ranges. 

Our construction offerings for general contractors, construction
managers and ESCOs include the following: 

Competitive lump sum bidding (including plan and specification
bidding with select qualified competitors); 

Design/assist services, for which we typically contract
on a negotiated basis to maintain a project budget, and occasionally are contracted on a lump sum basis; 

Integrated project delivery, for which we contract on
a negotiated basis to collaborate with a team to establish a target budget and execute on a project within the target budget; 

Design/build, which services are provided on either a
negotiated basis or through competitive bidding; and 

Performance contracting, for which we assess a building
owner s facilities and offer a proposal to reduce energy and operating costs, and when successful, we often perform ongoing
maintenance of the building systems. 

Our specialty contracting is provided through either our special
projects division or our major projects group. Special projects typically range in value from $5,000 to $1.0 million. Major projects
typically range in value from $1.0 million to $100.0 million. Actual contracts may be below or above these stated ranges depending
upon the actual project requirements. 

We possess the abilities to provide design services in-house
through our design center located in Orlando, Florida. We sell the majority of our services by leading with our engineered solutions,
which we believe are viewed as highly valued by our select customer base and drive higher margin outcomes. 

Our near-term sales pipeline is supported by industry trends
for both construction and maintenance contracts. Industry forecasting by Dodge Data and Analytics, FMI and the AIA are all projecting
continued growth in all of our sectors in the near and midterm. Combining the expansion of the market opportunities, our competitive
differentiation and the growth strategies we are employing, we believe we will continue to realize steady sales and opportunities
for margin improvement. 

Comparison
of financial data:   

JOBS Act   

We are an  emerging growth company  ( EGC )
pursuant to the JOBS Act. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, reduce certain reporting requirements for
qualifying companies. Under the JOBS Act, we will remain an EGC until the earliest of: 

December 31, 2019 (the last day of the fiscal year following
the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering of common equity securities); 

the last day of the fiscal year in which we have annual
gross revenue of $1.0 billion or more; 

the date on which we have, during the previous three-year
period, issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; or 

the date on which we are deemed to be a  large
accelerated filer,  which will occur at such time as the Company has an aggregate worldwide market value of common equity
securities held by non-affiliates of $700.0 million or more as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal
quarter. 

Pursuant to Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, as an EGC we elected
to delay adoption of accounting pronouncements newly issued or revised after April 5, 2012 applicable to public companies until
such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. 

As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable
to the financial statements of issuers who are required to comply with the effective dates for new or revised accounting standards
that are applicable to public companies. 

Business Combination  

We were originally formed on April 15, 2014 as a special purpose
acquisition company named 1347 Capital Corp. for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination involving one or more businesses. On July 20, 2016, we completed
the Business Combination in which we acquired Limbach Holdings LLC. Following the Business Combination, we changed our name to
Limbach Holdings, Inc. and became a public company listed on the OTC QB. On November 11, 2016, we received approval to list our
common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market. See Note 4    Business Combination  in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

Highlights and Trends  

Industry forecast   

Industry forecasting by Dodge Data and Analytics, FMI and the
AIA are all projecting continued growth in all of our sectors in the near and midterm. As noted in FMI s Q2 Construction
Outlook report our top four sectors Healthcare, Education, Sports   Amusement, and Transportation are projected to experience
strong growth through 2020. Combining the expansion of the market opportunities, our competitive differentiation and the growth
strategies we are employing, we believe we will continue to realize steady sales and improve margin opportunities. 

Trends that could affect the Company s business are discussed
in  Risk Factors-Risks Related to Limbach s Business and Industry  included in the Proxy Statement. 

Recent Events   

On July 20, 2016, the Company subsidiaries Limbach Holdings
LLC, Limbach Facility Services LLC ( Borrower ), Limbach Company LLC ( Limbach Company ), Limbach Company
LP ( Limbach LP ), Harper Limbach LLC ( Harper ) and Harper Limbach Construction LLC together with Limbach
Holdings, Limbach Company, Limbach LP and Harper, collectively the  Guarantors , and together with Borrower, the  Loan
Parties , entered into a Credit Agreement with Fifth Third Bank, as administrative agent and as a lender, the other institutions
party thereto as lenders and the other loan parties party thereto, providing for a $25.0 million revolving credit facility of which
$3.5 million was drawn upon at the closing of the Business Combination, and a $24.0 million term loan facility (the  Credit
Agreement ). The Credit Agreement also provides that up to $5.0 million may be drawn against the $25.0 million revolving
credit facility for the issuances of letters of credit. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has one letter of credit outstanding
for $3.4 million. The term loans and the revolving credit facility will mature on July 20, 2021. The credit facilities are guaranteed
by the Guarantors and are collateralized by substantially all of the Loan Parties  respective assets. The Credit Agreement
includes restrictions on, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, the Loan Parties  ability to incur additional
indebtedness, pay dividends or make other distributions, redeem or purchase capital stock, make investments and loans and enter
into certain transactions, including selling assets, engaging in mergers or acquisitions and entering into transactions with affiliates. 

Also on July 20, 2016, the Loan Parties entered into a Loan
Agreement with Alcentra Capital Corporation ( Alcentra ), as agent and as a lender, providing for a $13.0 million term
loan, evidenced by an unsecured note subordinate to the Credit Agreement (the  Subordinated Loan Agreement ).The loan
matures on July 20, 2022, and bears interest at a rate of 16.0%, of which 13.0% is cash interest and 3.0% is deferred interest.
Under certain conditions, Alcentra may elect to receive, in satisfaction of all or a portion of the outstanding deferred interest,
a number of shares of Limbach stock pursuant to a conversion calculation. As of September 30, 2016, the loan balance, including
deferred interest, was $13.1 million. 

Key Performance Indicators   

In assessing the performance of our business, management utilizes
a variety of financial and performance measures. The key measure is Adjusted EBITDA which is described below. 

Key Components of Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  

Revenue   

We generate revenue principally from fixed-price construction
contracts under which we deliver HVAC, plumbing, and electrical construction services to our customers. The terms of our contracts
generally range from six months to two years. Revenue from fixed price and modified fixed price contracts are recognized on the
percentage-of-completion method, measured by the relationship of total cost incurred to total estimated contract costs (cost-to-cost
method). Revenue from time and materials contracts are recognized as services are performed. We believe that our extensive experience
in HVAC, plumbing, and electrical projects and our internal cost review procedures during the bidding process enable us to reasonably
estimate costs and mitigate the risk of cost overruns on fixed price contracts. 

We generally invoice customers based on a schedule of values
that breaks down the contract amount into discrete billing items. Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted
contracts are recorded as an asset until billable under the contract terms, and billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings
on uncompleted contracts are recorded as a liability until the contract s revenue is recognizable. 

Cost of Revenue    

Cost of revenue primarily consists of the labor, equipment,
material, subcontract, and other job costs in connection with fulfilling the terms of our contracts. Labor costs consist of wages
plus taxes, fringe benefits, and insurance. Equipment costs consist of the ownership and operating costs of company-owned assets,
in addition to outside-rented equipment. If applicable, job costs include estimated contract losses to be incurred in future periods.
Due to the varied nature of our services, and the risks associated therewith, contract costs as a percentage of contract revenue
have historically fluctuated and we expect this fluctuation to continue in future periods. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses    

Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily
of personnel costs for our administrative, estimating, human resources, safety, IT, legal, finance and accounting employees and
executives. Also included are non-personnel costs, such as travel-related expenses, legal and other professional fees and other
corporate expenses. We expect to incur incremental costs associated with supporting the growth of our business and to meet the
increased compliance requirements associated with our transition to and operation as a public company. Those costs include increases
in our accounting, human resources, IT and legal personnel, additional consulting, legal and audit fees, insurance costs, board
of directors  compensation and the costs of achieving and maintaining compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

Other Income (Expense), Net    

Other income (expense), net consists primarily of interest expense
incurred in connection with our debt, along with interest, and miscellaneous income. 

Depreciation and Amortization   

Depreciation and amortization expenses are periodic non-cash
charges that consist of depreciation of fixed assets, including leasehold improvements and equipment, and amortization of various
intangible assets primarily including leasehold interests, Construction and Service backlogs and definite lived assets. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   

Limbach reviews long-lived assets such as leasehold improvements,
equipment and intangibles on an asset-by-asset basis for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the value of the
assets may not be recoverable and records an impairment charge when appropriate. 

Interest Expense   

Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense on outstanding
debt. Deferred financing costs are recorded at cost and amortized using the effective interest method. 

Transaction-Related Costs   

Direct transaction-related costs
consist of costs incurred in connection with the Business Combination. These costs, totaling $0.1 million   for
July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor), are reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses in the respective
consolidated income statements. 1347 Capital Corp. also incurred transaction costs of $5.9  million independently prior to
the Business Combination, and since the Company s financial results prior to the Business Combination are not consolidated
with the Predecessor (see Note 2   Basis of Presentation), those costs are not reflected in the Predecessor financial statements,
but are disclosed herein.   

Debt Extinguishment   

On July 20, 2016, in connection with the Business Combination,
Limbach refinanced its existing debt by entering into the Credit Agreement and Subordinated Loan Agreement, and incurred lender
and third party costs which were all capitalized on the balance sheet. The refinancing qualified as debt extinguishment under GAAP.
Accordingly, all unamortized debt issuance costs related to the original debt were expensed. 

Adjusted EBITDA   

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. We define Adjusted
EBITDA as net income plus depreciation and amortization expense, interest expense, taxes, and non-operating expenses such as management
fees and consulting fees. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is meaningful to our investors to enhance their understanding of our
financial performance for the current period exclusive of expenses that will not reoccur. We understand that Adjusted EBITDA is
frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties as a measure of financial performance and to compare
our performance with the performance of other companies that report Adjusted EBITDA. Our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA, however,
may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. When assessing our operating performance, investors
and others should not consider this data in isolation or as a substitute for net income calculated in accordance with GAAP. Further,
the results presented by Adjusted EBITDA cannot be achieved without incurring the costs that the measure excludes. A reconciliation
of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most comparable GAAP measure, is provided under  Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial
measures  in the Results of Operations section. 

Income Tax Expenses   

Following the Business Combination, Limbach is taxed as a C
Corporation. The Limbach (Predecessor) financial information included herein reflect our results as a limited liability company
taxed as a partnership for federal income purposes. As a partnership, our profits were not taxed at the entity level. Following
the Business Combination, our financial results include the effects of federal income taxes which will be paid at the parent level. 

Provision for Income Taxes   

The Company s current federal and
state income taxes are $0.4 million which are offset by $2.7 million of deferred income tax benefits for a net deferred income
tax benefit of $2.3 million for the period from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor). The Company has a net deferred
tax asset of $3.1 million as of September 30, 2016 (Successor). Prior to the Business Combination, the Company had a deferred tax
asset of $2.3 million which was offset by an equivalent valuation allowance. The valuation allowance was recorded due to management s
assumptions and judgments regarding the recoverability of the deferred tax asset, based on the more likely than not criterion.
Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, management determined that no valuation allowance was required and it was reversed.
This resulted in $2.3 million of deferred income tax benefit, and an unusually high effective tax rate of 364.6%, within the Successor
period from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016. See Note 10  Income Taxes  in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

The provision for income taxes includes federal, state, local
and foreign taxes. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740-10, Income Taxes, which requires the use of
the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities and income or expense is recognized for
the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying values and their respective
tax bases, using enacted tax rates expected to be applicable in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse.
Changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded in the provision for income taxes. 

Construction and Service Backlog Information  

Our contract backlog consists of the remaining unearned revenue
on awarded contracts. Backlog is not a term recognized under GAAP; however, it is a common measurement used in our industry. Once
we have successfully negotiated a project and have received written confirmation of the contract being awarded to us, we record
the value of the contract as backlog. Consequently, contract backlog is also an important factor we use to monitor our business.
The duration of our contracts vary significantly from months to years and our backlog is subject to increases as projects are added.
Our backlog does not necessarily represent the amount of work that we are currently negotiating or pursuing at any given time.
It is also subject to change as contract backlog can increase or decrease due to contract change orders. 

Upon the closing of the Business Combination, the Company recognized
intangible assets for the fair value of both Construction and Service backlogs. See Note 4    Business Combination 
in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Given the multi-year duration of many of our contracts, backlog
revenue is expected to be earned over a period that will extend beyond a given year. Many of our contracts contain provisions that
allow the contract to be canceled at any time; however, we can generally recover costs incurred up to the date of cancellation. 

Construction backlog at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 was $402.0 million and $355.4 million, respectively. The increase of Construction backlog is driven by two branches, Mid Atlantic
$61.2 million and Michigan $33.0 million, offset by a decrease of $31.9 million in Florida. Of the backlog at September 30, 2016,
we expect to recognize approximately $91.1 million by the end of 2016. In addition, Service backlog as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 was $48.1 million and $22.7 million, respectively. 

Surety Bonding  

In connection with our business, occasionally we are required
to provide various types of surety bonds that provide an additional measure of security to our customers for our performance under
certain government and private sector contracts. Our ability to obtain surety bonds depends upon our capitalization, working capital,
past performance, management expertise and external factors, including the capacity of the overall surety market. Surety companies
consider such factors in light of the amount of our backlog that we have currently bonded and their current underwriting standards,
which may change from time-to-time. The bonds we provide typically have face amounts ranging from $0.5 million to in excess of
$25.0 million, and up to $100.0 million for a current project. As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $166.6 million in
surety bonds outstanding. We believe that our $600 million bonding capacity provides us with a significant competitive advantage
relative to many of our competitors with limited bonding capacity. 

Operating Segments  

We manage and measure the performance of our business in two
distinct operating segments: Construction and Service. These segments are reflective of how the Company s chief operating
decision makers review operating results for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. Our chief operating
decision makers are our chief executive officer, chief financial officer and chief operating officer. 

The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those
described in the summary of significant accounting policies below. Management evaluates performance based on income from operations
of the respective business units after the allocation of corporate office operating expenses. Transactions between segments are
eliminated in consolidation. Our corporate office provides selling, general and administrative support services to our two operating
segments. Management allocates costs between segments for selling, general and administrative expenses and depreciation expense.
Some selling, general and administrative expenses such as executive and administrative salaries and payroll expenses, corporate
marketing, corporate depreciation and amortization, and consulting, accounting and corporate legal fees are not allocated to segments
because the allocation method would be arbitrary and would not provide an accurate presentation of operating results of segments;
instead these types of expenses are maintained as a corporate expense. 

We do not identify capital expenditures and total assets
by segment in our internal financial reports due in part to the shared use of a centralized fleet of vehicles and specialized equipment.
Interest expense is not allocated to segments because of the corporate management of debt service including interest. 

Results of Operations  

Comparison of Results of Operations for July 20, 2016
through September 30, 2016 (Successor), July 1, 2016   

Through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor), and July 1, 2015
through September 30, 2015 (Predecessor)   

The following table presents operating results for July 20,
2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor), July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) and July 1, 2015 through September
30, 2015 (Predecessor), in absolute terms and expressed as a percentage of total revenue, as compared below: 

(1) As a percentage of Construction revenue. 

 (2) As a percentage of Service revenue. 

Comparison of select financial data:  

Revenue   

Revenue was $91.9 million for July 20, 2016 through September
30, 2016 (Successor) and $26.9 million for July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) as compared to $82.9 million for July
1, 2015 through September 30, 2015. Revenue increased $35.9 million, or 43.3%, for July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor)
and July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) as compared to the same period for 2015. Construction revenue increased by
$31.3 million, or 46.9%, and Service revenue increased by $4.6 million, or 28.4%. The increase in Construction revenue was primarily
driven by growth in Southern California ($4.1 million), Florida ($7.5 million) and Michigan ($17.5 million). The increase in Service
revenue resulted primarily from the Company s focus over recent years on developing longer term customer relationships and
sales of larger service owner-direct projects and contracts. All regions, with the exception of Michigan experienced growth in
Service revenue between Q3 2015 compared to Q3 2016. 

Gross Profit   

Gross profit was $12.1 million for July 20, 2016 through September
30, 2016 (Successor) and $3.2 million for July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) as compared to $11.5 million for July
1, 2015 through September 30, 2015. Gross profit increased $3.7 million, or 32.2%, for July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016
(Successor) and July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) as compared to the same period for 2015. Construction gross profit
increased $2.7 million, or 33.3 %. Service gross profit increased $1.0 million, or 29.5%. The increase in gross profit resulted
from an increase in revenue. The total gross profit percentage decreased from 13.9% as of September 30, 2015 to 12.8 % as of September
30, 2016. The increase in construction gross profit was driven by Florida $1.5 million and Michigan $1.2 million. Service gross
profit percentage of 21.9% for July 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016 represented an increase from 21.7% for the three months
ended September 30, 2015 due to the growth of the service contract maintenance base. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   

Selling, general and administrative expenses were $10.2 million
for July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor) and $3.9 million for July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor)
as compared to $9.2 million for July 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased
$4.9 million, or 53.2%, for July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor) and July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor)
as compared to the same period for 2015. For the period from July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor), the Company incurred
$1.5 million related to stock option compensation expense incurred in connection with the Business Combination. The Successor incurred
direct transaction costs of $0.1 million and other compensation expense of $0.6 million related to the Business Combination. The
remaining increase was primarily due to an increase in the salary and benefits for selling and support staff at corporate, and
additional staff in Michigan and Florida to support the backlog and Eastern PA and Western PA staff additions. The company also
added to its Service sales staff. 

Amortization of intangibles   

Total amortization expense for the amortizable intangible assets
was $1.4 million for July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor). There were no intangible assets in the Predecessor periods,
and accordingly no amortization expense. 

Other Expense   

Other expense was $0.9 million for July 20, 2016 through September
30, 2016 (Successor) and $0.2 million for July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) as compared to $0.8 million for July
1, 2015 through September 30, 2015. Other expense increased $0.3 million, or 25.6%, for July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016
(Successor) and July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) as compared to the comparable period for 2015, due to an increase
in interest expense of $0.2 million, resulting from the new senior term debt. New construction projects began during the first
half of 2016 which required additional working capital and revolver borrowing. As these projects progress, we anticipate that our
borrowing needs will decrease. 

Provision for Income Taxes   

The Predecessor is a limited liability company treated as a partnership for federal and state income tax
purposes with all income tax liabilities or benefits being passed to the members. As part of purchase accounting, the Company was
required to record all of Limbach s acquired assets and liabilities at their acquisition date fair value. The Company established
deferred tax assets as well as deferred tax liabilities related to indefinite-lived intangibles through the purchase price allocation.
The Company s current federal and state income taxes are $0.4 million which are offset by $2.7 million of deferred income
tax benefits for a net deferred income tax benefit of $2.3 million for the period from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016
(Successor). The Company has a net deferred tax asset of $3.1 million as of September 30, 2016 (Successor). Prior to the Business
Combination, the Company had a deferred tax asset of $2.3 million which was offset by an equivalent valuation allowance. The valuation
allowance was recorded due to management s assumptions and judgments regarding the recoverability of the deferred tax asset,
based on the more likely than not criterion. Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, management determined that no valuation
allowance was required and it was reversed. This resulted in $2.3 million of deferred income tax benefit, and an unusually high
effective tax rate of 364.6%, within the Successor period from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016. 

Comparison of Results of Operations for July 20, 2016
through September 30, 2016 (Successor), January 1, 2016   

Through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor), and January 1, 2015
through September 30, 2015 (Predecessor)   

The following table presents operating results for July 20,
2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor), January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) and January 1, 2015 through September
30, 2015 (Predecessor), in absolute terms and expressed as a percentage of total revenue, as compared below: 

(1) As a percentage of Construction revenue. 

 (2) As a percentage of Service revenue. 

Comparison of select financial data:  

Revenue   

Revenue was $91.9 million for July 20, 2016 through September
30, 2016 (Successor) and $221.4 million for January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) as compared to $239.6 million for
January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015. Revenue increased $73.7 million, or 30.8%, for July 20, 2016 through September 30,
2016 (Successor) and January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) as compared to the same period for 2015. Construction
revenue increased by $62.7 million, or 32.3%, and Service revenue increased by $11.0 million, or 24.2%. The increase in Construction
revenue was primarily driven by growth in the Southern California ($22.3 million), Florida ($17.2 million), and Michigan ($29.1
million) regions and partially offset by decline in the Mid Atlantic ($9.1 million) region. The $13.9 million increase in Service
revenue resulted primarily from the Company s focus over recent years on developing longer term customer relationships and
sales of larger service owner-direct projects and contracts. Growth in Ohio $5.9 million, Florida $4.3 million, and Southern California
$2.6 million caused the overall service revenue growth. 

Gross Profit   

Gross profit was $12.1 million for July 20, 2016 through September
30, 2016 (Successor) and $28.5 million for January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) as compared to $32.3 million for
January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015. Gross profit increased $8.3 million, or 25.7%, for July 20, 2016 through September
30, 2016 (Successor) and January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) as compared to the same period for 2015. Construction
gross profit increased $6.2 million, or 28.1%. Service gross profit increased $2.1 million, or 20.7%. The increase in gross profit
resulted from increase in revenue. The total gross profit percentage decreased from 13.5% as of September 30, 2015 to 12.9% as
of September 30, 2016. The increase in Construction gross profit was primarily driven by growth in the Southern California $2.5
million, Florida $2.4 million, Michigan $2.5 million regions and partially offset by decline in the Mid Atlantic $1.5 million.
Service gross profit percentage of 21.7% for January 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016 represented a decrease from 22.3% for January
1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 due to the Company performing larger service projects which produce higher gross profit dollars
at a lower gross profit percentage indicating that the core annuity like service and maintenance business continues to grow and
produce favorable gross margin. Growth in Ohio $1.1 million, Florida $1.0 million, and Southern California $.5 million caused the
overall Service gross profit growth. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   

Selling, general and administrative expenses were $10.2 million
for July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor) and $24.0 million for January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor)
as compared to $27.4 million for January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased
$6.8 million, or 24.7%, for July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor) and January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor)
as compared to the same period for 2015. For the period from January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor), the Company incurred
$1.5 million related to stock option compensation expense incurred in connection with the Business Combination. The Successor incurred
transaction costs of $0.1 million and other compensation expense of $0.6 million related to the Business Combination. The remaining
increase was primarily due to an increase in the salary and benefits for selling and support staff at corporate, additional incentive
accrual, investment in IT infrastructure and additional staff in Michigan and Florida to support backlog. 

Amortization of intangibles   

Total amortization expense for the amortizable intangible assets
was $1.4 million for July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor). There were no intangible assets in the Predecessor periods,
and accordingly no amortization expense. 

Other Expense   

Other expense was $0.9 million for July 20, 2016 through September
30, 2016 (Successor) and $1.9 million for January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) as compared to $2.4 million for January
1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 (Predecessor). Other expense increased $0.4 million, or 17.6%, for July 20, 2016 through September
30, 2016 (Successor) and January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) as compared to the comparable period for 2015, due
to an increase in interest expense of $0.4 million, resulting from the new senior debt which has a much higher balance in the Successor
period, as well as a higher subordinated debt balance from January 1, 2016 to July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) versus January 1, 2015
through September 30, 2015 (Predecessor). New construction projects began during the first half of 2016 which required additional
working capital and revolver borrowing. As these projects progress, we anticipate that our borrowing needs will decrease. 

Provision for Income Taxes   

The Predecessor is a limited liability company treated as a
partnership for federal and state income tax purposes with all income tax liabilities or benefits being passed to the members.
As part of purchase accounting, the Company was required to record all of Limbach s acquired assets and liabilities at their
acquisition date fair value. The Company established deferred tax assets as well as deferred tax liabilities related to indefinite-lived
intangibles through the purchase price allocation. The Company s current federal and state income taxes are $0.4 million
which are offset by $2.7 million of deferred income tax benefits for a net deferred income tax benefit of $2.3 million for the
period from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor). The Company has a net deferred tax asset of $3.1 million as of
September 30, 2016 (Successor). Prior to the Business Combination, the Company had a deferred tax asset of $2.3 million which was
offset by an equivalent valuation allowance. The valuation allowance was recorded due to management s assumptions and judgments
regarding the recoverability of the deferred tax asset, based on the more likely than not criterion. Upon the consummation of the
Business Combination, management determined that no valuation allowance was required and it was reversed. This resulted in $2.3
million of deferred income tax benefit, and an unusually high effective tax rate of 364.6%, within the Successor period from July
20, 2016 through September 30, 2016. 

Seasonality, Cyclicality and Quarterly Trends  

Severe weather can impact our operations. In the northern climates
where we operate, and to a lesser extent the southern climates as well, severe winters can slow our productivity on construction
projects, which shifts revenue and gross profit recognition to a later period. Our maintenance operations may also be impacted
by mild or severe weather. Mild weather tends to reduce demand for our maintenance services, whereas severe weather may increase
the demand for our maintenance and spot services. Our operations also experience mild cyclicality, as building owners typically
work through maintenance and capital projects at an increased level during the third and fourth calendar quarters of each year. 

Effect of Inflation  

The prices of products such as steel, pipe, copper and equipment
from manufacturers are subject to fluctuation. While it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation due to the imprecise
nature of the estimates required, we believe the effects of inflation, if any, on our results of operations and financial condition
have been immaterial. When appropriate, we include cost escalation factors into our bids and proposals. In addition, we are often
able to mitigate the impact of future price increases by entering into fixed price purchase orders for materials and equipment
and subcontracts on our projects. 

Non-GAAP Measures  

Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures   

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. We define Adjusted
EBITDA as net income, plus depreciation and amortization expense, interest expense, taxes, and non-operating expenses such as management
and consulting fees. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is meaningful to our investors to enhance their understanding of our financial
performance for the current period exclusive of expenses that will not reoccur. We understand that Adjusted EBITDA is frequently
used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties as a measure of financial performance and to compare our performance
with the performance of other companies that report Adjusted EBITDA. Our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA, however, may not be comparable
to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. When assessing our operating performance, investors and others should
not consider this data in isolation or as a substitute for net income calculated in accordance with GAAP. Further, the results
presented by Adjusted EBITDA cannot be achieved without incurring the costs that the measure excludes. A reconciliation of Adjusted
EBITDA to net income, the most comparable GAAP measure, is provided under  Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures 
in the Results of Operations section below. 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures    

The table below reconciles net income (the most comparable GAAP
financial measure) to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented in this table and elsewhere in this report. The notes to the table
below contain a further description of the adjustments. 

(1) Limbach paid management fees to its majority shareholder
and a minority shareholder group. Total management fees were $0.1 million for July 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor).
Total management fees were $0.7 million for January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor). The management agreement terminated
upon closing of the Business Combination. 

(2) The Company employed a management consulting firm to undertake
a onetime assessment of all existing senior management staff. Limbach incurred $0.2 million of expenses related to the onetime
assessment of existing senior management staff. The Company continues to employ the consultant for new hire assessment and other
projects and expenses are recognized in the current year and these new expenses are not considered an Adjusted EBITDA adjustment. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Summary of Cash Flows  

Our liquidity needs relate primarily to the provision of working
capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) to support operations, funding of capital expenditures, and investment
in strategic opportunities. Historically, liquidity has been provided by operating activities and borrowing from commercial banks
and institutional lenders. 

As is typical in the construction industry, particularly for
growing companies, we from time to time experience negative operating cash flows. Our current negative trends result from retention
terms, common in the industry, which allow the owner and/or general contractor to retain up to 10.0% of each bill until the project
is complete to ensure the construction company completes the project or the owner/general contractor has funds to complete the
job if the contractor defaults; guaranteed maximum price contracts that limit the monthly billing and fee recognition; and on many
of our construction projects, we incur higher expenses early in the project relative to collections for the work, which collections
increase as the projects continue. Billing and collections on these projects are increasing on a monthly basis and management expects
the negative cash trend will be reversed as these projects mature, cash is collected, and profits increase. For these reasons,
management believes our cash position will stabilize in the fourth quarter of 2016. Management further expects that high volumes
of service work, which is less sensitive to the cash flow issues presented by large construction projects, will further alleviate
the negative cash flow trends. 

We believe our current cash and cash equivalents of $0.5 million,
cash to be received from existing and new customers, and availability of borrowing under a revolving line of credit under our Credit
Agreement (pursuant to which we had $9.9 million of availability as of September 30, 2016) will be sufficient to meet our working
capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. Additionally, we expect that certain non-cash
items, including certain deferred tax assets resulting from accumulated Net Operating Losses generated by the Company prior to
the Business Combination, certain permanent book-tax differences originating in the ordinary course of business, and certain additional
temporary differences between book and tax basis resulting from the Business Combination will mitigate our cash outflow until such
items are completely utilized, and therefore add to liquidity in the near term. 

The following table reflects our available funding capacity
as of September 30, 2016: 

Our cash flows are primarily impacted from period to period
by fluctuations in working capital. Factors such as our contract mix, commercial terms, days sales outstanding ( DSO )
and delays in the start of projects may impact our working capital. In line with industry practice, we accumulate costs during
a given month then bill those costs in the current month for many of our contracts. While labor costs associated with these contracts
are paid weekly and salary costs associated with the contracts are paid on a bi-weekly basis, certain subcontractor costs are generally
not paid until we receive payment from our customers (contractual  pay-if-paid  terms). We have not historically experienced
a large volume of write-offs related to our receivables and our unbilled revenue on contracts in progress. We regularly assess
our receivables and costs in excess of billings for collectability and provide allowances for doubtful accounts where appropriate.
We believe that our reserves for doubtful accounts are appropriate as of September 30, 2016, but adverse changes in the economic
environment may impact certain of our customers  ability to access capital and compensate us for our services, as well as
impact project activity for the foreseeable future. 

The following table represents our summarized working capital
information: 

*  
      Current ratio is calculated by dividing current assets by current liabilities.   

The following table presents summary cash flow information for
the periods indicated: 

Cash Flows Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities   

Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities was $(15.4)
million for July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor) and $1.6 million for January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor)
as compared to $(7.4) million for January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015. For July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor)
and January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor), we used cash and cash equivalents of $13.8 million for operating activities.
We experienced an increase in receivables of $37.1 million and an increase in costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings
on uncompleted contracts of $7.9 million offset by a decrease in billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted
contracts of $17.1 million. The increase in receivables was due to several large payments in our Michigan, Mid Atlantic, and Southern
California branches that were expected on or before September 30 not being collected until the first week of October. The increase
in costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts was due to our contractual terms related to billings
on several large guaranteed maximum price contracts in New England, Mid Atlantic and Southern California and slow owner and general
contractor approval on authorized change orders in Mid Atlantic and Southern California. Non-cash charges for depreciation and
amortization increased by $2.5 million to $4.4 million in nine months 2016 from $1.9 million in 2015 due primarily to the amortization
of intangible assets acquired as part of the acquisition of Limbach Holdings LLC in the third quarter of 2016. 

For January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 (Predecessor),
we used cash and cash equivalents of $7.5 million. We experienced a decrease in costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings
on uncompleted contracts of $7.5 million and an increase in receivables of $5.5 million offset by an increase in accrued expenses
and other current liabilities of $3.7 million and capitalized deferred interest on subordinated debt of $2.0 million. The decrease
in costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts was due to settlement of authorized change orders
and the subsequent billing of the change orders. The increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities was due to accrued
payroll and incentive accrual. The increase in receivables was due to additional business volume. 

Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities   

Cash flows used in investing activities was $13.0 million
for July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor) and $2.1 million for January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016
(Predecessor) as compared to $0.8 million for January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015. Cash used in investing activities
was $15.1 million for July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor) and January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016
(Predecessor), primarily as a result of $32.2 million cash used in the acquisition of Limbach Holdings LLC offset by $19.5
million in proceeds from the 1347 Capital trust account. 

Cash used in investing activities was $0.8 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, primarily as a result of cash outflows for capital expenditures. 

The majority of our 2016 capital additions pertain to additional
vehicles, tools and equipment, computer software and hardware purchases, office furniture and office related leasehold improvements.
We also obtained the use of various assets through operating and capital leases, which reduced the level of capital expenditures
that would have otherwise been necessary to operate our business. 

Cash Flows Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities   

Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities was $28.7
million for July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016 (Successor) and $(5.4) million for January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor)
as compared to $(0.2) million for January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015. On July 20, 2016, in coordination with the Business
Combination, the Company entered into a $25.0 million revolving credit facility (current proceeds of which are $15.1 million),
a $24.0 million term loan and a $13.0 million subordinated debt facility. The Company also paid down its previous subordinated
debt facility of $23.6 million, its revolving credit facility of $8.4 million and made term loan payments of $1.3 million. The
Company also received proceeds of $9.9 million from the issuance of redeemable preferred convertible preferred stock. 

For January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor), we
used cash and cash equivalents of $5.4 million, in financing activities, primarily due to net reduction of long-term debt in the
form of revolver credit of $3.5 million, term loan payments of $1.0 million and capital lease payments of $0.7 million. 

For January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 (Predecessor),
we used net cash and cash equivalents of $0.2 million in financing activities, primarily due to net increase of long-term debt
in the form of revolver credit of $2.3 million offset by term loan payments of $1.6 million and capital lease payments of $0.8
million. 

Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors,
including revenue growth and costs incurred to support it, and increased selling, general and administrative expenses to support
the anticipated growth in our operations and regulatory requirements as a new public company. Our capital expenditures in future
periods are expected to grow in line with our business. To the extent that existing cash and cash from operations are not sufficient
to fund our future operations, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or additional debt financing.
Although we currently are not a party to any agreement and do not have any understanding with any third parties with respect to
potential investments in, or acquisitions of, businesses, we may enter into these types of arrangements in the future, which could
also require us to seek additional equity or debt financing. Additional funds may not be available on terms favorable to us or
at all. 

Debt and Other Obligations  

In January 2016 we amended our prior credit facility, resulting
in a $35.0 million line of credit with a commercial bank, which contained a variable interest at one-month LIBOR plus 2.75% (2.99%
at December 31, 2015), and was due to expire May 2018. This line of credit was refinanced as disclosed below. The line of credit
was subject to certain financial covenants. Prior to the Business Combination, we were in compliance with all the bank covenants
related to the line of credit. Prior to the Business Combination, there were $3.5 million of borrowings under the line of credit.
At September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015, we were in compliance with all the bank covenants related to the line of credit. As
of September 30, 2015, there were $6.8 million of borrowings under our prior line of credit. 

On July 20, 2016 in connection with the Business Combination,
Limbach refinanced its existing debt by entering into the Credit Agreement and Subordinated Loan Agreement, and incurred lender
and third party costs which were all capitalized on the balance sheet. The refinancing qualified as debt extinguishment under GAAP.
The Credit Agreement provides for a $25.0 million line of credit and a $24.0 million term loan with a consortium of four commercial
banks. The loans have a variable interest rate based on one-month LIBOR and expire in July 2021. The loans are subject to certain
financial covenants. The Company entered into the Subordinated Loan Agreement, which provides for a new $13.0 million subordinated
note at 16.0% interest with 13.0% interest paid in cash and the option to pay the additional 3.0% interest in cash or allow it
to accrue into the note balance, as payment in kind. The subordinated loan matures in July 2022. As of September 30, 2016, we were
in compliance with all the financial and other covenants related to the Credit Agreement and the Subordinated Loan Agreement. As
of September 30, 2016, there were $11.7 million of borrowings under the line of credit and $3.4 million in letters of credit. 

Income Taxes   

The Predecessor is a limited liability company treated as a partnership for federal and state income tax
purposes with all income tax liabilities or benefits being passed to the members. As part of purchase accounting, the Company was
required to record all of Limbach s acquired assets and liabilities at their acquisition date fair value. The Company established
deferred tax assets as well as deferred tax liabilities related to indefinite-lived intangibles through the purchase price allocation.
The Company s current federal and state income taxes are $0.4 million which are offset by $2.7 million of deferred income
tax benefits for a net deferred income tax benefit of $2.3 million for the period from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016
(Successor). The Company has a net deferred tax asset of $3.1 million as of September 30, 2016 (Successor). Prior to the Business
Combination, the Company had a deferred tax asset of $2.3 million which was offset by an equivalent valuation allowance. The valuation
allowance was recorded due to management s assumptions and judgments regarding the recoverability of the deferred tax asset,
based on the more likely than not criterion. Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, management determined that no valuation
allowance was required and it was reversed. This resulted in $2.3 million of deferred income tax benefit, and an unusually high
effective tax rate of 364.6%, within the Successor period from July 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016. 

Insurance and Self-Insurance  

We purchase workers  compensation and general liability
insurance under policies with per-incident deductibles of $250,000 per occurrence. Losses incurred over primary policy limits are
covered by umbrella and excess policies up to specified limits with an independent insurer. We accrue for the unfunded portion
of costs for both reported claims and claims incurred but not reported. The liability for unfunded reported claims and future claims
is reflected on the consolidated balance sheets as current and non-current liabilities. The liability is determined by determining
a reserve for each reported claim on a case-by-case basis based on the nature of the claim and historical loss experience for similar
claims plus an allowance for the cost of incurred but not reported claims. The current portion of the liability is included in
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The non-current portion of the liability is
included in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

We are self-insured related to medical and dental claims under
policies with annual per-claimant and annual aggregate stop-loss limits. We accrue for the unfunded portion of costs for both reported
claims and claims incurred but not reported. The liability for unfunded reported claims and future claims is reflected on the consolidated
balance sheets as a current liability in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 

The components of the self-insurance are reflected below: 

The restricted cash balance represents cash set aside for the
funding of workers  compensation and general liability insurance claims. This amount is replenished when depleted, or at
the beginning of each month. 

Multiemployer Plans  

We participate in approximately 50 multiemployer pension plans
( MEPPs ) that provide retirement benefits to certain union employees in accordance with various collective bargaining
agreements ( CBAs ). As one of many participating employers in these MEPPs, we are responsible with the other participating
employers for any plan underfunding. Our contributions to a particular MEPP are established by the applicable CBAs; however, required
contributions may increase based on the funded status of an MEPP and legal requirements of the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the
 PPA ), which requires substantially underfunded MEPPs to implement a funding improvement plan ( FIP )
or a rehabilitation plan ( RP ) to improve their funded status. Factors that could impact funded status of an MEPP
include, without limitation, investment performance, changes in the participant demographics, decline in the number of contributing
employers, changes in actuarial assumptions and the utilization of extended amortization provisions. Assets contributed to the
MEPPs by us may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. If a participating employer stops contributing
to an MEPP, the unfunded obligations of the MEPP may be borne by the remaining participating employers. 

An FIP or RP requires a particular MEPP to adopt measures to
correct its underfunding status. These measures may include, but are not limited to an increase in a company s contribution
rate as a signatory to the applicable CBA, or changes to the benefits paid to retirees. In addition, the PPA requires that a 5.0%
surcharge be levied on employer contributions for the first year commencing shortly after the date the employer receives notice
that the MEPP is in critical status and a 10.0% surcharge on each succeeding year until a CBA is in place with terms and conditions
consistent with the RP. 

We could also be obligated to make payments to MEPPs if we either
cease to have an obligation to contribute to the MEPP or significantly reduce our contributions to the MEPP because we reduce the
number of employees who are covered by the relevant MEPP for various reasons, including, but not limited to, layoffs or closure
of a subsidiary assuming the MEPP has unfunded vested benefits. The amount of such payments (known as a complete or partial withdrawal
liability) would equal our proportionate share of the MEPPs  unfunded vested benefits. We believe that certain of the MEPPs
in which we participate may have unfunded vested benefits. Due to uncertainty regarding future factors that could trigger withdrawal
liability, we are unable to determine (a) the amount and timing of any future withdrawal liability, if any, and (b) whether our
participation in these MEPPs could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

Related-Party Transactions  

Predecessor   

In 2002 Limbach Management Holding Company, LLC (LMHC) contributed
capital of $4.0 million to Limbach Holdings LLC, of which $1.0 million was evidenced by a note payable to the Company which is
included in Member's Equity. The interest rate on the note was 6.0%. The note matured upon the earlier of the date of a change
in control (as defined in the note), the date that was one year after the consummation of an initial public offering of the Company,
or the date on which there was a dissolution of the Company. If accrued interest was outstanding, interest receivable related to
the note would be included in other assets. The note, together with accrued interest, of $1.0 million was paid at the consummation
of the Business Combination on July 20, 2016. 

The Company also had a management services agreement with LMHC
and an affiliate of another equity member, F d G Associates LLC (F d G), for LMHC and F d G to perform certain
advisory and consulting services. In consideration for such services, the Company was charged a quarterly fee of $50,000 by LMHC
and $250,000 by F d G. Amounts owed to LMHC relating to the agreement totaled $50,000 at December 31, 2015, and amounts owed
to F d G relating to the agreement totaled $250,000 at December 31, 2015. Total management fees were $0.1 million for July
1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor) and $0.7 million for January 1, 2016 through July 19, 2016 (Predecessor). The LMHC
and F d G management services agreements were both terminated on July 20, 2016, the date of the Business Combination. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

We review new accounting standards to determine the expected
financial impact, if any, that the adoption of such standards will have. See Part I. Item 1,  Financial Statements  
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 3, Accounting Standards , for further information regarding
new accounting standards, including the anticipated dates of adoption and the effects on our consolidated financial position, results
of operations or liquidity. 

Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates

Our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are based
on the application of significant accounting policies, which require management to make significant estimates and
assumptions. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
of the notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe that some of the more critical judgment areas in the
application of accounting policies that affect our financial condition and results of operations are the impact of changes in
the estimates and judgments pertaining to: (a) revenue recognition from (i) long-term construction contracts for which the
percentage-of-completion method of accounting is used and (ii) service contracts; (b) collectability or valuation of accounts
receivable; (c) costs and earnings in excess of billings and billings in excess of costs and earnings; (d) property and
equipment;  (e) fair value measurements; (f) stock based compensation; (g) impairment of both definite and indefinite lived
intangibles; (h) long-lived assets; (i) insurance reserves; (j) tax valuation allowance; (k) accounting for the business
combination and (l) joint ventures. 

Revenue and Cost Recognition   

We believe our most significant accounting policy is revenue
recognition from long-term construction contracts for which we use the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. Percentage-of-completion
accounting is the prescribed method of accounting for long-term contracts in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification ( ASC )
Topic 605-35,  Revenue Recognition   Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts , and, accordingly, is the
method used for revenue recognition within our industry. Revenue from fixed price and modified fixed price contracts are recognized
on the percentage-of-completion method, measured by the relationship of total cost incurred to total estimated contract costs (cost-to-cost
method). Revenue from time and materials contracts are recognized as services are performed. 

Contract costs include direct labor, material, and subcontractor
costs, and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs, depreciation,
and insurance. Selling, general, and administrative costs are charged to expense as incurred. Bidding and proposal costs are also
recognized as an expense in the period in which such amounts are incurred. Total estimated contract costs are based upon management s
current estimate of total costs at completion. Contract revenue for long-term construction contracts is based upon management s
estimate of contract prices at completion, including revenue for additional work on which contract pricing has not been finalized
claims. Changes in job performance, job conditions, and estimated profitability, including those arising from contract penalty
provisions and final contract settlements, may result in revisions to estimated costs and income, and are recognized in the period
in which the revisions are determined. Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are recognized in the period in
which such losses are determined. 

In addition to revenue recognition for long-term construction
contracts, the Company recognizes revenue from service contracts as these services are performed. There are two basic types of
service contracts: fixed price service contracts which are signed in advance for maintenance, repair, and retrofit work over a
period, typically of one year, and service contracts not signed in advance for similar maintenance, repair, and retrofit work on
an as-needed basis. Fixed price service contracts are generally performed evenly over the contract period, and accordingly, revenue
is recognized on a pro rata basis over the life of the contract. Revenue derived from other service contracts are recognized when
the services are performed. Expenses related to all service contracts are recognized as services are provided. 

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted
contracts reflected in the consolidated balance sheets arise when revenue have been recognized but the amounts cannot be billed
under the terms of the contracts. Also included in Costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts are amounts the Company
seeks or will seek to collect from customers or others for errors or changes in contract specifications or design, contract change
orders in dispute or unapproved as to scope and price, or other customer-related causes of unanticipated additional contract costs
(claims and unapproved change orders). Such amounts are recorded at estimated net realizable value when realization is probable
and can be reasonably estimated. No profit is recognized on the construction costs incurred in connection with claim amounts. Claims
and unapproved change orders made by the Company may involve negotiation and, in rare cases, litigation. Unapproved change orders
and claims also involve the use of estimates, and it is reasonably possible that revisions to the estimated recoverable amounts
of recorded claims and unapproved change orders may be made in the near term. Claims against the Company are recognized when a
loss is considered probable and amounts are reasonably determinable. Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted
contracts represent billings in excess of revenue recognized. 

In accordance with industry practice, we classify as current
all assets and liabilities relating to the performance of long-term contracts. The term of our contracts ranges from one month
to three years and, accordingly, collection or payment of amounts relating to these contracts may extend beyond one year. 

Costs and Earnings in Excess of Billings and Billings
in Excess of Costs and Earnings   

The asset  Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings
on uncompleted contracts  represents revenue earned and recognized in advance of billings. The liability  Billings
in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts  represents billings in advance of revenue recognized.
These amounts will generally be billable or recognizable, as applicable, in the next twelve months. We generally consider collection
risk to be low. When events or conditions indicate that the amounts outstanding may become uncollectible, an allowance is estimated
and recorded. 

Accounts Receivable   

Accounts receivable include amounts billed to customers under
retention provisions in construction contracts. Such provisions are standard in the Company s industry and usually allow
for a small portion of progress billings or the contract price, typically 10%, to be withheld by the customer until after the Company
has completed work on the project. Based on the Company s experience with similar contracts in recent years, billings for
such retention balances at each balance sheet date are finalized and collected after project completion. 

The carrying value of the receivables, net of the allowance
for doubtful accounts, represents their estimated net realizable value. Management provides for probable uncollectible accounts
through a charge to earnings and a credit to the valuation account based on its assessment of the current status of individual
accounts, type of service performed, and current economic conditions. Balances that are still outstanding after management has
used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and an adjustment of the account
receivable. 

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment, including purchases financed through
capital leases, are stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets using the straight-line method.
Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Leasehold improvements for operating leases are amortized over
the lesser of the term of the related lease or the estimated useful lives of the improvements. 

Fair Value Measurements   

The Company classifies and discloses assets and liabilities
carried at fair value in one of the following three categories: 

Level 1   quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;   

Level 2   observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data; and   

Level 3   significant unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.    

Successor  

The Company believes that the carrying amounts of its financial
instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, accounts payable and amounts drawn under the revolving
portion of the new senior credit facility consist primarily of instruments without extended maturities, which approximate fair
value primarily due to their short-term maturities and low risk of counterparty default. We also believe that the carrying value
of the term portion of the new senior credit facility approximates its fair value due to the variable rate on such debt. Management
also believes that the carrying value of the subordinated debt approximates fair value due to its recent issuance and comparable
term sheets received from non-traditional lenders. Based on this analysis the Company determined as of September 30, 2016 the fair
value of its subordinated debt of $13.1 million approximates its carrying value. 

Predecessor  

The carrying value of the Predecessor debt associated with the
Company s senior credit facility approximates its fair value due to the variable rate on such debt. The fair value of the
Company s subordinated debt was determined based upon Level 3 inputs including a comparison to current market conditions
as shown by relevant indexes and average yields, security specific leverage, and seniority within the capital structure. 

Stock Based Compensation    

Predecessor  

The Company measured future compensation expense for all stock
options and warrants based on the fair value of the awards at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The
Company s Predecessor stock options could only be exercised with a change in control of the Company, consummation of an initial
public offering, or dissolution of the Company, as defined by the agreement. In conjunction with the Business Combination on July
20, 2016, the Predecessor options were exercised in a cashless exercise and compensation expense for all outstanding options was
recorded in the predecessor period from January 1, 2016 to July 19, 2016. 

Successor  

Upon approval of the Business Combination, the Company adopted
the 1347 Capital Corp. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ). Certain employees, directors and consultants
will be eligible to be granted awards under the 2016 Plan, other than incentive stock options, which may be granted only to employees.
Successor has reserved 800,000 shares of the Company s common stock for issuance under the 2016 Plan. The number of shares
issued or reserved pursuant to the 2016 Plan will be adjusted by the plan administrator, as they deem appropriate and equitable,
as a result of stock splits, stock dividends, and similar changes in the Company s common stock. In connection with the grant
of an award, the plan administrator may provide for the treatment of such award in the event of a change in control, including
that, in the event of an involuntary termination of a participant s employment in connection with a change in control, any
outstanding awards that are unexercisable or otherwise unvested will become fully vested and/or immediately exercisable. No options
have been granted under the 2016 Plan. 

Intangible Assets and Impairment   

We review intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject
to amortization for impairment each year, or more frequently when events or significant changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying value may not be recoverable. 

We also review intangible assets with definite lives subject
to amortization whenever events or circumstances indicate that a carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Intangible
assets with definite lives subject to amortization are amortized on a straight-line basis with estimated useful lives ranging from
1 to 7 years. Events or circumstances that might require impairment testing include the identification of other impaired assets
within a reporting unit, loss of key personnel, the disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit, a significant decline
in stock price or a significant adverse change in business climate or regulations. 

Long-Lived Assets    

We evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that a potential impairment has occurred. A potential impairment has occurred if the
projected future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets. The estimate of cash flows includes management s
assumptions of cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of the asset in operations. When a potential impairment
has occurred, an impairment charge is recorded if the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. Fair value
is measured based on a projected discounted cash flow model using a discount rate we feel is commensurate with the risk inherent
in our business. Our impairment analysis contains estimates due to the inherently judgmental nature of forecasting long-term estimated
cash flows and determining the ultimate useful lives of assets. Actual results may differ, which could materially impact our impairment
assessment. 

Business Combination   

As a result of the Business Combination, the Company is the
acquirer for accounting purposes and Limbach Holdings LLC ( LHLLC ) is the acquiree and accounting predecessor. The
Company s financial statement presentation distinguishes the Company s presentations into two distinct periods, the
period up to the closing date of the Business Combination (Predecessor) and the period including and after that date (Successor).
The Business Combination was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting, and the Successor
financial statements reflect a new basis of accounting that is based on the fair value of the net assets acquired. Determining
the fair value of certain assets and liabilities assumed is judgmental in nature and often involves the use of significant estimates
and assumptions. See Note 4    Business Combination  in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
for a discussion of the estimated fair values of assets and liabilities recorded in connection with the Company s acquisition
of LHLLC. 

Joint Ventures   

The Company accounts for its participation in certain special
purpose, project specific joint ventures under the equity method of accounting. The Company s entry into these joint ventures
is for the purpose of bidding, negotiating and completing specific projects. The Company and its joint venture partner(s) separately
enter into their own sub-contracts with the joint venture for each party s respective portion of the work. All revenue and
expenses and the related contract assets and liabilities related to Limbach s sub-contract are recorded within the Company s
statement of operations and balance sheet, similarly to any other construction project. The joint venture itself does not accumulate
any profits or losses, as the joint venture revenue are equal to the sub-contracts it issues to the joint venture partners. The
voting power and management of the joint ventures is shared by all joint venture partners, qualifying these entities for joint
venture treatment under GAAP. The shared voting power and management responsibilities allow the Company to exercise significant
influence without controlling the joint venture entity. As such, the Company applies the equity method of accounting as defined
in ASC 323. 

Contractual Obligations  

The following table represents the Company s contractual
commitments (which include expected interest expense, calculated based on current interest rates) to make future payments pursuant
to debt and other obligations disclosed above and pursuant to operating leases outstanding as of September 30, 2016: 

1 - Interest on long-term debt includes interest due on subordinated debt at an interest rate of 16.00% (13.00% paid in cash quarterly and 3.00% deferred quarterly), interest due on the drawn portion of the revolver at interest rates of 6.25% and 4.27%, projected interest due on the outstanding term debt at an interest rate of 4.27% and a 0.50% unused commitment fee on the unused balance of the revolver. 

2 - Purchase commitments represent open purchase orders for material and subcontracting costs related to construction and service contracts. These purchase orders are not reflected in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and should not impact future cash flows, as amounts should be recovered through customer billings.                                         

Off-Balance
Sheet and Other Arrangements   

We did not have any relationships with any entities or financial
partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose entities established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet
arrangements or other purposes. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk   

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures  

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30,
2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rule 13a l5(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including
its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. 

Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures,
as of September 30, 2016, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective due to a material weakness (as defined in SEC Rule 12b-2) in our internal control over financial reporting.
A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. 

We have determined that entity level and financial reporting
controls were ineffective. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not yet fully developed the required accounting and financial
reporting control environment to achieve the precision and timeliness required for a public company. The infrastructure of the
accounting department, including the complement of personnel, is not sufficient to account for complex transactions, such as Business
Combinations, or to fully handle SEC reporting requirements. Additionally, limitations with our current financial close processes
and supporting systems adversely impact our ability to generate financial statements that are free of material misstatement on
a timely basis. Because the Company's financial statements are dependent on the effectiveness of these controls, these deficiencies
can result in the increased chance of fraud occurring and not being detected or the increased likelihood of a material error in
the Company's financial statements. 

In light of the material weakness, we have retained a consulting
firm with technical expertise in accounting and SEC reporting matters to support the preparation of our financial statements and
assist us in performing additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure that such financial statements were prepared
in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material
respects, our financial condition, results of operations, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for the periods presented. 

In addition, the Company has begun taking other steps to remediate the material weakness. We have hired
additional personnel with relevant accounting experience, skills and knowledge. We intend to further review our finance and accounting
functions to evaluate whether we have a sufficient number of appropriately trained and experienced personnel and plan to add new
personnel as we deem necessary. With assistance from consulting firm resources, we have begun to implement enhancements to our
disclosure controls and procedures including the establishment of a Disclosure Committee. The Company also began a comprehensive
assessment, documentation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Management s assertion
requirements under section 404 (a) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. We anticipate this work will include implementing remediation steps
to address the material weakness discussed above. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a l5(f) and l 5d-15(f)) during the period covered by this report that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

On May 10, 2016, Robert Garfield, on behalf
of himself and all other similarly situated public holders of 1347 Capital s common stock, filed a Verified Class Action
and Derivative Complaint (the  Complaint ) against 1347 Capital, Gordon G. Pratt, Hassan R. Baqar, Larry G. Swets,
Jr., John T. Fitzgerald, Joshua Horowitz, Leo Christopher Saenger III, and Thomas D. Sargent (the  Defendants ) in
the Circuit Court of Du Page County, Illinois. In his Complaint, Mr. Garfield alleges that (1) the Defendants  efforts to
consummate the Business Combination are  ultra vires  acts in violation of the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (the  Charter ) because the Charter required 1347 Capital to liquidate if it had not entered
into a letter of intent or definitive agreement to consummate an initial business combination by January 21, 2016, and the letter
of intent with Limbach was not entered into until January 29, 2016, (2) the Defendants breached their fiduciary duties to the shareholders
in negotiating and approving the merger because, among other things, they had conflicts of interest resulting from their ownership
of insider shares, and (3) the Defendants filed a proxy statement that was incomplete and misleading because, among other things,
the proxy statement does not disclose certain conflicts of interest and the violation of 1347 Capital s Charter. The Complaint
therefore seeks (a) a determination that the action is a proper class action and that Mr. Garfield is a proper class representative;
(b) a determination that the action is a proper derivative action; (c) a declaration that the Company s directors breached
their fiduciary duties; (d) a declaration that the merger agreement is void because it is ultra vires; (e) injunctive relief enjoining
the merger and, if consummated, rescinding the merger; (f) compensatory and/or rescissory damages; and (g) an award of costs and
attorney s fees. The Defendants intend to vigorously defend this lawsuit and believe that the Complaint is without merit
because, among other things, 1347 Capital entered into a letter of intent prior to January 21, 2016 with a potential target for
a business combination (other than Limbach) which 1347 Capital was unable to consummate, thereby extending its deadline for completing
a business combination to July 21, 2016, the Defendants did not breach their fiduciary duties, and the proxy statement is not incomplete
and misleading. 

The Company is also a party to legal and/or
administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of its business. It is the opinion of management that the outcome of
such proceedings will not have a material effect on the Company s financial position and results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risk factors discussed under the caption
  Risk Factors Risks Related to Limbach s Business and Industry  included in the Company s
final prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on June 16, 2016, as amended and supplemented (the  Prospectus ).
There have been no material changes to our risk factors previously disclosed under the caption  Risk Factors Risks
Related to Limbach s Business and Industry  included in the Prospectus.  Additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition or operating results.  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds   

Use of Proceeds from our Public Offering  

On July 21, 2014, we consummated the Public
Offering of 4,000,000 units (the  Units ) at a price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $40,000,000.
EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. acted as representative of the underwriters (the  Representative ). The securities sold in the
offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-195695). The SEC declared the
registration statement effective on July 15, 2014. 

On July 21, 2014 the underwriters exercised
their over-allotment option in full and on July 23, 2014 purchased an additional 600,000 Units subject to such over-allotment option.
The Units issued pursuant to the over-allotment option were sold at the Public Offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of $6,000,000. On July 21, 2014, simultaneously with the completion of the Public Offering, the Company also issued a unit
purchase option ( UPO ) for $100 to the representative of the underwriters to purchase up to a total of 300,000 Units. 

The Company incurred approximately $1,800,000
in costs related to the Public Offering, including a total of $1,380,000 in underwriting discounts paid to the underwriters and
approximately $280,000 of legal expenses. 

The Company engaged the Representative
to act as its advisor in connection with the Company s initial business combination to provide it with assistance in negotiating
and structuring the terms of its initial business combination. The Company agreed to pay the Representative a cash fee equal
to 3.5% of the total gross proceeds raised in the Public Offering, or $1,610,000, for such services upon the consummation of the
Company s initial business combination, exclusive of any applicable finders  fees which might become payable, less
up to 30% of such fee that the Company may allocate to one or more other advisors that assist it in identifying or consummating
an initial business combination. 

A total of $46,000,000 of the net proceeds
from the Public Offering and the Private Placement were placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s
public stockholders at JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the  Trust Account ), with Continental Stock Transfer   Trust
Company acting as trustee.   

In connection with the closing of the Company s
business combination with Limbach Holdings LLC (the  Business Combination ), the Company paid, using the funds in the
Trust Account: 

$28 million to the holders of a total of 2,800,000 shares of the Company s common stock who
elected to redeem their shares in connection with the Business Combination; and   

$33 million to the sellers in the Business Combination.   

Upon the closing of the Business Combination,
the Company had total cash and cash equivalents of approximately $3.3 million, before payment of financial advisory fees and other
fees and expenses associated with the Business Combination of approximately $5.3 million in the aggregate. 

Shelf Registration Statement  

On September 15, 2016, the Company filed
a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-213646) (the  Form S-3 ) to register for resale the up to 2,300,000
shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the 4,600,000 warrants that were issued as part of the Units in the Public
Offering. The Form S-3 was declared effective by the SEC on September 22, 2016. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits   

The Exhibit Index following the signature page hereto is incorporated
herein by reference. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.    

Date: November 14, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Charles A Bacon, III  

Charles A. Bacon, III  

Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer)  

Date: November 14, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ John T. Jordan, Jr.  

John T. Jordan, Jr.  

Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer)  

The exhibits and schedules to
these Exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Company agrees to furnish supplementally copies
of such omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

<EX-10.13>
 2
 v452533_ex10-13.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.13

Exhibit 10.13  

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO
AMENDED AND RESTATED REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT  

This Amendment No.
1 to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (this    Amendment   ) is dated October 11, 2016
and amends that certain Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2016, by and among Limbach Holdings,
Inc. (f/k/a 1347 Capital Corp.) (the    Company   ) and the Investors (as defined in the Agreement) party
thereto (the    Agreement   ). 

WHEREAS , pursuant
to the Agreement, the Investors (as defined in the Agreement) are entitled to certain registration rights; 

WHEREAS , Section
3.1 of the Agreement provides that, subject to certain conditions, holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities (as defined
in the Agreement) then outstanding (the    Requisite Holders   ) may amend the Agreement; 

WHEREAS , the
undersigned Requisite Holders desire to amend the Agreement to (i) extend the deadline by which the Company must file the Resale
Shelf Registration Statement (as defined in the Agreement), (ii) extend the deadline by which the Resale Shelf Registration Statement
must be declared effective by the Commission (as defined in the Agreement) and (iii) permit the transfer and assignment of the
rights granted to a Holder (as defined in the Agreement) to a Holder s members or stockholders. 

NOW, THEREFORE ,
for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree: 

1.            Definitions  .
All capitalized terms used in this Amendment but not otherwise defined herein are given the meanings set forth in the Agreement. 

2.            Amendments  .
The Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

a.           Section
1.1 is hereby amended by inserting the following after clause (gg) and renumbering the subsequent clauses accordingly: (hh)   Outside
Date   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.11 . 

b.           Section
2.1(a)(i) of the Agreement is hereby amended by replacing  thirty (30) days  in the first sentence with  ninety
(90) days . 

c.           Section
2.10 of the Agreement is hereby amended by replacing clause (i) therein with  (i) an Affiliate, stockholder or member of
such Holder . 

d.           Section
2.11 of the Agreement is hereby amended by (i) replacing  ninety (90) days after the Closing  in the first sentence
with  seventy-five (75) days after the filing of the Resale Shelf Registration Statement with the Commission (the   Outside
Date  )  and (ii) replacing each reference to  90th day  in the first sentence with  Outside Date . 

3.            Nature
of Agreement; No Other Amendments  . The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that this Amendment constitutes an amendment
to the Agreement in accordance with Section 3.1 thereof. Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, all other terms and
provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Each reference in the Agreement to  this Agreement, 
 hereunder,   hereof,   herein  or words of like import referring to the Agreement shall mean
and be a reference to the Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 

4.            Section
Headings  . The section headings of this Amendment are for reference purposes only and are to be given no effect in the construction
or interpretation of this Amendment. 

5.            Counterparts  .
This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
will constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by facsimile,
..pdf or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart to the Amendment. 

6.            Governing
Law  . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware without regard
to the conflicts of Law principles thereof. 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the undersigned
have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 

Limbach Holdings, Inc.    

By: 
     /s/ John T. Jordan, Jr.  

Name: John T. Jordan, Jr.  

Title: EVP/CFO  

1347 Investors LLC    

By: 
     /s/ Hassan R. Baqar  

Name: Hassan R. Baqar  

Title: President  

F    d  G HVAC LLC    

By: 
     /s/ David S. Gellman  

Name: David S. Gellman  

Title: Vice President  

[ Signature Page to Amendment
No. 1 to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement ] 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v452533_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CEO 

I, Charles A. Bacon, III, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of
Limbach Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Charles A. Bacon, III  

Charles A. Bacon, III   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v452533_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CFO 

I, John T. Jordan, Jr., certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of
Limbach Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ John T. Jordan, Jr.  

John T. Jordan, Jr.   

Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v452533_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PERIOD REPORT 

I, Charles A. Bacon, III, Chief
Executive Officer of Limbach Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

2.  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Charles A. Bacon, III  

Charles A. Bacon, III   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 v452533_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PERIOD REPORT 

I, John T. Jordan, Jr., Chief Financial
Officer of Limbach Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

2.  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ John T. Jordan, Jr.  

John T. Jordan, Jr.   

Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-32.2>

