<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161026_10-Q_edgar_data_702165_0000702165-16-000307_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4624754</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>174555</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>278094</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1683966</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1799415</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>584359</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>25</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000702165-16-000307.hdr.sgml : 20161026
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161026111857
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000702165-16-000307
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161026
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161026

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000702165
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROADS, LINE-HAUL OPERATING [4011]
		IRS NUMBER:				521188014
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08339
		FILM NUMBER:		161951854

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THREE COMMERCIAL PL
		CITY:			NORFOLK
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23510-2191
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7576292680

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THREE COMMERCIAL PL
		CITY:			NORFOLK
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23510-2191

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000702165-16-000307.txt : 20161026

10-Q
 1
 nsc09301610-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, DC 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (X)   QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the quarterly period ended   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
    
  (  )    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the transition period from ___________ to___________ 
    
  Commission file number 1-8339 

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                 Virginia 
  (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
    52-1188014 
  (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
      Three Commercial Place 
  Norfolk, Virginia 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
    23510-2191 
  (Zip Code) 
      (757) 629-2680 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
      No Change 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
  Yes [X] No [  ] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
  Yes [X] No [  ] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
  Large accelerated filer  [X] Accelerated filer [  ]  Non-accelerated filer [  ]  Smaller reporting company [   ]  
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
  Yes [  ] No [X] 
    
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
  NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES (NS) 

Page 
       Part I.   
     Financial Information:  

Item 1.  
     Financial Statements:  

Consolidated Statements of Income Third Quarters and First Nine Months of 2016 and 2015  
    3 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Third Quarters and First Nine Months of 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Consolidated Balance Sheets At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows First Nine Months of 2016 and 2015  
    6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 
        
     Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    19 
        
     Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    27 
        
     Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    27 

Part II.   
     Other Information:  

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    28 
        
     Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    28 
        
     Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    29 
        
     Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    29 

Signatures  
    30 

Exhibit Index  
    31 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

Norfolk Southern Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Income 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to     consolidated     financial     statements. 
  3 

Norfolk Southern Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to     consolidated     financial     statements. 
  4 

Norfolk Southern Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to     consolidated     financial     statements. 
  5 

Norfolk Southern Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to     consolidated     financial     statements. 
  6 

Norfolk Southern Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 
    
  In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) necessary to present fairly Norfolk Southern Corporation (Norfolk Southern) and subsidiaries  (collectively, NS, we, us, and our) financial position at   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , our results of operations and comprehensive income for the   third quarter  s and   first nine months   of   2016   and   2015  , and our cash flows for the   first nine months   of   2016   and   2015   in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). 
    
  These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

1.  Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  During the first, second, and third quarters of   2016  , a committee of non-employee members of our Board of Directors (and the Chief Executive Officer when delegated authority by such committee) granted stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs) and performance share units (PSUs) pursuant to the Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) and granted stock options pursuant to the Thoroughbred Stock Option Plan (TSOP), as discussed below.  Stock-based compensation expense was   $7 million   and   $3 million   during the   third   quarters of   2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Stock-based compensation expense was   $42 million   and   $38 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The total tax effects recognized in income in relation to stock-based compensation expense were net benefits of   $2 million   and   $1 million   for the   third   quarters of   2016   and   2015  , respectively, and net benefits of   $15 million   and   $12 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Stock Options 
    
  In the first quarter of   2016  ,   691,310   options were granted under the LTIP and   302,320   options were granted under the TSOP, each with a grant price of   $70.32   on the effective date of the grant.  In the third quarter of 2016,   2,980   options were granted under the LTIP with a grant price of   $89.48   on the effective date of the grant.  In each case, the options have a term that will not exceed   ten   years.  The options granted under the LTIP and the TSOP may not be exercised prior to the fourth and third anniversaries of the date of grant, respectively, or if the optionee retires or dies before the anniversary date, may not be exercised before the later of one year after the grant date or the date of the optionee's retirement or death. Holders of options granted under the LTIP who remain actively employed receive cash dividend equivalent payments during the   four   year vesting period in an amount equal to the regular quarterly dividends paid on Norfolk Southern common stock (Common Stock). Dividend equivalent payments are not made on the TSOP options. 
    
  The fair value of each option award was measured on the date of grant using a lattice-based option valuation model. Expected volatility is based on implied volatility from traded options on, and historical volatility of, Common Stock. Historical data is used to estimate option exercises and employee terminations within the valuation model. The average expected option life is derived from the output of the valuation model and represents the period of time that all options granted are expected to be outstanding, including the branches of the model that result in options expiring unexercised. The average risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.  A dividend yield of   zero   was used for the LTIP options during the vesting period.  A dividend yield of   3.37%   was used for all vested LTIP options and all TSOP options. 

7 

The assumptions for the   2016   LTIP and TSOP grants are shown in the following table: 
                        Average expected volatility 
    27% 
      
      Average risk-free interest rate 
    2.00% 
      
      Average expected option term LTIP 
    8.9 years 
      
      Per-share grant-date fair value LTIP 
    $ 
    19.92 
      
      Average expected option term TSOP 
    8.6 years 
      
      Per-share grant-date fair value TSOP 
    $ 
    14.75 

For the   third quarter   of   2016  , options relating to   633,931   shares were exercised, yielding   $32 million   of cash proceeds and   $6 million   of excess tax benefit recognized in the  Provision for income taxes.   For the   third   quarter of   2015  , options relating to   41,134   shares were exercised, yielding   $2 million   of cash proceeds and less than   $1 million   of excess tax benefit, which was recognized as additional paid-in capital. 
    
  For the   first nine months   of   2016  , options relating to   1,003,848   shares were exercised, yielding   $50 million   of cash proceeds and   $8 million   of tax benefit recognized in the  Provision for income taxes.   For the   first nine months   of   2015  , options relating to   372,807   shares were exercised, yielding   $19 million   of cash proceeds and   $4 million   of tax benefit, which was recognized as additional paid-in capital. 
    
  Restricted Stock Units 
    
  During the first and third quarters of   2016  , there were   135,390   and   860   RSUs granted, respectively, with grant-date fair values of   $70.32   and   $89.48  , respectively.  In each case, the RSUs have a   five  -year restriction period that will be settled through the issuance of shares of Common Stock.  The RSU grants include cash dividend equivalent payments during the restriction period in an amount equal to the regular quarterly dividends paid on Common Stock. 
    
  No RSUs were earned or paid out during the   third quarter  s of   2016   or   2015  .  During the   first nine months   of   2016  ,   175,500   of the RSUs granted in 2011 vested, with   103,936   shares of Common Stock issued net of minimum withholding taxes.  For the   first nine months   of   2015  ,   166,750   of the RSUs granted in 2010 vested, with   99,337   shares of Common Stock issued net of minimum withholding taxes.  The total related excess tax benefits were less than   $1 million   and   $1 million   for the   third quarter   and   first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, and were recognized in the  Provision for income taxes,  and less than   $1 million   and   $4 million   for the   third quarter   and   first nine months   of   2015  , respectively, recognized as additional paid-in capital. 
    
  Performance Share Units 
    
  PSUs provide for awards based on the achievement of certain predetermined corporate performance goals at the end of a   three  -year cycle and are settled through the issuance of shares of Common Stock. During the first and second quarters of   2016  , there were   1,036,120   and   6,508   PSUs granted, respectively, with weighted average grant-date fair values of   $52.55   and   $84.00  , respectively.  All PSUs will earn out based on the achievement of performance conditions and some will also earn out based on a market condition.  The market condition fair value was measured on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
    
  No PSUs were earned or paid out in the   third quarter  s of   2016   and   2015  .  During the   first nine months   of   2016  ,   406,038   of the PSUs granted in 2013 were earned, with   241,757   shares of Common Stock issued net of minimum withholding taxes.  For the   first nine months   of   2015  ,   236,601   of the PSUs granted in 2012 were earned, with   141,386   shares of Common Stock issued net of minimum withholding taxes.  The total related excess tax benefits were   $3 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016  , which was recognized in the  Provision for income taxes,  and   $3 million   for the   first nine months   of   2015  , which was recognized as additional paid-in capital. 

8 

2.  Earnings Per Share 
    
  The following table sets forth the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share: 

During the   third quarter  s and   first nine months   of   2016   and   2015  , dividend equivalent payments were made to holders of LTIP stock options and RSUs.  For purposes of computing basic earnings per share, dividend equivalent payments made to holders of these stock options and RSUs were deducted from net income to determine income available to common stockholders. For purposes of computing diluted earnings per share, we evaluate on a grant-by-grant basis those stock options and RSUs receiving dividend equivalent payments under the two-class and treasury stock methods to determine which method is the more dilutive for each grant. For those grants for which the two-class method was more dilutive, net income was reduced by dividend equivalent payments to determine  
  
   9 

income available to common stockholders. The dilution calculations exclude options having exercise prices exceeding the average market price of Common Stock as follows:  

3.  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
  The components of  Other comprehensive income  reported in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and changes in the cumulative balances of  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consisted of the following: 

10 

(1)   
     These items are included in the computation of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs. See Note 7,  Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits,  for additional information. 

4.  Stock Repurchase Program 
    
  We repurchased and retired   7.2 million   and   10.3 million   shares of Common Stock under our stock repurchase program in the   first nine months   of   2016   and   2015  , respectively, at a cost of   $603 million   and   $997 million  , respectively. The timing and volume of purchases is guided by our assessment of market conditions and other pertinent factors. Any near-term share repurchases are expected to be made with internally generated cash, cash on hand, or proceeds from borrowings. Since the beginning of 2006, we have repurchased and retired   158.3 million   shares at a total cost of   $10.1 billion  . 

11 

5.  Investments 
    
  Investment in Conrail 
    
  Through a limited liability company, we and CSX Corporation (CSX) jointly own Conrail Inc. (Conrail), whose primary subsidiary is Consolidated Rail Corporation (CRC). We have a   58%   economic and   50%   voting interest in the jointly owned entity, and CSX has the remainder of the economic and voting interests. Our investment in Conrail was   $1.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , and   $1.1 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  CRC owns and operates certain properties (the Shared Assets Areas) for the joint and exclusive benefit of Norfolk Southern Railway Company (NSR) and CSX Transportation, Inc. (CSXT). The costs of operating the Shared Assets Areas are borne by NSR and CSXT based on usage. In addition, NSR and CSXT pay CRC a fee for access to the Shared Assets Areas.  Purchased services and rents  and  Fuel  include expenses for amounts due to CRC for the operation of the Shared Assets Areas totaling   $38 million   and   $39 million   for the   third quarter  s of   2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $113 million   and   $116 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Our equity in the earnings of Conrail, net of amortization, included in  Purchased services and rents  was   $15 million   and   $9 million   for the   third quarter  s of   2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $37 million   and   $32 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
   Accounts payable  includes   $118 million   at   September 30, 2016  , and   $71 million   at   December 31, 2015  , due to Conrail for the operation of the Shared Assets Areas. In addition,  Other liabilities  includes   $280 million   at both   September 30, 2016  ,   and   December 31, 2015  , for long-term advances from Conrail, maturing   2044  , that bear interest at an average rate of   2.9%  . 
    
  Investment in TTX           
  NS and eight other North American railroads jointly own TTX Company (TTX).  NS has a   19.65%   ownership interest in TTX, a railcar pooling company that provides its owner-railroads with standardized fleets of intermodal, automotive, and general use railcars at stated rates. 
    
  Amounts paid to TTX for use of equipment are included in  Purchased services and rents.   This amounted to   $56 million   of expense for the   third quarter  s of both 2016 and 2015, and   $170 million   and   $162 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. Our equity in the earnings of TTX, also included in  Purchased services and rents,  totaled   $8 million   and   $6 million   for the   third quarter  s of   2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $18 million   and   $15 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

6.  Debt 
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, NS issued   $600 million   of   2.9%   senior notes due   2026  .  In May 2016, we renewed our five-year credit agreement, extending the facility until May 2021.  In June 2016, we renewed and amended our accounts receivable securitization facility, extending it until June 2018. 

12 

7.  Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits 
    
  We have both funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans covering principally salaried employees. We also provide specified health care and life insurance benefits to eligible retired employees; these plans can be amended or terminated at our option.  Under our self-insured retiree health care plan, for those participants who are not Medicare-eligible, a defined percentage of health care expenses is covered for retired employees and their dependents, reduced by any deductibles, coinsurance, and, in some cases, coverage provided under other group insurance policies. Those participants who are Medicare-eligible are not covered under the self-insured retiree health care plan, but instead are provided with an employer-funded health reimbursement account which can be used for reimbursement of health insurance premiums or eligible out-of-pocket medical expenses.  Pension and postretirement benefit cost components for the   third quarter   and   first nine months   are as follows: 

Effective January 1, 2016, we began using a spot rate approach to estimate the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for our pension and other postretirement benefits plans rather than a single weighted-average discount rate.  This change in estimate resulted in reductions in service and interest cost of   $6 million   and   $19 million   in the   third quarter   and   first nine months   of 2016, respectively. 

13 

8.  Fair Value 
    
  Fair Value Measurements 
    
  Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820-10,    Fair Value Measurements,    established a framework for measuring fair value and a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels, as follows: 
    
                 Level 1 
    Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that we have the ability to access. 

Level 2 
    Inputs to the valuation methodology include: 

quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets;   
     
  quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets;  
     
  inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability;  
     
  inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.  

If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term, the Level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level 3 
    Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 

The asset s or liability s fair value measurement level within the hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Other than those assets and liabilities described below that approximate fair value, there were   no   assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at   September 30, 2016  , or   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Fair Values of Financial Instruments 
    
  We have evaluated the fair values of financial instruments and methods used to determine those fair values. The fair values of  Cash and cash equivalents,   Accounts receivable,   Accounts payable,  and  Short-term debt  approximate carrying values because of the short maturity of these financial instruments. The carrying value of corporate-owned life insurance is recorded at cash surrender value and, accordingly, approximates fair value. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values for the remaining financial instruments, excluding investments accounted for under the equity method, consisted of the following: 

Underlying net assets were used to estimate the fair value of investments with the exception of notes receivable, which are based on future discounted cash flows. The fair values of long-term debt were estimated based on quoted market prices or discounted cash flows using current interest rates for debt with similar terms, company rating, and remaining maturity. 

14 

The following table sets forth the fair value of long-term investment and long-term debt balances disclosed above by valuation technique level, within the fair value hierarchy (there were no level 3 valued assets or liabilities). 

9.  Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Lawsuits 
    
  We and/or certain subsidiaries are defendants in numerous lawsuits and other claims relating principally to railroad operations.  When we conclude that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated, it is accrued through a charge to earnings.  While the ultimate amount of liability incurred in any of these lawsuits and claims is dependent on future developments, in our opinion, the recorded liability is adequate to cover the future payment of such liability and claims.  However, the final outcome of any of these lawsuits and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and unfavorable or unexpected outcomes could result in additional accruals that could be significant to results of operations in a particular year or quarter.  Any adjustments to the recorded liability will be reflected in earnings in the periods in which such adjustments become known. 
    
  One of our chemical customers, Sunbelt Chlor Alkali Partnership (Sunbelt), filed a rate reasonableness complaint before the Surface Transportation Board (STB) alleging that our tariff rates for transportation of regulated movements are unreasonable. Since April 1, 2011, we have been billing and collecting amounts based on the challenged tariff rates. In 2014, the STB resolved this rate reasonableness complaint in our favor.  In June 2016, the STB resolved petitions for reconsideration.  The matter remains decided in our favor; however, the findings are still subject to appeal.  We believe the estimate of any reasonably possible loss will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. With regard to rate cases, we record adjustments to revenues in the periods if and when such adjustments are probable and reasonably estimable. 
    
  On November 6, 2007, various antitrust class actions filed against us and other Class I railroads in various Federal district courts regarding fuel surcharges were consolidated in the District of Columbia by the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation. On June 21, 2012, the court certified the case as a class action. The defendant railroads appealed this certification, and the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia vacated the District Court s decision and remanded the case for further consideration. We believe the allegations in the complaints are without merit and intend to vigorously defend the cases. We do not believe the outcome of these proceedings will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. 
    
  Casualty Claims  
    
  Casualty claims include employee personal injury and occupational claims as well as third-party claims, all exclusive of legal costs.  To aid in valuing our personal injury liability and determining the amount to accrue with respect to such claims during the year, we utilize studies prepared by an independent consulting actuarial firm.  Job-related accidental injury and occupational claims are subject to the Federal Employers  Liability Act (FELA), which is applicable only to railroads.  FELA s fault-based system produces results that are unpredictable and inconsistent  
  
   15 

as compared with a no-fault workers  compensation system.  The variability inherent in this system could result in actual costs being different from the liability recorded.  While the ultimate amount of claims incurred is dependent on future developments, in our opinion, the recorded liability is adequate to cover the future payments of claims and is supported by the most recent actuarial study.  In all cases, we record a liability when the expected loss for the claim is both probable and reasonably estimable. 
    
  Employee personal injury claims     The largest component of casualties and other claims expense is employee personal injury costs. The independent actuarial firm engaged by us provides quarterly studies to aid in valuing our employee personal injury liability and estimating personal injury expense. The actuarial firm studies our historical patterns of reserving for claims and subsequent settlements, taking into account relevant outside influences. The actuarial firm uses the results of these analyses to estimate the ultimate amount of liability, which includes amounts for incurred but unasserted claims. We adjust the liability quarterly based upon our assessment and the results of the study. Our estimate of loss liabilities is subject to inherent limitation given the difficulty of predicting future events such as jury decisions, court interpretations, or legislative changes, and as such the actual loss may vary from the estimated liability recorded.  
    
  Occupational claims     Occupational claims (including asbestosis and other respiratory diseases, as well as conditions allegedly related to repetitive motion) are often not caused by a specific accident or event but rather allegedly result from a claimed exposure over time. Many such claims are being asserted by former or retired employees, some of whom have not been employed in the rail industry for decades. The independent actuarial firm provides an estimate of the occupational claims liability based upon our history of claim filings, severity, payments, and other pertinent facts. The liability is dependent upon judgments we make as to the specific case reserves as well as judgments of the actuarial firm in the quarterly studies. The actuarial firm s estimate of ultimate loss includes a provision for those claims that have been incurred but not reported. This provision is derived by analyzing industry data and projecting our experience into the future as far as can be reasonably determined. We adjust the liability quarterly based upon our assessment and the results of the study. However, it is possible that the recorded liability may not be adequate to cover the future payment of claims. Adjustments to the recorded liability are reflected in operating expenses in the periods in which such adjustments become known.  
    
  Third-party claims     We record a liability for third-party claims, including those for highway crossing accidents, trespasser and other injuries, automobile liability, property damage, and lading damage. The actuarial firm assists us with the calculation of potential liability for third-party claims, except lading damage, based upon our experience including the number and timing of incidents, amount of payments, settlement rates, number of open claims, and legal defenses. The actuarial estimate includes a provision for claims that have been incurred but not reported. We adjust the liability quarterly based upon our assessment and the results of the study. Given the inherent uncertainty in regard to the ultimate outcome of third-party claims, it is possible that the actual loss may differ from the estimated liability recorded.    
    
  Environmental Matters 
    
  We are subject to various jurisdictions  environmental laws and regulations.  We record a liability where such liability or loss is probable and its amount can be reasonably estimated.  Claims, if any, against third parties, for recovery of cleanup costs we have incurred are reflected as receivables (when collection is probable) in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are not netted against the associated liability.  Environmental engineers regularly participate in ongoing evaluations of all known sites and in determining any necessary adjustments to liability estimates.  We have an Environmental Policy Council, composed of senior managers, to oversee and interpret our environmental policy. 
    
  Our Consolidated Balance Sheets include liabilities for environmental exposures of   $64 million   at   September 30, 2016  , and   $69 million   at   December 31, 2015   (of which   $15 million   are classified as current liabilities at both   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  ). At   September 30, 2016  , the liability represents our estimates of the probable cleanup, investigation, and remediation costs based on available information at   137   known locations and projects, compared with   145   known locations and projects at   December 31, 2015  .  At   September 30, 2016  ,   15   sites  
  
   16 

accounted for   $41 million   of the liability, and no individual site was considered to be material. We anticipate that much of this liability will be paid out over   five   years; however, some costs will be paid out over a longer period. 
    
  At   ten   locations, one or more of our subsidiaries in conjunction with a number of other parties have been identified as potentially responsible parties under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or comparable state statutes that impose joint and several liability for cleanup costs.  We calculate our estimated liability for these sites based on facts and legal defenses applicable to each site and not solely on the basis of the potential for joint liability. 
    
  With respect to known environmental sites (whether identified by us or by the Environmental Protection Agency or comparable state authorities), estimates of our ultimate potential financial exposure for a given site or in the aggregate for all such sites can change over time because of the widely varying costs of currently available cleanup techniques, unpredictable contaminant recovery and reduction rates associated with available cleanup technologies, the likely development of new cleanup technologies, the difficulty of determining in advance the nature and full extent of contamination and each potential participant s share of any estimated loss (and that participant s ability to bear it), and evolving statutory and regulatory standards governing liability. 
    
  The risk of incurring environmental liability   for acts and omissions, past, present, and future   is inherent in the railroad business.  Some of the commodities we transport, particularly those classified as hazardous materials, pose special risks that we work diligently to reduce.  In addition, several of our subsidiaries own, or have owned, land used as operating property, or which is leased and operated by others, or held for sale.  Because environmental problems that are latent or undisclosed may exist on these properties, there can be no assurance that we will not incur environmental liabilities or costs with respect to one or more of them, the amount and materiality of which cannot be estimated reliably at this time.  Moreover, lawsuits and claims involving these and potentially other unidentified environmental sites and matters are likely to arise from time to time.  The resulting liabilities could have a significant effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. 
    
  Based on our assessment of the facts and circumstances now known, we believe we have recorded the probable and reasonably estimable costs for dealing with those environmental matters of which we are aware.  Further, we believe that it is unlikely that any known matters, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. 
    
  Insurance 
    
  We obtain, on behalf of ourself and our subsidiaries, insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages.  We are currently self-insured up to   $50 million   and above   $1.1 billion   (  $1.5 billion   for specific perils) per occurrence and/or policy year for bodily injury and property damage to third parties and up to   $25 million   and above   $200 million   per occurrence and/or policy year for property owned by us or in our care, custody, or control. 

10.  New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-09,    Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.     We adopted the provisions of this ASU during the first quarter of 2016.  This update principally affects the recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies and the cash flow classification of share-based compensation-related transactions.  The requirement to recognize excess tax benefits and deficiencies as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement was applied prospectively, with a benefit of   $12 million   recognized in the  Provision for income taxes  line item for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  The classification requirements on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the adoption of ASU 2016-09 resulted in a   $29 million   increase in  Current liabilities other than debt  within the operating activities section and a corresponding decrease in  Common stock transactions  within the financing activities section for the   first nine months   of 2016.  We retrospectively presented the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the   first nine months    
  
   17 

of 2015 to reflect a   $29 million   increase in  Current liabilities other than debt  within the operating activities section and a corresponding decrease in  Common stock transactions  within the financing activities section. 
    
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,    Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.     This update requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet rather than as separate current and noncurrent amounts.  We adopted the provisions of this ASU during the first quarter of 2016 and applied it retrospectively.  The adoption of ASU 2015-17 resulted in the presentation of   $121 million   of current deferred income tax assets as a reduction of  Deferred income taxes      in the long-term liabilities section of the Consolidated Balance Sheet at   September 30, 2016  .  We retrospectively presented the December 31, 2015, Consolidated Balance Sheet to reflect the reclassification of   $121 million   of deferred income tax assets from  Deferred income taxes  in the current assets section of the balance sheet to  Deferred income taxes  in the long-term liabilities section of the balance sheet. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers.     This update will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in GAAP and require an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers.  In July 2015, the FASB approved a one-year deferral of the effective date of the new standard, making it effective for our annual and interim reporting periods beginning January 1, 2018.  Early application is permitted, but not before the original effective date for public business entities (annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016).  ASU 2014-09 permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method.  We are still evaluating the effects of ASU 2014-09, but we do not currently expect adoption of the standard will have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,    Leases  .   This update, effective for our annual and interim reporting periods beginning January 1, 2019, will replace existing lease guidance in GAAP and will require lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for all leases and disclose key information about leasing arrangements.  When implemented, lessees and lessors will be required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach.  We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

18 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
    
  Norfolk Southern Corporation and Subsidiaries 
    
  The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes. 

OVERVIEW 
    
  We are one of the nation s premier transportation companies.  Our Norfolk Southern Railway Company subsidiary operates approximately 20,000 miles of road in 22 states and the District of Columbia, serves every major container port in the eastern United States, and provides efficient connections to other rail carriers.  We operate the most extensive intermodal network in the East and are a major transporter of coal, automotive, and industrial products.  
    
  Our   third  -quarter results reflect the continuing progress towards achieving the goals set forth in our strategic plan.  Despite economic challenges, our third-quarter operating ratio (a measure of the amount of operating revenues consumed by operating expenses) improved 220 basis points over the same period last year, and our first nine-months operating ratio was record-setting.  Sustaining a disciplined cost-control focus has allowed for additional expense reductions while maintaining near all-time best service levels and strong network fluidity.  We remain committed to executing our strategic plan and believe we are well positioned to achieve productivity savings of about $250 million and an operating ratio below 70% this year.   

SUMMARIZED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Third-quarter   2016   net income was   $460 million  , up $8 million, or 2%, compared with the same period last year, driven by lower operating expenses and reduced income taxes, offset in part by a decline in operating revenues.  The operating expense decrease (down $187 million, or 10%) was primarily driven by cost control initiatives, lower fuel expense, the absence of restructuring costs incurred in 2015, and gains from the sale of surplus operating properties.  The decline in operating revenues (down $189 million, or 7%) resulted from volume declines, primarily driven by reductions in energy-related markets and the restructuring of our Triple Crown Services (TCS) subsidiary, as well as lower average revenue per unit, driven by reduced fuel surcharges offset in part by price increases.  The operating ratio improved to 67.5% for the   third quarter   of   2016  , compared with 69.7% for the   third quarter   of   2015  . 
    
  For the first nine months of 2016 net income was $1.3 billion, up $57 million, or 5%, compared with the same period last year. The increase was driven by lower operating expenses (down $666 million, or 12%), largely due to cost control initiatives, lower fuel expense, and service improvements, offset in part by lower railway operating revenues (down $595 million, or 7%) as a result of depressed coal volumes, restructuring of our TCS subsidiary, and lower average revenue per unit (driven primarily by reduced fuel surcharge revenues).  The operating ratio improved to an all-time best 68.7% for the first nine months of   2016  , compared with 72.0% for the same period of   2015  . 
  
   19 

DETAILED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Railway Operating Revenues 
    
  Third-quarter railway operating revenues were   $2.5 billion   in   2016  , down   $189 million  , or   7%  , compared with last year.  For the   first nine months  , railway operating revenues were $7.4 billion, down $595 million, or 7%, compared with the same period last year.  As shown in the following table, the decreases in revenue resulted from volume declines, primarily driven by reductions in energy-related markets and the restructuring of our TCS subsidiary, as well as lower average revenue per unit, as the effects of reduced fuel surcharges and change in traffic mix more than offset price increases.   

Our contracts include negotiated fuel surcharges, typically tied to either West Texas Intermediate Crude Oil (WTI) or On-Highway Diesel (OHD).  Over 85% of our revenue base is covered by these negotiated fuel surcharges, with more than half tied to OHD.  Revenues associated with these surcharges totaled   $67 million   and   $113 million   in the   third quarter  s of   2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $166 million   and   $395 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016   and   2015  , respectively.  In both the   third quarter   and   first nine months   of 2016, OHD accounted for about 90% of our fuel surcharge revenue, primarily the result of WTI price levels below most of our surcharge trigger points.  Should the current fuel price environment persist for the remainder of the year, we expect fuel surcharge revenue to continue to be lower than 2015, but to a lesser extent than in the first nine months. 
    
  Revenues, units, and average revenue per unit for our market groups were as follows: 

20 

Merchandise 
    
  Merchandise revenues decreased   $58 million  , or   4%  , in the   third quarter   and $79 million, or 2%, for the   first nine months   compared with the same periods last year, primarily driven by 4% and 2% declines in volumes, respectively.  Average revenue per unit increased by 1% in the   third quarter   and was up slightly in the   first nine months   driven by price increases, offset in part by reduced fuel surcharge revenues (which lowered average revenue per unit by $20 and $41, respectively). 
    
  Chemicals volume declined 13% in the   third quarter   and 10% for the   first nine months  , reflecting fewer shipments of crude oil originated from the Bakken oil fields, in addition to decreased chlor-alkali and rock salt traffic as the result of market consolidations and softened demand.  For the   first nine months  , these declines were partially offset by more shipments of coal ash and plastics.   
    
  One of our chemical customers, Sunbelt, filed a rate reasonableness complaint before the STB alleging that our tariff rates for transportation of regulated movements are unreasonable. Since April 1, 2011, we have been billing and collecting amounts based on the challenged tariff rates. In 2014, the STB resolved this rate reasonableness complaint in our favor.  In June 2016, the STB resolved petitions for reconsideration.  The matter remains decided in our favor; however, the findings are still subject to appeal.  We believe the estimate of any reasonably possible loss will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. With regard to rate cases, we record adjustments to revenues in the periods if and when such adjustments are probable and reasonably estimable. 
    
  Agriculture, consumer products, and government volume decreased   3%   in the   third quarter   and 2% for the   first nine months  , reflecting weaker demand for feed shipments and lower corn volumes resulting from customer sourcing changes, offset in part by higher food oil volumes as a result of service improvements.  The third quarter was further impacted by lower wheat shipments as a result of market share loss.  For the   first nine months  , these declines were offset in part by higher ethanol volumes as a result of market share gains and greater gasoline consumption. 
    
  Metals and construction volume increased   2%   in the   third quarter   and 1% in the   first nine months  , reflecting more aggregates and cement shipments as a result of higher demand in the construction sector, in addition to increased coil steel volume due to customer sourcing changes.  The third quarter was also impacted by higher iron and steel carloads due to improved market demand.  Both periods were offset in part by lower demand for scrap metal and materials used in natural gas and oil drilling as a result of depressed commodity prices. 
  
   21 

Automotive volume declined   3%   for the   third quarter   but increased 5% for the   first nine months  .  The drop in the third quarter was primarily driven by passenger car production declines, offset in part by growth in our automotive parts business.  The increase in the first nine months was driven by higher automotive parts shipments and growth in the production of North American light vehicles. 
    
  Paper, clay, and forest products volume declined   8%   in the   third quarter   and 5% for the   first nine months  .  Both periods reflect reduced pulpboard and paper volumes driven by lower demand and further contraction of the paper market. The   third quarter   also reflected lower woodchip volumes as a result of softened demand, offset in part by higher shipments of municipal waste.  
    
  Merchandise revenues for the remainder of the year are expected to remain relatively flat compared to last year reflecting higher average revenue per unit (driven primarily by price increases) offset by lower volumes. 
    
  Intermodal 
    
  Intermodal revenues decreased   $46 million  , or   7%  , in the   third quarter   and   $211 million  , or   11%  , for the   first nine months   compared with the same periods last year.  The decreases reflect the effects of the TCS subsidiary restructuring as well as reduced fuel surcharge revenues (which together lowered average revenue per unit by $54 for the   third quarter   and by $69 for the   first nine months  ), offset by price increases.  Volume was down 1% and 2% for the   third quarter   and   first nine months  , respectively, compared with the same periods last year, as volume losses from the restructuring of our TCS subsidiary were offset in part by growth in our domestic and international business. 
    
  Intermodal units by market were as follows:     

Total domestic volume decreased 2% in the   third quarter   and 6% for the   first nine months   of 2016, the result of the restructuring of our TCS subsidiary, offset in part by volume growth from continued highway conversions, growth in existing accounts, and market share gains.  International volume grew 1% in the   third quarter   and 6% for the   first nine months   of 2016 due to increased demand from existing customers and market share gains. 
    
  Intermodal revenues for the remainder of the year are expected to increase compared to last year driven by higher volumes and price increases, offset in part by the effects of restructuring our TCS subsidiary. 
    
  Coal 
    
  Coal revenues decreased   $85 million  , or   18%  , in the   third   quarter and   $305 million  , or   22%  , for the   first nine months   compared with the same periods last year, reflecting 15% and 20% drops in volumes, respectively.  Average revenue per unit fell 3% and 2%, respectively, largely impacted by the decline in fuel surcharges (which lowered average revenue per unit by $29 and $41, respectively). 

22 

Coal tonnage by market was as follows: 

Utility coal tonnage decreased   16%   in the   third quarter   and   23%   for the   first nine months  , driven by high stockpiles and limited coal burn due to mild winter weather and sustained lower natural gas prices.  Export coal tonnage declined   26%   in the   third quarter   and   23%   for the   first nine months  , a result of strong competition faced by U.S. coal suppliers as excess coal supply, depressed coal prices, and a strong U.S. dollar continued to further reduce demand for U.S. export coal.  Domestic metallurgical coal tonnage increased 1% in the   third quarter   but decreased 6% for the   first nine months  , as customer-specific gains during the quarter are being offset by softness in the metallurgical coal market.  Industrial coal tonnage fell 20% in the   third quarter   and 22% for the   first nine months   reflecting decreased coal burn and natural gas conversions.   
    
  Coal revenues for the remainder of the year are expected to be lower than last year primarily due to a continued decrease in volumes. 
    
  Railway Operating Expenses 
    
  Third-quarter railway operating expenses were   $1.7 billion   in   2016  , down   $187 million  , or   10%  , compared with the same period last year. For the   first nine months  , railway operating expenses were   $5.1 billion  , down   $666 million  , or   12%  .  In the third quarter of 2015, we incurred $37 million in expenses associated with the restructuring of our TCS subsidiary and closure of our Roanoke, VA office. 
    
  The following table shows the changes in railway operating expenses summarized by major classifications: 

23 

Purchased services and rents includes the costs of services provided by outside contractors, the net costs of operating joint (or leased) facilities with other railroads, and the net cost of equipment rentals. This category of expenses declined   $65 million  , or   14%  , in the third quarter and $163 million, or 12%, for the   first nine months   as follows: 

Purchased services decreased in the   third quarter   and   first nine months   reflecting lower TCS operational costs, reduced repair and maintenance expenses, and lower expenses associated with the Shared Asset Areas (including equity in earnings of Conrail, see Note 5).  The first nine months also reflects lower transportation activity costs and reduced haulage expenses. 
    
  Materials and other expenses declined   $54 million  , or   22%  , in the   third quarter   and $139 million, or 19%, for the   first nine months   as follows:   

Material usage costs decreased for the   third quarter   and   first nine months   primarily due to a decline in locomotive, roadway, and freight car repair costs associated with cost-control initiatives and improved asset utilization.  Casualties and other claims expenses include the estimates of costs related to personal injury, property damage, and environmental remediation matters.  Costs associated with personal injuries increased in the   third quarter   and   first nine months   as a result of less favorable experience with respect to our personal injury reserves.  Other expense this year reflects $28 million of gains from the sale of two operating properties.  In addition, lower travel and relocation costs contributed to the decrease in other expense in both periods.  In 2015, we incurred higher than normal expenses relocating employees in connection with the closure of the Roanoke, VA office.   
    
  Fuel expense, which includes the cost of locomotive fuel as well as other fuel used in railway operations, decreased   $40 million  , or   18%  , in the   third quarter   and   $236 million  , or 32%, for the   first nine months  , primarily the result of lower locomotive fuel prices (down 12% and 25%, respectively) and reduced locomotive fuel consumption (down 4% and 5%, respectively). 
    
  Depreciation expense decreased $17 million, or 6%, in the   third quarter   and was flat for the   first nine months  , primarily due to the effects of accelerated depreciation on TCS assets recognized last year as a result of the restructuring, offset by a larger capital base. 

24 

Compensation and benefits expense decreased $11 million, or 2%, in the   third quarter   and $128 million, or 6%, for the   first nine months  , reflecting changes in:  

employee levels, including decreased overtime and trainees (down $47 million for the quarter and $142 million for the   first nine months  ), 
                
    pension costs (down $9 million for the quarter and $28 million for the   first nine months  ), 
                
    payroll taxes (down $5 million for the quarter and $26 million for the   first nine months  ), 
                 
    health and welfare benefit costs for agreement employees (up $6 million for the quarter and $31 million for the   first nine months  ), which reflected higher rates, offset in part by favorability from reduced headcount, 
                
    pay rates (up $14 million for the quarter and $18 million for the first nine months), and 
                
    incentive compensation (up $39 million for the quarter and $42 million for the first nine months). 
       
  Average rail headcount for the quarter was down by about 2,400 compared with third-quarter 2015.  We expect headcount to remain relatively flat for the remainder of the year.   
    
  Other Income - Net  
    
  Other income - net decreased $10 million in the   third quarter   and $30 million for the   first nine months   of 2016.  Both periods reflect lower gains from the sales of non-operating property, offset in part by increased returns from corporate-owned life insurance.  The   first nine months   was also impacted by higher legal and advisory fees. 
    
  Provision for Income Taxes 
    
  The third-quarter and year-to-date effective income tax rates were   34.8%   and   35.5%  , compared with   37.6%   and   37.7%   for the same periods last year.  The lower effective tax rates this year reflect favorable tax benefits from higher returns from corporate-owned life insurance, excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation, and tax credits.  The first nine months effective tax rate also reflects a favorable reduction in deferred taxes for state tax law changes.  For the full year, we expect about a 36% effective income tax rate. 
     IRS examinations have been completed for all years prior to 2013. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY 
    
  Cash provided by operating activities, our principal source of liquidity, was   $2.3 billion   for the   first nine months   of   2016  , compared with   $2.2 billion   for the same period of   2015  , reflecting improved operating results offset in part by higher income tax payments. 
    
  We had working capital of   $85 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with working capital of   $281 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  Cash and cash equivalents totaled   $984 million   at   September 30, 2016  , and were invested in accordance with our corporate investment policy.  The portfolio contains securities that are subject to market risk.  There are no limits or restrictions on our access to the assets.  We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations.   
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, we issued $600 million of 2.9% senior notes due 2026.  Other than this item, there have been no material changes to the information on future obligations contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Cash used in investing activities was   $1.3 billion   for the   first nine months   of   2016  , compared with   $1.7 billion   in the same period last year, primarily reflecting lower cash outflows for property additions, offset in part by higher corporate-owned life insurance investments. 

25 

Cash used in financing activities was   $1.1 billion   in the   first nine months   of   2016  , compared with   $1.0 billion   in the same period last year, the increase being driven primarily by higher debt repayments offset in part by lower share repurchase activity.  We repurchased   7.2 million   shares of Common Stock, totaling   $603 million  , in the   first nine months   of   2016  , compared to   10.3 million   shares, totaling   $997 million  , in the same period last year.  The timing and volume of future share repurchases will be guided by our assessment of market conditions and other pertinent factors.  Any near-term purchases under the program are expected to be made with internally generated cash, cash on hand, or proceeds from borrowings.   
    
  Our total debt-to-total capitalization ratio was   44.9%   at   September 30, 2016  , and   45.3%   at   December 31, 2015  .   
    
  In May 2016, we renewed our five-year credit agreement, extending the facility until May 2021.  The credit facility provides for borrowings at prevailing rates and includes covenants.  We had no amounts outstanding under this facility at both   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, and are in compliance with all of its covenants.  In June 2016, we renewed and amended our $350 million accounts receivable securitization program with a two-year term to run until June 2018. There was $100 million and   $200 million   outstanding under this program at   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  Other than this, we have no other floating-rate debt instruments outstanding subject to market risk. 

APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions may require significant judgment about matters that are inherently uncertain, and future events are likely to occur that may require us to make changes to these estimates and assumptions. Accordingly, we regularly review these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in the business environment, and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.  We regularly discuss the development, selection, and disclosures concerning critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. There have been no significant changes to the application of critical accounting estimates disclosure contained in our Form 10-K at   December 31, 2015  . 

OTHER MATTERS 
    
  Labor Agreements 
    
  More than 80% of our railroad employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions.  Pursuant to the Railway Labor Act (Act), these agreements remain in effect until new agreements are reached, or until the bargaining procedures mandated by the Act are completed.  We largely bargain nationally in concert with other major railroads, represented by the National Carriers Conference Committee (NCCC).  Moratorium provisions in the labor agreements govern when the railroads and unions may propose changes to the agreements. 
    
  Beginning in late 2014, the NCCC and the various unions exchanged new proposals to begin the current round of national negotiations.  The unions have formed three separate bargaining coalitions and negotiations with each are ongoing.  In the case of the Transportation Communications Union-led coalition, the negotiations are being assisted by mediators from the National Mediation Board.  Separately, in January 2015 we reached an agreement covering wages and work rules through 2019 with the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen (BLET) which represents approximately 20% of our union workforce.  Changes to the BLET benefit plan will be bargained nationally through the NCCC. 
    
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  For a detailed discussion of new accounting pronouncements, see Note 10. 
  
   26 

Inflation 
    
  In preparing financial statements, GAAP requires the use of historical cost that disregards the effects of inflation on the replacement cost of property.  As a capital-intensive company, we have most of our capital invested in long-lived assets.  The replacement cost of these assets, as well as the related depreciation expense, would be substantially greater than the amounts reported on the basis of historical cost. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  Certain statements in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the  safe harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended.  These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or our achievements or those of our industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements.  In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as  may,   will,   could,   would,   should,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   intend,   believe,   estimate,   project,   consider,   predict,   potential,   feel,  or other comparable terminology.  We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates, beliefs, and projections.  While we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates, beliefs, and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond our control.  These and other important factors, including those discussed under  Risk Factors  in our latest Form 10-K, as well as our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.  The forward-looking statements herein are made only as of the date they were first issued, and unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws, we disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Copies of our press releases and additional information about us is available at www.norfolksouthern.com, or you can contact Norfolk Southern Corporation Investor Relations by calling 757-629-2861. 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
    
  The information required by this item is included in Part I, Item 2.,      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  under the heading  Financial Condition and Liquidity.  

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures. 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the assistance of management, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act)) at   September 30, 2016  .  Based on such evaluation, our officers have concluded that, at   September 30, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in alerting them on a timely basis to material information required to be included in our periodic filings under the Exchange Act. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  During the   third quarter   of   2016  , we have not identified any changes in internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

27 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings. 
    
  On November 6, 2007, various antitrust class actions filed against us and other Class I railroads in various Federal district courts regarding fuel surcharges were consolidated in the District of Columbia by the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation. On June 21, 2012, the court certified the case as a class action. The defendant railroads appealed this certification, and the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia vacated the District Court s decision and remanded the case for further consideration. We believe the allegations in the complaints are without merit and intend to vigorously defend the cases. We do not believe the outcome of these proceedings will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.  
    
  In 2012, we received a Notice of Violation (NOV) issued by the Tennessee Department of Environmental Conservation concerning soil runoff in connection with construction of the Memphis Regional Intermodal Facility in Rossville, Tennessee. Although we will contest liability and the imposition of any penalties - which could exceed $100,000 - this matter is described here consistent with SEC rules and requirements concerning governmental proceedings with respect to environmental laws and regulations. We do not believe that the outcome of this proceeding will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.           

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
    
  The following risk factor, which is included in our 2015 Form 10-K, was amended to read as follows. The remaining risk factors included in our 2015 Form 10-K remain unchanged and are incorporated herein by reference.           
  We face competition from other transportation providers.    We are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service.  While we have used primarily internal resources to build or acquire and maintain our rail system, trucks and barges have been able to use public rights-of-way maintained by public entities.  Any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation in the regions in which we operate (such as granting materially greater latitude for motor carriers with respect to size or weight limitations or adoption of autonomous commercial vehicles) could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. 
  
   28 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

(1)   
    Of this amount, 2,190 represent shares tendered by employees in connection with the exercise of options under the stockholder-approved Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
               (2)   
    Our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program, pursuant to which up to 50 million shares of Common Stock could be purchased through December 31, 2017.  

Item 6. Exhibits. 
    
  See Exhibit Index beginning on page 31 for a description of the exhibits filed as part of this report. 
  
   29 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION 
  Registrant 

Date: 
    October 26, 2016 
    /s/ Thomas E. Hurlbut 
  Thomas E. Hurlbut 
  Vice President and Controller 
  (Principal Accounting Officer) (Signature) 

Date: 
    October 26, 2016 
    /s/ Denise W. Hutson 
  Denise W. Hutson 
  Corporate Secretary (Signature) 

30 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

31 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 nsc093016exhibit101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit   10.1 
    
  NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION 
  LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
  AS APPROVED BY SHAREHOLDERS MAY 14, 2015,  
  AND AS AMENDED JULY 29, 2016 

The terms of this amended plan, as set forth below, were approved by the separate vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock present or represented and entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation at which a quorum was present for the proposal on May 14, 2015.  The Board of Directors of the Corporation subsequently amended the Plan on July 29, 2016 to revise the definition of  Retirement  with respect to a Participant who is not eligible to participate in a retirement plan of the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company, and to clarify that an Award may include conditions such as continued employment, passage of time, the provisions of a Retention Agreement, attainment of age and/or service requirements, and/or the achievement of Performance Goals. 
    
  Section 1.     PURPOSE 
    
  The purpose of the Long-Term Incentive Plan ( Plan ), as amended, is to promote the success of Norfolk Southern Corporation (the  Corporation ) and to provide an opportunity for non-employee directors, officers and other employees of the Corporation and its Subsidiary Companies (as hereinafter defined) to acquire or increase a proprietary interest in the Corporation and thereby to provide an additional incentive to devote their maximum efforts and skills to the advancement, betterment, and prosperity of the Corporation and its stockholders. The Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance share units, performance shares, restricted shares, and restricted stock units, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth below. The Corporation intends that the Plan comply with the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) and applicable treasury regulations thereunder and intends that compensation paid under the Plan qualify as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m). Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Corporation reserves the right to pay compensation under the Plan that does not qualify as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m), as circumstances may warrant.  The Plan, as amended, is intended, and shall be construed, to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A. 
    
  Section 2.     DEFINITIONS 
    
  The terms used herein shall have the following meanings unless otherwise specified or unless a different meaning is clearly required by the context: 
    
                 Award 
    Any one or more of the following: Incentive Stock Option; Non-qualified Stock Option; Stock Appreciation Right; Restricted Shares; Restricted Stock Units; Performance Share Units; and Performance Shares. 

1 

Award Agreement 
    
    A written agreement, made in a form approved by the Committee and consistent with the terms of the Plan, that specifies the terms, conditions and limitations of each Award. 
    
      Award Date 
    
    The later of the date on which the Committee or the chief executive officer (to the extent as may be delegated by the Committee) grants an Award or, if granted during a blackout period, the first day of the subsequent trading window during which officers of the Corporation and Subsidiary Companies are permitted to trade in Norfolk Southern Corporation Common Stock under the Corporation s insider trading policy.     
    
      Beneficiary 
    The person or persons designated in writing by the Participant as his Beneficiary in respect of Awards or, in the absence of such a designation or if the designated person or persons predecease the Participant, the person or persons who shall acquire the Participant s rights in respect of Awards by bequest or inheritance in accordance with the applicable laws of descent and distribution. In order to be effective, a Participant s designation of a Beneficiary must be on file with the Corporation before the Participant s death. Any such designation may be revoked and a new designation substituted for the revoked designation by the Participant at any time before his death without the consent of the previously designated Beneficiary. 
    
      Board of  
  Directors 
    
    The Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
      Cash-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights 
    
    Stock Appreciation Rights settled in cash. 
      Code 
    The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
    
      Committee 
    The Compensation Committee or any other committee of the Board of Directors which is authorized to grant Awards under this Plan. It is intended that each member of the Committee shall qualify as (a) a  non-employee director  under Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, (b) an  outside director  under Code Section 162(m), and (c) an  independent director  under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange.  If it is later determined that one or more members of the Committee do not qualify as a  non-employee director  under Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, actions taken by the Committee prior to such determination shall be valid despite such failure to qualify. 
    
      Common Stock 
    The Common Stock of the Corporation. 

2 

Disability 
    A disability that has enabled the Participant to receive a disability benefit under the Long-Term Disability Plan of the Corporation or a long-term disability plan of a Subsidiary Company (whichever is applicable), as amended from time to time, for a period of at least three months.   
    
  For a Participant who is a non-employee director,  Disability  means any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that is expected to result in death or to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months and which prevents a Participant from continuing to serve as a non-employee director.  
    
      Dividend Equivalent 
    An amount equal to the regular quarterly dividend paid in accordance with the Corporation s normal dividend payment practice as may be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, and granted pursuant to Section 13 of the Plan. 
    
      Executive Officers 
    Officers designated by the Board of Directors as  Executive Officers  for purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
    
      Exercise Gain Shares 
    With respect to a Stock Appreciation Right, all of the shares of Common Stock received upon exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right.  With respect to an Option, the portion of the shares of Common Stock received upon exercise of the Option equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value, as of the exercise date, over the Option price, multiplied by the number of shares purchased under the Option on the exercise date, divided by such Fair Market Value, and rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares. 
    
      Fair Market Value 
    The value of Common Stock on a particular date as measured by the mean of the high and low prices at which it is traded on such date as reported in the Composite Transactions for such date by Bloomberg L.P., or its successor, on its internet-based service, or, if Common Stock was not traded on such date, on the next preceding day on which Common Stock was traded. 
    
      Incentive Stock Option 
    An Option that complies with the terms and conditions set forth in Section 422(b) of the Code and is designated by the Committee as an Incentive Stock Option. 
    
      Non-Qualified Stock Option 
    
    An Option granted under the Plan other than an Incentive Stock Option. 
      Option 
    Any option to purchase Common Stock granted pursuant to the provisions of Section 6 or Section 7 of the Plan. 
    
      Optionee 
    A Participant who is the holder of an Option. 
    
      Participant 
    A  person eligible to participate in the Plan who is granted and accepts an Award under the Plan.  
    
      Performance Cycle 
    The period of time, designated by the Committee but not less than one year, over which Performance Shares may be earned. 

3 

Performance Criteria 
    One or more, or any combination, of the following business criteria, selected by the Committee, which may be applied on a corporate, department or division level, and which may be measured on an absolute or relative basis, or established as a measure of growth: earnings measures (including net income, earnings per share, income from continuing operations, income before income taxes, income from railway operations); return measures (including net income divided by total assets, return on shareholder equity, return on average invested capital); cash flow measures (including operating cash flow and free cash flow); productivity measures (including total operating expense per thousand gross ton miles or revenue ton miles, total operating revenue per employee, total operating expense per employee, gross ton miles or revenue ton miles per employee, carloads per employee, revenue ton miles per mile of road operated, total operating expense per carload, revenue ton miles per carload, gross ton miles or revenue ton miles per train hour, percent of loaded-to-total car miles, network performance); fair market value of shares of the Corporation s Common Stock; revenue measures; expense measures; operating ratio measures; customer satisfaction measures; working capital measures; cost control measures; total shareholder return measures; economic value added measures; and safety measures. 
    
      Performance Criteria Weighting Percentage 
    
    The percentage weighting accorded to each Performance Criterion (or each combination thereof) selected by the Committee. The total of the Performance Criteria Weighting Percentages for any type of Award shall equal one hundred percent (100%).  
    
      Performance Goal 
    The specific target set by the Committee for each selected Performance Criterion (or each combination thereof) the outcome of which must be substantially uncertain at the time it is established. A Performance Goal may be set solely with respect to the Corporation s performance, or as compared to the performance of a published or special index deemed applicable by the Committee, including but not limited to the Standard   Poor s 500 Stock Index or an index based on a group of comparative companies. If a Performance Goal is based on the Corporation s common stock, then in the event of a recapitalization, stock split, stock dividend, exchange, combination, or reclassification of shares, merger, consolidation, reorganization, or other change in or affecting the capital structure or capital stock of the Corporation (other than a normal cash dividend), the Committee shall make or provide for such adjustments in performance goals as the Committee in its sole discretion may in good faith determine to be equitably required in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights of participants.   

Performance Shares 
    Shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan, which may be made subject to the restrictions and other terms and conditions prescribed in Section 11 of the Plan. 
    
      Performance Share Units 
    Contingent rights to receive Performance Shares pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan. 
    
      Restricted Shares 
    Shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan and subject to the restrictions and other terms and conditions set forth therein. 

4 

Restricted Stock Unit 
    Contingent rights, granted pursuant to Section 10 of the Plan, to receive Restricted Stock Unit Shares or cash payment for the Fair Market Value of shares of Common Stock, subject to the restrictions and other conditions set forth herein. Each Restricted Stock Unit shall equal the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock. 
    
      Restricted Stock Unit Shares 
    Shares of Common Stock issued as payment for Restricted Stock Units pursuant to Section 10 of the Plan, which may be made subject to the restrictions and other terms and conditions prescribed in Section 10 of the Plan. 
    
      Restriction Period 
    A period of time of not less than thirty-six (36)months for officers or employees, or not less than twelve (12) months for non-employee directors, in either case to be determined within those limits by the Committee in its sole discretion, commencing on the Award Date, during which the restrictions imposed by paragraphs (b) and (c) of Section 9 or paragraphs (b) and (c) of Section 10 of the Plan shall apply.  At the time that the Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Units are granted, the Committee shall impose a Restriction Period and determine the length of the Restriction Period. Such Restriction Period, if any, shall be incorporated in the Award Agreement setting forth the grant. Under Sections 9 and 10 of this Plan, the Committee may, in its discretion, specify   when the   Award   is granted   that the Restriction Period shall expire upon the earlier achievement of Performance Goals. 
    
      Retention Agreement 
    
    An agreement entered into pursuant to Section 12 of the Plan. 
    
      Retirement 
    Retirement from the Corporation and all Subsidiary Companies pursuant to the provisions of the Retirement Plan of the Corporation or a retirement plan of a Subsidiary Company (whichever is applicable), as amended from time to time.   
    
  For a Participant who is employed by the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company but who is not eligible to participate in the Corporation s Retirement Plan or a retirement plan of a Subsidiary Company,  Retirement  means the Participant s termination of employment from the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company after the participant attains age 55 and has been employed with the Corporation and/or a Subsidiary Company for 10 years. 
    
  For a Participant who is a non-employee director,  Retirement  means termination of service as a director of the Corporation. 
    
      Stock Appreciation Right 
    The right, granted pursuant to the provisions of Section 8 of the Plan, to receive Exercise Gain Shares or a cash payment equal to the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of Common Stock on the exercise date over the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the Award Date, as specified in Section 8 of the Plan. 
    
      Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights 
    
    Stock Appreciation Rights paid out in Exercise Gain Shares. 

5 

Subsidiary Company 
    A corporation of which at least fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation. 

Section 3.     ADMINISTRATION 
    
  The Plan shall be administered by the Committee, which, subject to the limitations set forth herein, shall have the full and complete authority and sole discretion, except as may be delegated to the Corporation s chief executive officer as provided herein, to construe and interpret the Plan; to select the Participants who shall be granted Awards under the Plan; to determine the type, size, terms, and conditions of the Award or Awards to be granted to each such Participant; to authorize the grant of such Awards pursuant to the Plan; in connection with the merger or consolidation of the Corporation (and subject to any applicable requirements of Code Section 409A), to give a Participant an election to surrender an Award in exchange for the grant of a new Award; to adopt, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan; and to make all other determinations and take all other actions it may deem necessary or advisable for the implementation and administration of the Plan.  
    
  If the Committee makes an Award to non-employee directors in a calendar year, and after such Award is made and in the same year an individual is elected by the Board to be a non-employee director of the Corporation, then the newly appointed director shall automatically be granted an Award under the same terms as was granted to the other non-employee directors earlier that year.  The Award granted to the newly appointed director shall be prorated based on the number of days remaining in the calendar year of the individual s appointment as a director, and effective as of the date the individual became a director or, if the individual became a director during a blackout period, effective on the first day of the subsequent trading window during which officers of the Corporation and Subsidiary Companies are permitted to trade in Norfolk Southern Corporation Common Stock under the Corporation s insider trading policy.     
    
  The Committee in its sole discretion may delegate authority to the Corporation s chief executive officer to select as Participants the officers and employees who shall be granted Awards under the Plan (provided, however, that only the Committee shall grant Awards to the chief executive officer and Executive Officers); to determine the type, size, terms, and conditions of the Award or Awards to be granted to each such Participant; and to authorize the grant of such Awards pursuant to the Plan.  
    
  The Committee, or the chief executive officer to the extent as may be delegated by the Committee (hereinafter, the term  Committee  shall include reference to the chief executive officer to the extent of any such delegation), may authorize the grant of more than one type of Award, and Awards subject to differing terms and conditions, to any eligible Participant. The Committee s decision to authorize the grant of an Award to a Participant at any time shall not require the Committee to authorize the grant of an Award to that Participant at any other time or to any other Participant at any time; nor shall its determination with respect to the size, type, or terms and conditions of the Award to be granted to a Participant at any time require it to authorize the grant of an Award of the same type or size or with the same terms and conditions to that Participant at any other time or to any other Participant at any time. The Committee shall not be precluded from authorizing the grant of an Award to any eligible Participant solely  

6 

because the Participant previously may have been granted an Award of any kind under the Plan.  
    
  The grant, retention, vesting and/or settlement of any Award shall be subject to such terms and conditions as determined by the Committee and specified in the Award Agreement, which may include conditions based on continued employment, passage of time, the provisions of a Retention Agreement, attainment of age and/or service requirements, and/or the achievement of Performance Goals. 
    
  All determinations of the Committee shall be by a majority of its members and shall be final, conclusive and binding. Each member of the Committee, while serving as such, shall be considered to be acting in his capacity as a director of the Corporation, and no member of the Committee shall be liable for any action taken or decision made in good faith with respect to the implementation or administration of the Plan. 
    
  Section 4.     ELIGIBILITY 
    
  To be eligible to be a Participant in the Plan, an individual must on the date on which the Award is made be a full-time nonagreement officer or employee who is a participant in the Norfolk Southern Corporation Executive Management Incentive Plan or Management Incentive Plan, or a full-time nonagreement employee of the Corporation or of a Subsidiary Company who can make an appreciable contribution to the attainment of the Corporation s overall business objectives as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee, and must reside in the United States or Canada. A non-employee director shall be eligible to participate in the Plan if he or she is a director of the Corporation and is not a full-time salaried employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company. 
    
  Section 5.     SHARES AVAILABLE 
    
  Since the Plan s establishment in 1983, up to a maximum of 82,978,604 shares of Common Stock have been authorized for issuance under the Plan.  Subject to approval of the Plan, as hereby amended, by the separate vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock present or represented and entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, at which a quorum for the proposal is present, an additional 8,000,000 shares of Common Stock are approved for issuance pursuant to the Plan as of May 14, 2015.  Awards that are made in a form other than Options or Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights and that are granted under the Plan after May 13, 2010, shall be counted against the share limit set forth in the previous sentence as 1.61 shares for every one share issued in connection with such Award.  Such shares shall be provided from shares of Common Stock authorized but not issued. Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights shall be counted in full against the number of shares available for award under the Plan, regardless of the number of Exercise Gain Shares issued upon settlement of the Stock Appreciation Right.  
    
  If any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award are forfeited, cancelled, exchanged or surrendered or if an Award otherwise terminates or expires without a distribution of shares to the Participant (including by reason of such Award being settled in cash), the shares with respect to such Award shall, to the extent of any such forfeiture, cancellation, exchange, surrender, termination or expiration, again be available for Awards under the Plan; provided,  

7 

however, in the case of a stock-based Award that is not an Option or Stock Appreciation Right and that was made after May 13, 2010, 1.61 shares for each share underlying such Award shall again be available for Awards under the Plan.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following shares of Common Stock may not again be made available for award under the Plan: (i) shares of Common Stock not issued or delivered as a result of the net settlement of an outstanding Stock Appreciation Right or Option; (ii) shares of Common Stock used to pay the exercise price or withholding taxes related to an outstanding award, or (iii) shares of Common Stock repurchased on the open market with proceeds of an Option exercise.   
    
  Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, no Participant may be awarded a grant in any one year, which, when added to any other grant of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Shares, Restricted Stock Units and Performance Share Units in the same year, shall exceed 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock. A Stock Appreciation Right granted in connection with an option is treated as a single Award for purpose of the preceding sentence. If an Option is canceled, the canceled Option continues to count against the maximum number of shares for which Options may be granted to a Participant in any year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate grant date fair value of shares of Common Stock that may be granted during any year to any non-employee director shall not exceed $500,000. 
    
  Section 6.     INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS 
    
  (a)       General     The Committee may authorize the grant of Incentive Stock Options subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 6. The grant of an Incentive Stock Option shall be evidenced by a written Award Agreement between the Corporation and the Optionee, setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Incentive Stock Option evidenced thereby and the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable thereto. The issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to an Incentive Stock Option also shall be subject to the provisions of any Retention Agreement that may be required by the Committee under Section 12 of the Plan. 
  Except for adjustments pursuant to Section 15 of the Plan, the Option Price for any outstanding Option granted under the Plan may not be decreased after the date the Option is granted, nor may an outstanding Option be modified or replaced if the effect would be to reduce the Option Price, nor may an outstanding Option be cancelled in exchange for cash or another Award, unless such repricing, modification or replacement is approved by the vote of a majority of the shares of Common Stock present or represented and entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation at which a quorum is present. 
    
  (b)       Option Price   - The Committee shall determine the Option price for each share of Common Stock purchased under an Option, but, subject to the provisions of Section 15 of the Plan, in no event shall the Option price be less than the greater of (i) one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the Award Date, or (ii) the price at which the Corporation s Common Stock was last sold in the principal United States market for such Common Stock on the Award Date. 
     
  (c)       Duration of Options   - The Committee shall fix the term or duration of Options, provided that such term shall not exceed ten (10) years from the Award Date, and that such term shall be subject to earlier termination pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (g) of this Section 6. 

8 

(d)       Non-Transferability of Options   - Options may be exercised during the lifetime of the Optionee only by him, and following his death only by his Beneficiary.  If a Beneficiary dies after the Optionee, but before the Option is exercised and before such rights expire, such rights shall become assets of such Beneficiary s estate.  Except as provided in this paragraph, Options may not be assigned or alienated, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. 
    
  (e)       Exercise of Options   - The Committee shall determine the time or times at which Options may be exercised; provided that such time or times shall not occur before the latest of: 
  (i)  the first anniversary of the Award Date; and 
  (ii) the effectiveness of any registration statement required to be filed under the Securities Act of 1933 for the registration of the Common Stock to be issued upon exercise of the Option. 
    
  (f)       Payment of Option Price   - The purchase price of Common Stock upon exercise of an Option shall be paid in full to the Corporation at the time of the exercise of the Option in cash or, at the discretion of the Committee and subject to any limitations or requirements that the Committee may adopt, by the surrender to the Corporation of shares of previously acquired Common Stock, which have been held by the Optionee for at least six (6)  months and which shall be valued at Fair Market Value on the date that the Option is exercised, or, at the discretion of the Committee, by a combination of cash and such Common Stock. 
    
  (g)       Termination of Options   - No Option shall be exercisable after it expires. Each Option shall expire upon the earliest of: 
  (i) the expiration of the term for which the Option was granted; 
  (ii)    (A) Except as otherwise provided by the Committee in the Award Agreement, in the case of an Optionee whose employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company is terminated due to Retirement, Disability or death, the expiration of the term for which the Option was granted, or 
  (B) in the case of an Optionee whose employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company is terminated for any reason other than Retirement, Disability, or death, at the close of business on the last day of active service by the Optionee with the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company, or 
  (C) in the case of an Optionee who is granted a leave of absence, if the Optionee s employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company terminates at any time during or at the end of the leave of absence, at the close of business on the last day of employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company, or 
  (iii) in connection with a merger or consolidation of the Corporation, with the Optionee s consent, the grant of a new Award to replace the Option. 
    
  (h)       Limitation on Exercisability     - The aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the Award Date) of the Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options (granted on or after January 1, 1987) are exercisable for the first time by the Optionee during any calendar year shall not exceed $100,000, as adjusted under Code Section 422(d)(1) and corresponding Treasury Regulations. 

9 

Section 7.     NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS 
       
  The Committee may authorize the grant of Non-Qualified Stock Options subject to the terms and conditions specified in this Section 7. The grant of a Non-Qualified Stock Option shall be evidenced by a written Award Agreement between the Corporation and the Optionee, setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Non-Qualified Stock Option evidenced thereby and the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable thereto. Non-Qualified Stock Options granted pursuant to the provisions of this Section 7 shall be subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions set forth in paragraphs (a) through (g) of Section 6 of the Plan. The limitations set forth in paragraph (h) of Section 6 of the Plan shall not apply to Non-Qualified Stock Options. The issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to a Non-Qualified Stock Option also shall be subject to the provisions of any Retention Agreement that may be required by the Committee under Section 12 of the Plan. 
    
  Section 8.     STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 
    
  (a)       General   - The Committee may grant a Stock Appreciation Right to a Participant in connection with an Option, or portion thereof, or on a stand alone basis, as determined by the Committee, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 8. If granted in connection with an Option, the Stock Appreciation Right may be granted at the time of grant of the related Option and shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as the related Option, except as this Section 8 may otherwise provide. If granted in connection with an Option, the Stock Appreciation Right shall be evidenced by provisions in the Award Agreement evidencing or identifying the related Option, specifying the number of shares of Common Stock subject thereto and setting forth the terms and conditions applicable to the Stock Appreciation Right. If granted on a stand alone basis, the Stock Appreciation Right shall be evidenced by provisions of a written Award Agreement between the Corporation and the Participant. The Committee may grant Cash-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights or Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights as shall be set forth in an Award Agreement. 
    
  Except for adjustments pursuant to Section 15 of the Plan, the terms of an outstanding Stock Appreciation Right may not be amended to reduce the exercise price of the Stock Appreciation Right, nor may an outstanding Stock Appreciation Right be modified or replaced if the effect would be to reduce the exercise price, nor may an outstanding Stock Appreciation Right be cancelled in exchange for cash or another Award, unless such repricing, modification or replacement is approved by the vote of a majority of the shares of Common Stock present or represented and entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation at which a quorum is present.  
    
  (b)       Exercise Price and Duration   - The Committee shall determine the exercise price for any Stock Appreciation Right granted on a stand alone basis but, subject to the provisions of Section 15 of the Plan, in no event shall the exercise price be less than the greater of (i) one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the Award Date, or (ii) the price at which the Corporation s Common Stock was last sold in the principal United States market for such Common Stock on the Award Date.  The Committee shall fix the term or duration of Stock Appreciation Rights, provided that such term shall not exceed ten (10) years from the Award Date, and that such term shall be subject to earlier termination pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (e) of this Section 8.  

10 

(c)      Exercise     If granted in connection with an Option, a Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable only at such time or times, to such extent, and by such persons, as the Option to which it relates shall be exercisable. If granted on a stand alone basis, a Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable only at such time or times, to such extent, and by such persons, as shall be set forth in the Award Agreement.  
  Stock Appreciation Rights shall be subject to the following restrictions: 
  (i) the Stock Appreciation Right may not be exercised before the expiration of one (1) year from the Award Date; provided, however, that this subparagraph (i) shall not apply if the death or Disability of the Optionee occurs within one (1) year after the Award Date; and, 
  (ii) a Stock Appreciation Right granted in connection with an Incentive Stock Option may not be exercised on any date on which the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock is less than or equal to the Option price per share under the related Incentive Stock Option. 
  A Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercised by providing the Corporation with a written notice in such form and containing such information (including the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is being exercised) as the Committee may specify. If the Stock Appreciation Right was granted in connection with an Option, the Participant must surrender the related Option, or the portion thereof pertaining to the shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised, and the date on which the Corporation receives such notice shall be the date on which the related Option, or portion thereof, shall be deemed surrendered and the Stock Appreciation Right shall be deemed exercised. 
    
  (d)       Payment   - Upon the proper exercise of a Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Right granted on a stand alone basis, a Participant shall be entitled to receive Exercise Gain Shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value on the exercise date equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the exercise date exceeds the exercise price for the Stock Appreciation Right established on the Award Date, multiplied by the number of Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights surrendered in connection with the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right. 
  Upon the proper exercise of a Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Right granted in connection with an Option, an Optionee shall be entitled to receive Exercise Gain Shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value on the exercise date equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the exercise date exceeds the Option price per share of the related Option, multiplied by the number of shares covered by the related Option, or portion thereof, surrendered in connection with the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right. The Exercise Gain Shares shall be subject to the provisions of any Retention Agreement that may be required by the Committee under Section 12 of the Plan. 
  Upon the proper exercise of a Cash-Settled Stock Appreciation Right granted on a stand alone basis, a Participant shall be entitled to receive cash equal to the value of the number of shares of Common Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value on the exercise date equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the exercise date exceeds the exercise price for the Stock Appreciation Right established on the Award Date, multiplied by the number of Cash-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights surrendered for settlement. 

11 

Upon the proper exercise of a Cash-Settled Stock Appreciation Right granted in connection with an Option, an Optionee shall be entitled to receive cash equal to the value of the number of shares of Common Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value on the exercise date equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the exercise date exceeds the Option price per share of the related Option, multiplied by the number of shares covered by the related Option, or portion thereof, surrendered in connection with the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right. 
    
  (e)       Termination of Right   - A Stock Appreciation Right granted in connection with an Option shall expire, unless previously exercised or canceled, upon the expiration of an Option to which it relates, or upon such time as may be set forth in an Award Agreement. A Stock Appreciation Right granted on a stand alone basis shall be subject to the termination provisions set forth in paragraph (g) of Section 6 for Options and shall expire, unless previously exercised or cancelled, at such time as may be set forth in an Award Agreement. 
    
  (f)       Effect of Exercise   - A Stock Appreciation Right shall be canceled when, and to the extent that, it or a related Option is exercised, and an Option shall be canceled when, and to the extent that, the Option is surrendered to the Corporation upon the exercise of a related Stock Appreciation Right. 
    
  Section 9.     RESTRICTED SHARES 
    
  (a)       General   - The Committee, in its sole discretion, may from time to time authorize the grant of Restricted Shares to a Participant pursuant to an Award Agreement. A certificate or certificates representing the number of Restricted Shares granted shall be registered in the name of the Participant or held in uncertificated form through a direct registration system or the number of Restricted Shares shall be delivered by electronic delivery to a brokerage account established for the Participant s benefit at a financial/brokerage firm selected by the Corporation. Until the expiration of the Restriction Period or the lapse of restrictions in the manner provided in paragraph (g) of this Section 9, any certificate or certificates shall be held by the Corporation for the account of the Participant, and any Restricted Shares held through direct registration or in a brokerage account shall be blocked from sale or transfer.  Restricted Shares shall be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may establish in the Award Agreement (including, without limitation, any limitation on the right to vote Restricted Shares or the right to receive any dividend or other right), which restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such time or times, in such installments or otherwise, as the Committee may deem appropriate; provided that dividends on Restricted Shares subject to a specified Performance Goal or Goals shall be payable only to the extent the Performance Goal(s) are achieved with respect to such Restricted Shares. 
    
  (b)       Performance Goal Requirement     The Committee may determine, in its sole discretion, that a Participant s entitlement to Restricted Shares shall be subject to achievement of a specified Performance Goal or Goals during the Restriction Period. If so, the Committee shall select the Performance Criterion or each combination thereof, the Performance Goal for each Performance Criterion or each combination thereof, and the Performance Criteria Weighting Percentage for each Performance Criterion or each combination thereof within ninety (90) days of the commencement of the Restriction Period. The Committee may also determine that the Restriction Period shall expire upon achievement of established Performance Goals prior to the established end of the Restriction Period. In determining whether Performance  

12 

Goals have been achieved, special charges, restructuring charges and unusual or infrequent accounting adjustments which are significant, and restatements or reclassifications, all as determined in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, which would have the effect of reducing the percentage of Performance Goals achieved shall be excluded, and which would have the effect of increasing the percentage of Performance Goals achieved shall be included, unless the Committee, in its discretion, determines otherwise  .    At such time as the Committee certifies that the Performance Goals have been achieved, the Committee shall authorize delivery of Restricted Shares (or such percentage of the Restricted Shares as equal the Percentage of Performance Goals that have been achieved) for which the Restriction Period has expired. If the Restricted Shares are subject to the achievement of Performance Goals, such Restricted Shares shall be forfeited to the extent Performance Goals are not achieved before the established end of the Restriction Period. 
           
  (c)       Restrictions     Until the expiration of the Restriction Period or the lapse of restrictions in the manner provided in paragraph (g) of this Section 9, Restricted Shares shall be subject to the following restrictions and any additional restrictions that the Committee, in its sole discretion, may from time to time deem desirable in furtherance of the objectives of the Plan: 
  (i) the Participant shall not be entitled to receive the certificate or certificates representing the Restricted Shares, or exercise any ownership over any Restricted Shares held through direct registration or in a brokerage account; 
  (ii) the Restricted Shares may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, conveyed, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of; and 
  (iii) the Restricted Shares may be forfeited as provided in paragraphs (b) or (e) of this Section 9, subject to the provisions of paragraph (f) and (g) of this Section 9. 
    
  (d)       Distribution of Restricted Shares     If a Participant to whom Restricted Shares have been granted remains in the continuous employment of the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company during the entire Restriction Period, or, in the case of a Participant who is a non-employee director, who remains a non-employee director during the entire Restriction Period, upon the expiration of the Restriction Period all restrictions applicable to the Restricted Shares shall lapse.  When the restrictions applicable to the Restricted Shares lapse, either:  
  (i) the certificate or certificates representing the shares of Common Stock that were earned pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 9 shall be delivered to the Participant or,  
  (ii) if the shares were delivered by electronic delivery to a brokerage account established for the Participant s benefit or by direct registration and held in uncertificated form, the restrictions on the sale or transfer of any shares that were earned pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 9 shall lapse. 
    
  (e)       Termination of Employment   - If the employment of a Participant is terminated for any reason other than the Retirement, Disability, or death of the Participant in service before the expiration of the Restriction Period, the Restricted Shares shall be forfeited immediately and all rights of the Participant with respect to such shares shall terminate immediately without further obligation on the part of the Corporation or any Subsidiary Company. If the Participant is granted a leave of absence before the expiration of the Restriction Period, the Participant shall not forfeit any rights with respect to any Restricted Shares subject to the Restriction Period, unless the Participant s employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company terminates  

13 

at any time during or at the end of the leave of absence for any reason other than Retirement, Disability, or death, at which time the shares shall be forfeited immediately and all rights of the Participant with respect to such shares shall terminate immediately without further obligation on the part of the Corporation or any Subsidiary Company.   
    
  (f)      Retirement, Disability or Death   - Except with respect to continued employment requirements or as otherwise specified in the Award Agreement, if the Participant s employment is terminated by reason of the Retirement or Disability of the Participant before the expiration of the Restriction Period and no Performance Goals have been imposed, the restrictions on the Restricted Shares shall lapse upon the expiration of the Restriction Period and delivery of the Restricted Shares shall be made to the Participant, as described in paragraph (d) of this Section 9; provided, however, that if the Participant dies after Retirement or Disability and before the expiration of the Restriction Period, the restrictions on the Restricted Shares shall lapse and delivery shall be made to the Participant s Beneficiary.  If the Participant s employment is terminated by reason of the Participant s death in service before the expiration of the Restriction Period, the restrictions on the Restricted Shares shall lapse and delivery of the Restricted Shares shall be made to the Participant s Beneficiary.  Except with respect to continued employment requirements or as otherwise specified in the Award Agreement, if the Participant s employment is terminated by reason of the Retirement, Disability, or death of the Participant before the expiration of the Restriction Period and Performance Goals have been imposed, the restrictions on the Restricted Shares shall lapse upon the expiration of the Restriction Period and to the extent that the Committee certifies that Performance Goals have been achieved and delivery of the Restricted Shares shall be made to the Participant, or the Participant s Beneficiary in the event of the Participant s death, in accordance with paragraphs (b) and (d) of this Section 9. 
    
  (g)       Waiver of Restrictions   - The Committee, in its sole discretion, may waive any or all restrictions with respect to Restricted Shares.  
    
  Section 10.     RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
    
  (a)       General   - The Committee, in its sole discretion, may from time to time authorize the grant of Restricted Stock Units ( Units ) to a Participant pursuant to an Award Agreement. Such Units shall be recorded in individual memorandum accounts maintained by the Committee or its agent.  The grant of Restricted Stock Units shall entitle the Participant to payment in Restricted Stock Unit Shares or cash, as provided for in the Award Agreement. The Participant shall have no beneficial ownership interest in the Common Stock represented by the Units prior to expiration of the Restriction Period and achievement of any Performance Goals. The Participant shall have no right to vote the Common Stock represented by the Units or to receive dividends (except for any Dividend Equivalents which may be awarded by the Committee in connection with such Units) on the Common Stock represented by the Units. The grant of Units shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement between the Corporation or Subsidiary Company and the Participant, identifying the number of Units awarded, and setting forth the terms and conditions applicable to the Units. 
    
  (b)       Performance Goal Requirement     The Committee may determine, in its sole discretion, that a Participant s entitlement to payment in cash or Restricted Stock Unit Shares for Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to achievement of a specified Performance Goal or Goals over the duration of the Restriction Period. If so, the Award shall specify when it is  

14 

granted that the Participant s entitlement to payment is subject to the achievement of the Performance Goal or Goals, and the Committee shall select the Performance Criterion or each combination thereof, the Performance Goals for each Performance Criterion or each combination thereof, and the Performance Criteria Weighting Percentage for each Performance Criterion or each combination thereof within ninety (90) days after the commencement of the Restriction Period.  
  The Committee may specify, when the Award is granted, that the Restriction Period shall expire upon achievement of the established Performance Goals prior to the established end of the Restriction Period.  In determining whether Performance Goals have been achieved, special charges, restructuring charges and unusual or infrequent accounting adjustments which are significant, and restatements or reclassifications, all as determined in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, which would have the effect of reducing the percentage of Performance Goals achieved shall be excluded, and which would have the effect of increasing the percentage of Performance Goals achieved shall be included, unless the Committee, in its discretion, determines otherwise  .    For Restricted Stock Units subject to the achievement of Performance Goals, the Committee shall certify in writing the extent to which the Performance Goals have been achieved, and shall authorize settlement of Units in cash or Restricted Stock Unit Shares.  The Units shall be settled within two and one half months after the end of the year in which the Performance Goals are achieved.  Such settlement shall be based on the Fair Market Value on the date all applicable restrictions lapse (or such percentage of the value of the Restricted Stock Units as equal the percentage of Performance Goals that have been achieved) for which the Restriction Period has expired.  If the settlement of Restricted Stock Units is subject to the achievement of Performance Goals, such Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited to the extent Performance Goals are not achieved before the established end of the Restriction Period.  
    
  (c)       Restrictions   - Until the expiration of the Restriction Period and the lapse of any Retention Agreement provided in Section 12, Units shall be subject to the following restrictions and any additional restrictions that the Committee, in its sole discretion, may from time to time deem desirable in furtherance of the objectives of the Plan: 
  (i) the grant of Units to a Participant shall not entitle a Participant to receive cash payment or Restricted Stock Unit Shares; 
  (ii) the Units may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, conveyed, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of; and, 
  (iii) all or a portion of the Units may be forfeited immediately as provided in paragraph (b) or (e) of this Section 10, subject to the provisions of paragraphs (f) and (g) of this Section 10. 
       
  (d)       Distribution of Restricted Stock Units     - If a Participant to whom Units have been granted remains in the continuous employment of the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company during the entire Restriction Period or, in the case of a Participant who is a non-employee director, who remains a non-employee director during the entire Restriction Period, upon the expiration of the Restriction Period and the further expiration of any Retention Agreement applicable to such Units, all restrictions applicable to the Units shall lapse, and the Units shall be settled in cash or in Restricted Stock Unit Shares, based on Fair Market Value on the later of the date all applicable restrictions lapse or any Retention Agreement lapses.  Settlement in cash in a single sum or issuance of Restricted Stock Unit Shares shall be made within thirty (30) days  

15 

following the later of the expiration of the Restriction Period or any Retention Agreement applicable to such Units.  The Participant may not, directly or indirectly, designate the taxable year of the settlement.  
    
  (e)       Termination of Employment   - If the employment of a Participant is terminated for any reason other than the Retirement, Disability, or death of the Participant in service before the expiration of the Restriction Period, the Units shall be forfeited immediately and all rights of the Participant with respect to such Units shall terminate immediately without further obligation on the part of the Corporation or any Subsidiary Company. If the Participant is granted a leave of absence before the expiration of the Restriction Period, the Participant shall not forfeit all rights with respect to any Units subject to the Restriction Period, unless the Participant s employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company terminates at any time during or at the end of the leave of absence for any reason other than Retirement, Disability, or death, at which time all rights of the Participant with respect to such Units shall terminate immediately without further obligation on the part of the Corporation or any Subsidiary Company.  
    
  (f)      Retirement, Disability or Death     Except with respect to continued employment requirements or as otherwise specified in the Award Agreement, if the Participant s employment is terminated by reason of the Retirement or Disability of the Participant before the expiration of the Restriction Period and no Performance Goals have been imposed, the restrictions on the Restricted Stock Units shall lapse upon the expiration of the Restriction Period and settlement of Restricted Stock Units shall be made at the end of the Restriction Period to the Participant as described in paragraph (d) of this Section 10; provided, however, if the Participant dies after Retirement or Disability and before the expiration of the Restriction Period, the restrictions on the Restricted Stock Units shall lapse and delivery shall be made to the Participant s Beneficiary.  If the Participant s employment is terminated by reason of the Participant s death in service before the expiration of the Restriction Period, the restrictions on the Restricted Stock Units shall lapse and delivery of the Restricted Stock Units shall be made to the Participant s Beneficiary.  Settlement of the Restricted Stock Units shall be made within thirty (30) days following the expiration of the Restriction Period. The Participant or Beneficiary may not, directly or indirectly, designate the taxable year of the settlement. 
    
  Except with respect to continued employment requirements or as otherwise specified in the Award Agreement, if the Participant s employment is terminated by reason of the Retirement, Disability, or death of the Participant before the expiration of the Restriction Period and Performance Goals have been imposed, the restrictions on the Restricted Stock Units shall lapse if the Committee certifies that Performance Goals have been achieved, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units shall be made to the Participant, or the Participant s Beneficiary in the event of the Participant s death, in accordance with paragraphs (b) and (d) of this Section 10. 
    
  (g)       Waiver of Restrictions   - The Committee, in its sole discretion, may waive any or all restrictions with respect to Units.  If no Performance Goals have been imposed, settlement of the Units shall be made on the same settlement date that would have applied absent the waiver of restrictions.  If Performance Goals have been imposed, settlement of the Units shall be made within two and one half months after the end of the year in which all restrictions are either waived or satisfied.      

16 

Section 11.     PERFORMANCE SHARES 
    
  (a)       General   - The Committee, in its sole discretion, may from time to time authorize the grant of Performance Share Units to a Participant pursuant to an Award Agreement. Performance Share Units shall entitle the Participant to Performance Shares (or cash in lieu thereof) upon the achievement of Performance Goals. The Committee shall select the Performance Criteria, set the Performance Goals and assign Performance Criteria Weighting Percentages to each Performance Criterion or each combination thereof within ninety (90) days of the commencement of the Performance Cycle. Performance Share Units may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, conveyed, or hypothecated. 
    
  After the end of the Performance Cycle, the Committee shall certify in writing to what extent the Performance Goals have been achieved.  In determining whether Performance Goals have been achieved, special charges, restructuring charges and unusual or infrequent accounting adjustments which are significant, and restatements or reclassifications, all as determined in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, which would have the effect of reducing the percentage of Performance Goals achieved shall be excluded, and which would have the effect of increasing the percentage of Performance Goals achieved shall be included, unless the Committee, in its discretion, determines otherwise.  The Committee shall thereafter authorize the payment of such percentage of the value of the Performance Share Units as equal the percentage of Performance Goals that have been achieved to the Participant, or the Participant s Beneficiary in the event of the Participant s death after the end of the Performance Cycle, of (i) cash in lieu of Performance Shares, or (ii) either (1) the issuance of Performance Shares registered in the name of the Participant or (2) the electronic delivery of Performance Shares to a brokerage account established for the Participant s benefit at a financial/brokerage firm selected by the Corporation, subject to the provisions of any Retention Agreement that may be required by the Committee under Section 12 of the Plan, or (iii) both. Settlement in cash or issuance of Performance Shares shall be made within two and one half months after the end of the year in which the Performance Goals are achieved.   
    
  (b)       Distribution or Forfeiture of Performance Shares   - If the Participant s employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company is terminated before the end of a Performance Cycle for any reason other than Retirement, Disability, or death, the Participant shall forfeit all rights with respect to any Performance Shares that were being earned during the Performance Cycle. If the Participant is granted a leave of absence before the end of a Performance Cycle, the Participant shall not forfeit all rights with respect to any Performance Shares that were being earned during the Performance Cycle, unless the Participant s employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company terminates at any time during or at the end of the leave of absence, at which time the Participant shall forfeit all rights with respect to any Performance Shares that were being earned during the Performance Cycle.  Except with respect to continued employment requirements or as otherwise specified in the Award Agreement, ifthe Participant s employment is terminated before the end of a Performance Cycle by reason of Retirement, Disability, or death, the Participant s rights with respect to any Performance Shares being earned during the Performance Cycle shall, subject to the other provisions of this Section 11, continue as if the Participant s employment had continued through the end of the Performance Cycle. 

17 

Section 12.     RETENTION AGREEMENTS 
    
  (a)       General   - The Committee, in its sole discretion, may require as a condition of a grant, exercise, settlement or payment with respect to any Award under the Plan that the Participant and the Corporation enter into a Retention Agreement, which shall provide, (1) with respect to an Award of Restricted Stock Units, that the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units in Restricted Stock Unit Shares or cash shall not occur until the event specified in the Retention Agreement that is part of the Award, or (2) with respect to any portion of any Exercise Gain Shares, Restricted Shares, Restricted Stock Unit Shares, or Performance Shares, that (i) the certificate or certificates representing any such Awards, when issued, shall be held by the Secretary of the Corporation for the benefit of the Participant until such time as the retention period specified by the Retention Agreement has expired or has been waived by the Committee, whichever occurs first, or (ii) that any such Award, when delivered by electronic delivery to a brokerage account established for the Participant s benefit at a financial/brokerage firm selected by the Corporation or by direct registration and held in uncertificated form, shall not be permitted to be transferred or sold until such time as the retention period specified by the Retention Agreement has expired or has been waived by the Committee, whichever occurs first.   
    
  Any dividends payable on shares subject to a Retention Agreement shall be paid to the Participant in cash on the date declared by the Board of Directors.  Each Retention Agreement may include some or all of the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in paragraphs (b) through (e) of this Section 12. 
    
  (b)       Retention Period   - Shares that are subject to the Retention Agreement may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, conveyed, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of within such period of time of not less than twenty-four (24) months following the exercise date (in the case of Exercise Gain Shares) or the date of issuance (in the case of Restricted Shares, Restricted Stock Unit Shares, or Performance Shares), as shall be prescribed by the Committee.   
    
  (c)       Termination of Employment   - If a Participant s employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company is terminated for any reason other than Retirement, Disability, or death, shares subject to the Retention Agreement shall continue to be held, following the Participant s termination of employment, until the expiration of the retention period specified by the Retention Agreement. If the Participant s employment is terminated by reason of Retirement or Disability, shares then held subject to the Retention Agreement shall continue to be held until the expiration of the applicable retention period following termination of employment, but any such retention period shall cease upon the earlier of the Participant s attainment of age 65 or the expiration of two (2) years after the Participant s Retirement or Disability, if either of those events occurs before the expiration of the applicable retention period. If the Participant dies while shares are subject to a retention period under the Retention Agreement, such retention period shall expire immediately at the time of death. 
    
  (d)       Leave of Absence   - If a Participant is granted a leave of absence, shares subject to the Retention Agreement shall continue to be held during the leave of absence, until the expiration of the retention period specified by the Retention Agreement. 
    
  (e)       Change in Control   - Upon a Change in Control, the retention periods specified by all Retention Agreements shall immediately expire; provided, however, that any such waiver  

18 

shall not accelerate the settlement of any Restricted Stock Units in a manner that would violate the requirements of Code Section 409A. 
  A Change in Control shall occur if: 
  (i) any person, other than the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company or any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company, shall become the beneficial owner of, or obtain voting control over, 20% or more of the Corporation s outstanding Common Stock; 
  (ii) (A) any consolidation or merger of the Corporation occurs in which the Corporation is not the continuing or surviving corporation or pursuant to which shares of Common Stock would be converted into cash, securities, or other property, other than a merger of the Corporation in which holders of Common Stock immediately prior to the merger have the same proportionate ownership of common stock of the surviving corporation immediately after the merger as immediately before, or (B) any sale, lease, exchange, or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation occurs; or 
  (iii) there shall have been a change in the composition of the Board of Directors such that within any period of two (2) consecutive years or less individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted such Board, together with any new directors whose election, or nomination for election by the Corporation s stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then in office who were directors at the beginning of such period, shall for any reason no longer constitute a majority of the directors of the Corporation. 
           
  (g)       Waiver of Requirements   - The Committee, in its sole discretion, may waive any or all retention periods or other restrictions in the Share Retention Agreement, provided that the waiver of restrictions does not accelerate the payment of any Restricted Stock Units in a manner that would violate the requirements of Code Section 409A. 
    
  (f)       Distribution of Shares and Restricted Stock Units   - The Corporation shall cause the shares subject to a Retention Agreement to be distributed to the Participant, or the Participant s Beneficiary in the event of the Participant s death, upon expiration of the retention period or other termination or waiver of the restrictions under this Section 12.  The Corporation shall cause the Restricted Stock Units subject to a Retention Agreement to be distributed to the Participant upon the expiration of the retention period or to the Participant s Beneficiary in the event of the Participant s death. 
    
  Section 13.     DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT PAYMENTS 
    
  The Committee may authorize the immediate payment, in cash or in Common Stock, of Dividend Equivalents on some or all of the shares of Common Stock covered by Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, as specified in the Award Agreement required under Section 6(a), Section 7 or Section 8(a) of the Plan.  Dividend Equivalents payable on options may be paid in cash or Common Stock, at the discretion of the Committee. 
    
  The Committee may authorize the immediate or deferred payment of Dividend Equivalents on some or all of the shares of Common Stock covered by Restricted Stock Units that are not subject to Performance Goals, as specified in the Award Agreement required under Section 10 of the Plan.  Dividend Equivalents payable on Restricted Stock Units may be paid in  

19 

cash or converted to additional Restricted Stock Units, at the discretion of the Committee and as specified in the Award Agreement. 
    
  The Committee may authorize the deferred payment of Dividend Equivalents on some or all of the shares of Common Stock covered by Restricted Stock Units that are subject to Performance Goals, or by Performance Share Units, as specified in the Award Agreement described in Sections 10 or 11 of the Plan. Deferred Dividend Equivalents shall be paid only to the extent Performance Goals are achieved with respect to such Performance Share Units or Restricted Stock Units, and shall be distributed at the same time as the underlying Performance Shares, Restricted Stock Unit Shares, or cash equivalents thereto.  Deferred Dividend Equivalents payable on Performance Share Units or on Restricted Stock Units that are subject to a Performance Goal may be paid in cash, or converted to additional Performance Shares or Restricted Stock Unit Shares (as applicable), at the discretion of the Committee and as specified in the Award Agreement.  
    
  Notwithstanding the above, Dividend Equivalents shall not be made or accumulated during a Participant s leave of absence.  If Dividend Equivalents provided under this section are to be paid immediately, the Dividend Equivalents shall be paid in cash on the date declared by the Board of Directors for the payment of dividends on Common Stock.  If Dividend Equivalents provided under this section are to be deferred, the deferred Dividend Equivalents shall be paid or forfeited when the underlying Award is paid or forfeited.  
    
  Section 14.     NON-COMPETE COVENANT 
    
  The Committee, in its sole discretion, may require as a condition of a grant of any Award under the Plan that the Participant execute a non-compete, non-solicitation and confidentiality agreement, which agreement shall require that such individual (i) not Engage in Competing Employment (as defined in this Section 14 of the Plan) nor solicit any employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company to Engage in Competing Employment for a specified term following termination of employment (including Retirement), (ii) not solicit customers of the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company for a specified term following termination of employment (including Retirement), and (iii) maintain the Corporation s and each Subsidiary Company s confidential information in strict confidence, in accordance with the provisions of the agreement. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may further require as a condition of a grant, exercise, settlement or payment with respect to any Award under the Plan that the Award shall be subject to immediate forfeiture, and all rights of the Participant to such Award shall terminate immediately without further obligation on the part of the Corporation or any Subsidiary Company, if the Participant Engages in Competing Employment for a specified period of time following termination of employment. The terms of such a non-compete covenant shall be as set forth in the agreement or grant providing the terms of an Award and are incorporated herein by reference.  A non-compete covenant shall not apply to the settlement or payment of any Option (although it may apply to the grant or exercise of an Option).  Settlement or payment of any other Award that is subject to a non-compete covenant shall occur upon the expiration of the Restriction Period, Performance Cycle, Retention Agreement, or other date upon which the Award would be settled and paid if the Participant had not terminated employment.   
    
  For purposes of the provision,  Engages in Competing Employment  shall mean to work for or provide services for any Competitor, on the Participant s own behalf or in the service of or on behalf of others, including, but not limited to, as a consultant, independent contractor, owner,  

20 

officer, partner, joint venturer, or employee, at any time during the specified period commencing on the date of his or her termination of employment (including Retirement).  Competitor  shall mean any entity in the same line of business as the Corporation in North American markets in which the Corporation competes, including, but not limited to, any North American Class I rail carrier, any other rail carrier competing with the Corporation (including without limitation a holding or other company that controls or operates or is otherwise affiliated with any rail carrier competing with the Corporation), and any other provider of transportation services competing with Corporation, including motor and water carriers. 
    
  Section 15.     CAPITAL ADJUSTMENTS 
    
  In the event of a recapitalization, stock split, stock dividend, exchange, combination, or reclassification of shares, merger, consolidation, reorganization, or other change in or affecting the capital structure or capital stock of the Corporation, the Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the Committee, may make appropriate adjustments in the number of shares of Common Stock authorized for the Plan and in the annual limitation imposed by Section 5 of this Plan; and the Committee may make appropriate adjustments in the number of shares subject to outstanding Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Shares, Restricted Stock Units, or Performance Share Unit grants, and in the Option price of any then outstanding Options, as it deems equitable, in its absolute discretion, to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights of Participants.  
    
  Section 16.     REGULATORY APPROVALS 
    
  The exercise of each Option and Stock Appreciation Right, and the grant or distribution of Restricted Shares, Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares, shall be subject to the condition that if at any time the Corporation shall determine in its discretion that the satisfaction of withholding tax or other tax liabilities, or the listing, registration, or qualification of any shares of Common Stock upon any securities exchange or under any Federal or state law, or the consent or approval of any regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, such exercise, grant, or distribution, then in any such event such exercise, grant, or distribution shall not be effective unless such liabilities have been satisfied or such listing, registration, qualification, consent, or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Corporation.   
    
  Section 17.     TERM OF THE PLAN 
    
  Awards may be granted from time to time under the terms and conditions of the Plan, but no Incentive Stock Option may be granted after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date of adoption of the Plan, as amended on May 14, 2015, by the Board of Directors; provided, that any future amendment to the Plan that is approved by the stockholders of the Corporation in the manner provided under Section 18 of this Plan shall be regarded as creating a new Plan, and an Incentive Stock Option may be granted under such new Plan until the expiration of ten (10) years from the earlier of the approval by the Board of Directors, or the approval by the stockholders of the Corporation, of such new Plan. Incentive Stock Options theretofore granted may extend beyond the expiration of that ten-year period, and the terms and conditions of the Plan shall continue to apply thereto and to shares of Common Stock acquired upon the subsequent exercise of an Incentive Stock Option or related Stock Appreciation Right. 

21 

Section 18.     AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF THE PLAN 
    
  The Corporation may at any time and from time to time alter or amend, in whole or in part, any or all of the provisions of the Plan, or may at any time suspend or terminate the Plan, through resolution of its Board of Directors, provided that no change in any Awards theretofore granted to any Participant may be made which would impair or diminish the rights of the Participant without the Participant s consent, and provided further, that no alteration or amendment may be made without the approval of the holders of a majority of the Common Stock then outstanding and entitled to vote if (a) such stockholder approval is necessary to comply with the requirements of any rules promulgated under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or such other Federal or state laws or regulations as may be applicable, (b) the amendment materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (c) materially increases the number of securities that may be issued under the Plan, or (d) materially modifies the requirements for participation in the Plan.  
    
  Section 19.     FORFEITURE AND RECOUPMENT EVENTS 
    
  The Committee may specify in an Award Agreement that the Participant s rights, payments, and benefits with respect to an Award shall be subject to reduction, forfeiture, or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance conditions of an Award.   
    
  Any Award to a Participant under this Plan is subject to reduction, forfeiture, or recoupment to the extent provided under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or as may be provided under any other applicable law. 
    
  Section 20.    MISCELLANEOUS 
    
  (a)       Fractional Shares   - The Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver any fractional share of Common Stock upon the exercise of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, the award of Performance Shares, the payment of a dividend equivalent in Common Stock pursuant to Section 13 of the Plan or the withholding of shares of Common Stock for payment of taxes required to be withheld, but may pay, in lieu thereof, an amount in cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional share. 
    
  (b)       Withholding   - The Corporation and its Subsidiary Companies shall have the right, to the extent permitted by law, to deduct from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant any Federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to Awards under the Plan, and to the extent any such withholding requirements are not satisfied, each Participant shall pay to the Corporation any Federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to Awards under the Plan. The Corporation shall have the right to withhold shares of Common Stock, including fractional shares, from payment as necessary to satisfy any withholding obligations, but may only withhold the minimum number of shares necessary to do so. If fractional shares are withheld, any remaining fractional shares shall be paid in cash to the Participant as provided under paragraph (a) of this Section 20.  The Participant or Beneficiary shall remain responsible at all times for paying any Federal, state or  

22 

local taxes of any kind with respect to Awards under the Plan.  In no event shall the Corporation or the Committee be liable for any interest or penalty that a Participant or Beneficiary incurs by failing to make timely payments of tax. 
    
  (c)       Acceleration of Payments to Avoid Conflicts of Interest   - To the extent permitted by Code Section 409A and not prohibited by Section 6(a) of the Plan, the Committee may, in its sole discretion and with the consent of a Participant or Beneficiary, accelerate the time or schedule of a payment under the Plan, or make a substitute cash payment upon cancellation of a Participant s Award, in either case to the extent reasonably necessary for a Participant or Beneficiary to avoid the violation of an applicable Federal, state, local or foreign ethics law or conflicts of interest law (including where such payment is reasonably necessary to permit the Participant or Beneficiary to participate in activities in the normal course of his or her position in which the Participant or Beneficiary would otherwise not be able to participate under an applicable rule).  The Corporation s chief executive officer may exercise the authority granted to the Committee in this paragraph with respect to any Participant or Beneficiary who is neither a current or former director of the Corporation nor a current Executive Officer of the Corporation. 
    
  (d)      Stockholder Rights   - No person shall have any rights of a stockholder by virtue of an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, or Performance Share Unit except with respect to shares of Common Stock actually issued to him, and the issuance of shares of Common Stock shall confer no retroactive right to dividends.  A Participant s right to receive Dividend Equivalents shall not, by itself, confer upon the Participant the rights or privileges of a stockholder. 
    
  (e)       No Contract of Employment   - This Plan shall not be deemed to be an employment contract between the Corporation or any Subsidiary Company and any Participant or other employee. Nothing contained herein, or in any agreement, certificate or other document evidencing, providing for, or setting forth the terms and conditions applicable to any Awards shall be deemed to confer upon any Participant or other employee a right to continue in the employment of the Corporation or any Subsidiary Company, or to interfere with the right of the Corporation or any Subsidiary Company to terminate the employment of such Participant or employee at any time. 
    
  (f)       Unfunded Plan   - Except as may otherwise be provided in the Plan, the Plan shall be unfunded. Neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary Company shall be required to segregate any assets that may be represented by Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Share Units, or Restricted Stock Units, and neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary Company shall be deemed to be a trustee of any amounts to be paid under an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Performance Share Unit, or Restricted Stock Unit. Any liability of the Corporation to pay any Participant or Beneficiary with respect to an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Performance Share Unit, or Restricted Stock Unit shall be based solely upon any contractual obligations created pursuant to the provisions of the Plan; no such obligation shall be deemed to be secured by any pledge or encumbrance on any property of the Corporation or a Subsidiary Company. 
    
  (g)       Applicable Law   - The Plan, its validity, interpretation, and administration, and the rights and obligations of all persons having an interest therein, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, except to the extent that such laws may be preempted by Federal law. 

23 

(h)       Gender and Number   - Wherever used in the Plan, words in the masculine form shall be deemed to refer to females as well as to males, and words in the singular or plural shall be deemed to refer also to the plural or singular, respectively, as the context may require. 
    
  (i)      Code Section 409A   - The Plan is intended, and shall be construed, to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A.  The Corporation does not warrant that the Plan will comply with Code Section 409A with respect to any Participant or with respect to any payment, however.  In no event shall the Corporation or the Committee be liable for any additional tax, interest, or penalty incurred by a Participant or Beneficiary as a result of the Plan s failure to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A, or as a result of the Plan s failure to satisfy any other applicable requirements for the deferral of tax.  

24 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 nsc93016exhibit102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 

September 9, 2016 
    
  Each of the 2010 - 2016 LTIP Award Agreements and their associated Non-Compete Agreements are clarified and amended as follows:  
    
  Nothing in this Agreement (1) prohibits or impedes Employee from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity (including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Congress, and any agency Inspector General), from making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation, or from receiving a monetary award from the SEC related to participation in an SEC investigation or proceeding, or (2) requires Employee to obtain prior authorization of Norfolk Southern Corporation to make any such reports or disclosures or to notify Norfolk Southern Corporation of such reports or disclosures. 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 nsc93016exhibit103.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3 
    
  Non-Compete Agreement 
  Associated With 
  Award Agreement Under The 
  Norfolk Southern Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
  THIS AGREEMENT (the  Agreement ) is executed by and between Employee and Norfolk Southern Corporation ( NS  or  Company ).  The term  Employee  means the employee who has received this document in conjunction with an award agreement under the Norfolk Southern Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP  or  Plan ).  The term NS or Company includes NS  affiliated companies including, but not limited to, Norfolk Southern Railway Company and its rail subsidiaries. 
    
  WHEREAS, Employee is a participant in the LTIP and is eligible to receive an award under such Plan, subject to certain terms and conditions of that Plan; and 
    
  WHEREAS, execution of this Agreement is a condition precedent to Employee s receipt of an award under the LTIP; and 
    
  WHEREAS, Employee is willing to enter into this Agreement and deliver same to NS to satisfy that condition in order to receive an award under the LTIP. 
    
  NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto do hereby covenant and agree as follows: 
    
  1.    NS agrees that, upon Employee executing this Agreement, Employee will be provided an award under the LTIP this year on the terms and conditions set forth in an Award Agreement and will continue to receive confidential NS business and operational information as required by the duties of his or her position.   
    
  2.    Employee agrees that the LTIP award is consideration for entering into this Agreement and that in consideration of the award Employee will abide by the covenants and obligations contained in this Agreement.   
    
  3.  From the last date of his or her employment with the Company and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, and irrespective of the reason for such separation, whether voluntary or involuntary, Employee will not, on his or her own behalf or in the service of or on behalf of others, including, but not limited to, as a consultant, independent contractor, owner, partner, joint venturer or employee: 
    
           (a) 
    work for or provide services to any  competitor  of the Company  in a capacity involving substantially the same or similar work he or she performed for the Company  in the two (2) years preceding the last date of his or her employment with the Company.   
       
           (b) 
    solicit, recruit, entice or persuade any employee of the Company to leave the        employment of the Company in order to work for or provide services for any   competitor  of the Company,  in a capacity involving substantially the same or similar work the employee performed for the Company  in the previous two (2) years. 
       
           (c) 
    solicit, contact, attempt to divert, or appropriate any  customer or account  of the Company for the purpose of  providing the same or similar services as provided by the Company . 
       
  The term  competitor  is defined as any North American Class I rail carrier (including, without limitation, a holding or other company that controls or operates, or is controlled by or under common control with, any North American Class I rail carrier). The phrase  in a capacity involving substantially the same or similar work he or she performed for the Company , in sub-paragraph (a) above, means being involved in the same work or closely related work to that which Employee performed for the Company and, if  

Employee occupied a position at the vice president level or above for the Company, includes, without limitation, any work at the vice president level or above for a competitor. The phrase  in a capacity involving substantially the same or similar work the employee performed for the Company , in sub-paragraph (b) above, means being involved in the same work or closely related work to that which the employee performed for the Company and, if the employee occupied a position at the vice president level or above for the Company, includes, without limitation, any work at the vice president level or above for a competitor. The phrase  providing the same or similar services as provided by the Company , in sub-paragraph (c) above, means being in the same or closely related line of business as the Company for or on behalf of a competitor of the Company.  A  customer or account  is defined as any individual or entity with whom Employee worked on behalf of the Company within two (2) years of his or her last date of employment with the Company; provided, however, that any individual or entity that ceased its business relationship with Company during this two (2) year period, and did not thereafter resume such relationship, for reasons not related to the Employee, will not be considered a  customer  or  account.      
    
  Nothing contained in this paragraph 3 will operate or be construed to restrict a lawyer in the practice of law in contravention of Rule 5.6 of the Virginia Rules of Professional Conduct or a similar professional conduct rule applicable to a lawyer who is an active member of any other state bar.  
    
  4.    Employee covenants and agrees that any confidential or proprietary information acquired by him or her during his or her employment with the Company (including information of or concerning a customer of the Company) is the exclusive property of the Company, and Employee acknowledges that he or she has no ownership interest or right of any kind to said property.  Except as otherwise required by law, Employee agrees that during his or her employment with the Company and after the termination of that employment, and irrespective of the reason for such separation, whether voluntary or involuntary,  he or she will not, either directly or indirectly, use, access, disclose, or divulge to any unauthorized party, for his or her own benefit or to the detriment of the Company, any confidential or proprietary information of the Company which he or she may have acquired or been provided during his or her employment with the Company, whether or not developed or compiled by the Employee, and whether or not Employee was authorized to have access to such information.  Nothing herein shall affect Employee s obligations as set forth in the Patent Agreement between Employee and the Company. 
    
  For the purposes of the above, the term  confidential or proprietary information  includes, without limitation, the identity of or other facts relating to the Company, its customers and accounts, its marketing strategies, financial data, trade secrets, other intellectual property or any other information acquired by the Employee as a result of his or her employment with the Company such that if such information were disclosed, such disclosure could act to the prejudice of the Company.  The term  confidential or proprietary information  does not include information that has become generally available to the public by the act of one who has the right to disclose such information without violating any right of the Company. The term  unauthorized party  means any firm, entity (including governmental entities), or person (whether outsiders or employees of the Company), who is not specifically authorized by the Company to receive such confidential or proprietary information. 
    
  Employee agrees that if he or she believes that he or she is required by law or otherwise to reveal any confidential or proprietary information of the Company, he or she or his or her attorney, except as otherwise prohibited by law, will promptly contact NS s Law Department prior to disclosing such information in order that the Company can take appropriate steps to safeguard the disclosure of such confidential and proprietary information. 
    
  Nothing in this paragraph or Agreement should be construed, either expressly or by implication, as limiting the maximum protections which may be available to the Company under appropriate state and federal common law or statute concerning the obligations and duties of the Employee to protect the Company s property and/or confidential and proprietary information, including, but not limited to, under the federal Uniform Trade Secrets Act or the Virginia Uniform Trade Secrets Acts. Employee also acknowledges his or her duty to refrain from any action which would harm or have the potential to harm  

the Company, or the Company s customers, including, but not limited to, breaching the fiduciary duties Employee owes the Company, both during the Employee s employment and after the termination of that employment. 
    
  Nothing in this Agreement (a) prohibits or impedes Employee from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity (including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Congress, and any agency Inspector General), from making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation, or from receiving a monetary award from the SEC related to participation in an SEC investigation or proceeding, or (b) requires Employee to obtain prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures or to notify the Company of such reports or disclosures. 
    
  5.    Employee acknowledges and agrees that the breach of this Agreement, or any portion thereof, may result in irreparable harm to the Company, the monetary value of which could be difficult to establish.  Employee therefore agrees and consents that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief or such other equitable relief as is necessary to prevent a breach by Employee of any of the covenants or provisions contained in this Agreement. Nothing contained in this paragraph shall be construed as prohibiting the Company from pursuing any legal remedies available to the Company for such breach of this Agreement, including the recovery of damages from the Employee.   
    
  6.     The parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to Virginia s choice of law rules.  Employee consents to the personal jurisdiction of the federal and/or state courts serving the Commonwealth of Virginia and waives any defenses of forum non conveniens.  The parties agree that any and all initial judicial actions instituted under this Agreement or relating to its enforceability shall only be brought in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Norfolk Division or the appropriate state court in the City of Norfolk, Virginia regardless of the place of residence or work location of the Employee at the time of such action. 
    
  7.     Each provision and sub-provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision or sub-provision of this Agreement shall be adjudged to be invalid under applicable law, the remainder of the Agreement is severable and shall continue in full force and effect.  Should a court of competent jurisdiction declare any of the provisions of paragraphs 3 or 4, or other paragraphs, invalid or unenforceable, the parties acknowledge and agree that the court may revise or reconstruct such invalid or unenforceable provisions to better effectuate the parties  intent to reasonably restrict the activity of the Employee to the greatest extent afforded by law and needed to protect the business interests of the Company.  
    
  8.    Employee understands and agrees that nothing in this Agreement creates a contract of employment for any specific duration. The obligations contained in this Agreement shall survive the termination of the Employee s employment with the Company, however caused, and irrespective of the existence of any claim or cause of action by the Employee against the Company. 
    
  9.    This Agreement is effective as of the date of the Employee s electronic acceptance of both this Agreement and the corresponding Award Agreement(s) under LTIP.  The terms of this Agreement (and all associated remedial provisions of this Agreement) shall continue until cancelled by a subsequent written agreement between the parties.   

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.A>
 5
 nsc93016exhibit31a.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.A

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31-A 

CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, James A. Squires, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Norfolk Southern Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:   October 26, 2016    
                   
    /s/ James A. Squires 
        
    James A. Squires 
        
    Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 6
 nsc93016exhibit31b.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.B

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31-B 

CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Marta R. Stewart, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Norfolk Southern Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:   October 26, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Marta R. Stewart 
        
    Marta R. Stewart 
        
    Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32>
 7
 nsc93016exhibit32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATIONS OF CEO AND CFO REQUIRED BY RULE 13a-14(b) OR RULE 
  15d-14(b) AND SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE U.S. CODE 

I certify, to the best of my knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended  
  September 30, 2016  , of Norfolk Southern Corporation fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or  
  15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Norfolk Southern Corporation. 

Signed: 
    /s/ James A. Squires 
        
    James A. Squires 
        
    Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
        
    Norfolk Southern Corporation 

Dated:   October 26, 2016    

I certify, to the best of my knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended  
  September 30, 2016  , of Norfolk Southern Corporation fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or  
  15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Norfolk Southern Corporation. 

Signed: 
    /s/ Marta R. Stewart 
        
    Marta R. Stewart 
        
    Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
        
    Norfolk Southern Corporation 

Dated:   October 26, 2016    

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 nsc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 nsc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 nsc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 nsc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 nsc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 nsc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

