<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161013_10-K_edgar_data_836937_0001076542-16-000420_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2107574</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>90484</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>115554</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>592937</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>773673</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>467650</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>56</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001076542-16-000420.hdr.sgml : 20161013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161013151444
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001076542-16-000420
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UPD HOLDING CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000836937
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				133465289
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10320
		FILM NUMBER:		161934903

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 PRINGLE WAY, 8TH FLOOR, SUITE 804
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-829-7999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 PRINGLE WAY, 8TH FLOOR, SUITE 804
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Esio Water & Beverage Development Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tempco, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080411

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NETtime Solutions, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070510

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001076542-16-000420.txt : 20161013

10-K
 1
 p1021-10k.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016

Table
    of Contents     Index
    to Financial Statements    

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K   

For the fiscal year ended  June 30, 2016  

For the transition period from ___________ to ____________ 

Commission file number:   001-13621  

UPD
HOLDING CORP.   

  (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada   
       
       13-3465289    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
    or organization)   
       
       (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)    

75 Pringle Way, 8th Floor, Suite 804  

  Reno, Nevada 89502  

  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)   

775-829-7999  

  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act:    None . 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
    of Each Class   
       
       Name
    of Each Exchange on Which Registered    
 
       Common Stock, $.005 par value   
       
       OTC OB    

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   Yes        No      

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.   Yes        No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
(1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes        No      

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes        No    

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of      large accelerated filer,       accelerated filer  and      smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer        Accelerated
filer        Non-accelerated filer        
Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes        No      

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 31, 2015 (the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately $1,576,496 based on the last trading price of the registrant s
common stock of $0.023 as reported on the OTC Bulletin Board on such date. 

As of October 13, 2016, the registrant had 79,766,636 shares of its
$.005 par value common stock issued and outstanding. 

Documents incorporated by reference:  None. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

UPD HOLDING CORP.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page  

Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking
    Statements   

4 

PART I   

Item 1   
       
       Business   

5 

Item 1A   
       
       Risk Factors   

8 

Item 1B  
       
       Unresolved Staff Comments   

8 

Item 2  
       
      Properties  

8 

Item 3  
       
       Legal Proceedings   

9 

Item 4  
       
       Mine Safety Disclosures   

9 

PART II   

Item 5   
       
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
    Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

10 

Item 6   
       
       Selected Financial Data   

11 

Item 7   
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
    Condition and Results of Operations   

11 

Item 7A   
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
    Market Risk   

12 

Item 8   
       
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

13 

Item 9   
       
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
    on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   

26 

Item 9A   
       
       Controls and Procedures   

26 

Item 9B   
       
       Other Information   

27 

PART III   

Item 10   
       
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
    Governance   

28 

Item 11   
       
       Executive Compensation   

30 

Item 12   
       
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
    and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   

31 

Item 13   
      
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
    and Director Independence   

32 

Item 14   
       
       Principal Accountant Fees and Services   

32 

PART IV   

Item 15   
       
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   

34 

SIGNATURES  

35 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

The statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are
not historical fact are forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995), within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.  The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on current expectations that involve
a number of risks and uncertainties.  These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as
 believes,   expects,   may,   will,   should,  or  anticipates, 
or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks
and uncertainties.  Investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements that are not historical facts are only
predictions.  No assurances can be given that the future results indicated, whether expressed or implied, will be achieved.
Because of the number and range of assumptions underlying the Company s projections and forward-looking statements, many
of which are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies that are beyond the reasonable control of the Company, some
of the assumptions inevitably will not materialize, and unanticipated events and circumstances may occur subsequent to the date
of this report.  These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and the Company assumes no obligation
to update this information.  Therefore, the actual experience of the Company and the results achieved during the period covered
by any particular projections or forward-looking statements may differ substantially from those projected.  The inclusion
of projections and other forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person
that these estimates and projections will be realized, and actual results may vary materially.  There can be no assurance
that any of these expectations will be realized or that any of the forward-looking statements contained herein will prove to be
accurate. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

PART I  

ITEM 1.   
       BUSINESS    

Overview  

Acquisition of iMetabolic Corp.  

On December 31 ,  2014, we entered into an Agreement of Share
Exchange and Plan of Reorganization (the  Share Exchange Agreement ) and consummated a share exchange (the  Share
Exchange ) with iMetabolic Corp. ( IMET ), a Nevada corporation.  The Effective Date of the transaction
was March 16, 2015 (the  Effective Date ) and resulted in the acquisition of IMET (the  Acquisition ).
 Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, we acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of IMET from the
16 IMET shareholders for an aggregate of 60,000,000 shares, or 76.2% of the Company s common stock. 

As a result of the Share Exchange Agreement, the IMET shareholders
transferred all their interest in IMET to the Company and, as a result, IMET became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

As a further condition of the Share Exchange Agreement, the then current
officers of the Company resigned on March 16, 2015 and Mark W. Conte was appointed President, CEO and a director of the Company,
Kevin J. Pikero as CFO, Treasurer, Secretary, and a director and Andrew D. Smith as a director. 

The IMET acquisition is discussed more fully in the Form 8-K we filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on March 20, 2015. Included as an exhibit to that Form 8-K is
a copy of the Share Exchange Agreement. 

Name Change  

On December 30, 2015, the Company filed Articles of Merger (the  Merger )
with the Nevada Secretary of State. The Merger was between the Company and our wholly-owned subsidiary, UPD Holding Corp. (the
 Subsidiary ). Pursuant to Nevada corporate law, we amended our Articles of Incorporation by the Merger to change
our name to UPD Holding Corp. We believe our new name more properly indicates our current lines of business because the Company
has not been in the water and beverage industry since 2012.  UPD  stands for United Product Development which is the
name of one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. We will be applying to FINRA to have our common stock traded under the new name
and for a new trading symbol as soon as possible. 

IMET Products  

IMET was  formed on July 1, 2013 for the purpose of marketing
products under the brand  iMetabolic  that were previously being sold by the brand s licensor, International
Metabolic Institute LLC ( IMI ), as well as to develop new products that would be specifically suited for a national
marketing plan.  IMI transferred certain product and trademark rights to IMET on July 22, 2013 (the  License ).
 The License was amended on March 16, 2015 to clarify IMET s and IMI s future rights. See   IMET License
Agreement   below. The mission of IMET is to build upon preexisting brand equity and the expert copy and other literature
authored by Dr. Kent Sasse as applied to the national launch of products with extraordinary profitability and novel market appeal. 

A pre-existing line of five (5) soft-bound books authored by the founder
of the iMetabolic brand, Dr. Kent Sasse, is available for sale under the brand  A Sasse Guide  on both the www.imetabolic.com
and www.sasseguide.com websites. These books are titled: (i) Life-Changing Weight Loss; (ii) Doctor s Orders   101
Medically Proven Tips for Losing Weight; (iii) Outpatient Weight Loss Surgery   Safe and Successful Weight Loss with Modern
Bariatric Surgery; (iv) Weight-Loss Surgery   Which One is Right for You?; and (v) After Weight Loss Surgery.  Pursuant
to the terms of the License Amendment these books will continue to be the property of and sold by IMI.  

A pre-existing line of products, including, but not limited to, proprietary
blend meal replacements, dietary specialty foods, and nutraceuticals, have been sold by IMI at IMI s company store / doctor s
office pursuant to a reservation of rights in the License and online at www.imetabolic.com.  An amendment to the License
provides that after IMI has sold its entire inventory existing or ordered on March 16, 2015, IMI will not sell any more products
which may be deemed to compete with IMET s products. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

IMET has developed the following
four new products to be marketed: 

A new product concept to be marketed under
    the name iMetabolic  Catalyst , which is intended to provide the essential vitamins and plant compounds that are
    necessary to aid in metabolic functions. Such ingredients include broad spectrum B-Complex Vitamins, as well as Green Tea
    Extract and Resveratrol (polyphenols).   

A new product concept to be marketed under
    the name iMetabolic  Mini-Meal , which is intended to provide the essential whey protein isolate intake for a
    person who is on a four-to-five meal per day diet or needs a snack that will act as a low-calorie, high nutritional value
    appetite suppressant.   

A new product concept to be marketed under
    the name iMetabolic  Multi-Pro , which is intended to provide the essential broad-spectrum vitamins and minerals
    that are typically marketed as  multi-vitamin supplements;  however, this product is specifically tailored to
    dovetail with the  Catalyst  so as to virtually eliminate the duplicate consumption of overlapping ingredients
    that routinely plagues supplement users.   

A new product concept to be marketed under
    the name iMetabolic  BittX.  This product is premised on the scientific theory that modern horticulture and food
    producers have systematically promoted foods that are sweet or lack bitterness, which is the flavor typically associated with
    foods that have the greatest health benefits. Accordingly, this product is intended to reform the body s disposition
    toward bitter foods in a subtle, inoffensive way.   

We believe IMET s current four products can be successfully marketed
through the use of infomercials and have made progress with identifying a creator and producer for an infomercial to sell the
products. Additionally, the Company is building a new website with e-commerce capabilities and plans to use SEO (search engine
optimization), social media, e-mail marketing, and PPC (pay for click) venues as well to drive the business. However, there is
no assurance IMET s infomercial marketing strategy will be successful. 

We have also investigated using regional distributors for our products
and may use them in the future, on a region by region basis as working capital permits. The Company has identified some prospects
and is working to move those prospects forward. 

We believe IMET has located experienced nutrition and supplemental
manufacturers who have indicated an interest and an ability to manufacture IMET s initial four products.  We have received
written cost quotations from these manufactures and production timetables, as well. The Company is in the process of evaluating
the best venue to move forward. 

The Company was hopeful that it was going to be able to secure its
new website, marketing program, and product manufacturing schedules to begin marketing our products within six months of the closing
of the Exchange. In reality, these details are taking more time to prepare and thus the Company is now targeting some initial
product and marketing launches in 2016   2017. 

IMET License Agreement  

IMET entered into a license with IMI, a Nevada limited liability company,
on July 22, 2013 (the  License ).  In the License, IMI granted to IMET the exclusive licenses to use, produce,
market and sell: (i) five marks (the  Licensed Marks ); (ii) four books written by Dr. Sasse (the  Licensed
Content ); and (iii) approximately 150 supplements and foods created and previously sold by IMI (the  Licensed Articles ).
 The Licensed Marks include the trademark  iMetabolic  the domain name  www.imetabolic.com  the
trademark  iMetabolic Catalyst  and a trademark and domain name related to Dr. Sasse.  The License had a term
of three years, commencing on July 1, 2013 (the  Initial Term ), with a provision stating that the term of the License
would automatically become perpetual if IMET sold $3.0 Million of Licensed Content or Licensed Articles before July 1, 2016.
IMET is to bear all expenses of the creation and sale of the Licensed Content and Licensed Articles.  The License contains
other provisions standard in licenses. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

In conjunction with closing the Exchange, on March 16, 2015 IMI and
IMET executed an amendment to the License (the  License Amendment ). In the License Amendment: (i) IMET returned to
IMI all rights to the Licensed Content (Dr. Sasse s books), the two Dr. Sasse Licensed Marks and all revenues from the sale
of the Licensed Articles since July 1, 2013 through the date of closing the Exchange; (ii) the Initial Term was increased from
three to four years; (iii) a provision was added stating that after the closing of the Exchange, IMI shall not sell any more of
the Licensed Articles or any other products IMET deems as competing with the Licensed Articles; (iv) a provision was added stating
that upon reaching the $3.0 Million milestone, IMI shall transfer and or assign to IMET the three remaining Licensed Marks; and
(v) a provision was added stating that upon completion of the Initial Term, IMET shall have all rights, obligations, and burdens
of enforcing the Licensed Marks. 

During 2014, the trademark  iMetabolic 
expired at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.  In conjunction with the closing of the Exchange, IMI re-applied for that
trademark and the service mark  iMetabolic  on December 16, 2014.  In May 2015, we engaged Drinker, Biddle  
Reath, LLP to correspond with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office regarding our application.  As of April 19, 2016, the
Company was awarded Registration Number 4,941,531 in the Class 5 Category. Additionally, on September 6, 2016, the Company was
awarded Registration Number 5,034,186 in the Class 44 Category. At this juncture, the Company has succeeded in reclaiming both
marks for consideration in its future operations. 

Plan of Operation  

At June 30, 2016, the Company does not currently engage in any business
activities that generate cash flow. As of June 30, 2016, the Company had $1,619 in cash. 

Over the next 12 months we anticipate our operating expenses will include:
(i) general and administrative expenses, (ii) any officer, director and/or consulting fees, and (ii) costs associated with maintaining
the Company as a publicly traded entity, including the filing of Exchange Act reports. We believe we will be able to meet these
costs through the use of existing cash and cash equivalents or additional amounts, as necessary, to be loaned by or invested in
us by our stockholders, management or other investors. However, no assurance can be given that we will be able to raise additional
capital, when needed or at all, or that such capital, if available, will be on acceptable terms. In the absence of obtaining additional
financing, we may be unable to fund our operations.  Accordingly, the Company s financial condition could require that
it seek the protection of applicable reorganization laws in order to avoid or delay actions by third parties, which could materially
adversely affect, interrupt or cause the cessation of its operations. As a result, the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm has issued going concern opinion on the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2016. 

Competition  

The business of marketing weight management and nutrition products
is highly competitive and sensitive to the introduction of new products or weight management plans, including various prescription
drugs, which may rapidly capture a significant share of the market. These market segments include numerous manufacturers, distributors,
marketers, retailers and physicians that actively compete for the business of consumers both in the United States and abroad.
Some of these competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, product development, marketing
and sales resources, greater name recognition, larger established customer bases and better-developed distribution channels than
we do. Our present or future competitors may be able to develop products that are comparable or superior to those we offer, adapt
more quickly than we do to new technologies, evolving industry trends and standards or customer requirements, or devote greater
resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products than we do. For example, if our competitors develop other diet
or weight loss treatments that prove to be more effective than our products, demand for our products could be reduced. Accordingly,
we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets and competition may intensify. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

We are also subject to significant competition from network marketing
organizations, including those that market weight management products, dietary and nutritional supplements and personal care products
as well as other types of products. We compete for global customers and distributors with regard to weight management, nutritional
supplement and personal care products. Our competitors include both direct selling companies such as Herbalife, NuSkin Enterprises,
Nature s Sunshine, Alticor/Amway, Melaleuca, Avon Products, Oriflame and Mary Kay, as well as retail establishments in which
we are not a vendor such as Weight Watchers, Jenny Craig, General Nutrition Centers, Wal-Mart and retail pharmacies. 

In addition, because the industry in which we operate is not particularly
capital intensive or otherwise subject to high barriers to entry, it is relatively easy for new competitors to emerge who will
compete with us for our distributors and customers. 

Government Regulation  

In both domestic and foreign markets, the formulation, manufacturing,
packaging, labeling, distribution, importation, exportation, licensing, sale and storage of our products are affected by extensive
laws, governmental regulations, administrative determinations, court decisions and similar constraints. Such laws, regulations
and other constraints may exist at the federal, state or local levels in the United States and at all levels of government in
foreign jurisdictions. There can be no assurance that we or our distributors are in compliance with all of these regulations.
Our failure or our distributors  failure to comply with these regulations or new regulations could lead to the imposition
of significant penalties or claims and could negatively impact our business. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or changes
in the interpretations of existing regulations may result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales
and may negatively impact the marketing of our products, resulting in significant loss of sales revenues. 

Employees  

We currently have informal arrangements with three individuals, who
are officers and Directors of the Company, who serve as support staff for the functioning of all the corporate activities. There
are no written agreements with these individuals. If administrative requirements expand, we anticipate that we may hire additional
employees, and utilize a combination of employees and consultants as necessary to conduct our business. 

Available Information  

The Company is a Nevada corporation with its principal executive office
located at 75 Pringle Way, 8th Floor, Suite 804, Reno, Nevada 89502 and its telephone number is (775) 829-7999.  

ITEM 1A.   
       RISK FACTORS    

The risks associated with our Company are set forth in the  Risk
Factors  section of our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2015. 

ITEM 1B.   
       UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS    

None. 

ITEM 2.   
       PROPERTIES    

Executive Offices   

The Company s principal executive office is located at 75 Pringle
Way, 8th Floor, Suite 804, Reno, Nevada 89502. The office premises are contributed free of charge by Mark W. Conte, our President
and Chief Executive Officer. We believe that the offices are adequate to meet our current operational requirements. We do not
own any real property. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

ITEM 3.   
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

We are not currently subject to any legal proceedings, and to the best
of our knowledge, no such proceeding is threatened, the results of which would have a material impact on our properties, results
of operation, or financial condition.  Nor, to the best of our knowledge, are any of our officers or directors involved
in any legal proceedings in which we are an adverse party. 

ITEM 4.   
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

Not applicable. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

PART II  

ITEM 5.   
       MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
    COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES    

Market for Common Stock  

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC QB maintained by the OTC Markets
under the symbol  ESWB.   The high and low bid prices of our common stock as reported for the periods presented,
by fiscal quarter (i.e., the first quarter beginning July 1 and ended September 30), were as follows.  The quotations reflect
inter-dealer prices, without retail markup, mark-down, or commission and may not represent actual transactions.   

Holders  

As of June 30, 2016, there were approximately 178 holders of record
of our common stock. This does not include beneficial owners holding stock in street name. 

Dividends  

Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends
on shares of our Common Stock will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors out of funds legally available for such
purpose.  We are under no contractual obligations or restrictions to declare or pay dividends on our shares of Common Stock.
 In addition, we currently have no plans to pay such dividends.  Our Board of Directors currently intends to retain
all earnings for use in the business for the foreseeable future.   

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

All previous unregistered sales were disclosed in prior quarterly or current reports. 

Transfer Agent  

Our transfer agent and registrar are American Stock Transfer and Trust
Co., 6201 15 th  Avenue, 3 rd  Floor, Brooklyn, NY 11219, Telephone (718) 921-8210. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

ITEM 6.   
       SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    

We are a  smaller reporting company  as defined by Regulation
S-K and as such, are not required to provide the information contained in this item pursuant to Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 7.   
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
    AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

The following discussion and analysis provides information that
management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition for the
periods presented.  The following selected financial information is derived from our historical consolidated financial statements
and should be read in conjunction with such consolidated financial statements and notes thereto set forth elsewhere herein and
the  Forward-Looking Statements  explanation included herein.  

Overview of Business  

On December 31 ,  2014, we entered into an Agreement of Share
Exchange and Plan of Reorganization (the  Share Exchange Agreement ) and consummated a share exchange (the  Share
Exchange ) with iMetabolic Corp. ( IMET ), a Nevada corporation.  The Effective Date of the transaction
was March 16, 2015 (the  Effective Date ) and resulted in the acquisition of IMET (the  Acquisition ).
 Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, we acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of IMET from the
16 IMET shareholders for an aggregate of 60,000,000 shares, or 76.2% of the Company s common stock. 

As a result of the Share Exchange Agreement, the IMET shareholders
transferred all their interest in IMET to the Company and, as a result, IMET became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

As a further condition of the Share Exchange Agreement, the then current
officers of the Company resigned on March 16, 2015 and Mark W. Conte was appointed President, CEO and a director of the Company,
Kevin J. Pikero as CFO, Treasurer, Secretary, and a director and Andrew D. Smith as a director. 

The IMET acquisition is discussed more fully in the Form 8-K we filed
with the SEC on March 20, 2015. Included as an exhibit to that Form 8-K is a copy of the Share Exchange Agreement. 

For complete details regarding the business of the Company, see    Item 1. Business  , 
above. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 compared to fiscal year ended June 30, 2015.  

General and Administrative Expenses  

For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, we have recorded
operating expenses of $78,518 and $48,515, respectively, consisting primarily of general and administrative expenses along with
professional fees all of which are associated with maintaining the Company as a publicly traded entity. 

Net Loss  

For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, we have recorded a net loss of $78,502
and $48,500, respectively. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of June 30, 2016, the Company had current assets of $1,619 and working
capital deficit of $(31,412). Over the next twelve months, we have estimated that in order to maintain reporting company status
as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we will require cash for general and administrative expenses and professional
fees, which include accounting, legal and other professional fees, as well as filing fees. We believe we will be able to meet
these costs through the use of existing cash and cash equivalents or additional amounts, as necessary, to be loaned by or invested
in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. However, no assurance can be given that we will be able to raise additional
capital, when needed or at all, or that such capital, if available, will be on acceptable terms. In the absence of obtaining additional
financing, we may be unable to fund our operations. 

Accumulated Deficit   Stockholder s Equity  

For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company reported
Accumulated Deficits of $139,840 and $61,338, respectively. 

For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company reported
Stockholders  Equity (Deficits) of $(31,412) and $47,090, respectively. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not engage
in any off-balance sheet arrangements as set forth in Item 303(a)(4) of the Regulation S-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which require us to make estimates and judgments
that significantly affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements.  Note 1 ,   Business, Basis of Presentation
and Significant Accounting Policies   in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended June 30,
2016, describes our significant accounting policies which are reviewed by management on a regular basis.  

ITEM 7A.   
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
    RISKS    

Our exposure to market risks is limited to changes in interest rates.
We do not use derivative financial instruments as part of an overall strategy to manage market risk. We have no debt outstanding
nor do we have any investment in debt instruments other than highly liquid short-term investments. Accordingly, we consider our
interest rate risk exposure to be insignificant at this time. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

ITEM 8.   
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    

UPD HOLDING CORP.  

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders  

 UPD Holding Corp and Subsidiaries 

 Reno, NV. 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of UPD Holding Corp. and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders  equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended.
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatements. The Company is
not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit includes
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2016
and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements,
the Company has suffered losses from operations and negative operating cash flows which raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters also are described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ MALONEBAILEY, LLP 

 www.malone-bailey.com 

October 13, 2016 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

PART I.   
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements    

UPD HOLDING CORP.  

  AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

UPD HOLDING CORP.  

  AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

UPD HOLDING CORP.  

  AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

UPD HOLDING CORP.  

  AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

UPD HOLDING CORP.  

  AND SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE 1   BUSINESS, BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES; GOING CONCERN  

Business, Operations and Organization  

Esio Water   Beverage Development Corp. was incorporated in Nevada
in June 1988 as Richard Barrie Fragrances, Inc. Over the years, the Company changed its name several times, most recently from
Tempco, Inc. to Esio Water   Beverage Development Corp. Esio Water   Beverage Development Corp. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
Net Edge Devices, LLC, an Arizona Limited Liability Company, and iMetabolic Corp, ( IMET ) a Nevada Corporation are
hereinafter collectively referred to as the  Company.  

On March 16, 2015, the Company issued to the IMET 16 shareholders of
record an aggregate of 60,000,000 shares, or 76.2% of the Company s common stock. Prior to the close of the reverse merger,
IMET had 10,000,000 common shares outstanding immediately prior to the merger and net liabilities of $20,500. Prior to closing,
the predecessor company had 18,566,636 shares outstanding and net assets of $85,378, of which $89,615 was cash and $4,237 was
non-cash. As a result of the closing of this transaction, IMET is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and its business
and operations represent those of the Company 

For accounting purposes, this transaction is being accounted for as
a reverse merger and has been treated as a recapitalization of the Company with IMET considered the accounting acquirer, and the
financial statements of the accounting acquirer become the financial statements of the registrant. This transaction is hereinafter
referred to as the  Reverse Merger.  The Company did not recognize goodwill or any intangible assets in connection
with the transaction. The 60,000,000 common shares issued to the shareholders of IMET in conjunction with the share exchange transaction
have been presented as outstanding for all periods. 

On December 30, 2015, the Company filed Articles of Merger (the  Merger )
with the Nevada Secretary of State. The Merger was between the Company and our wholly-owned subsidiary, UPD Holding Corp. (the
 Subsidiary ). Pursuant to Nevada corporate law, we amended our Articles of Incorporation by the Merger to change
our name to UPD Holding Corp. We believe our new name more properly indicates our current lines of business because the Company
has not been in the water and beverage industry since 2012.  UPD  stands for United Product Development. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Net Edge Devices, LLC, an Arizona Limited Liability Company, and iMetabolic Corp, ( IMET )
a Nevada Corporation. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Reclassifications  

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the
current year presentation.  

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers those short-term, highly liquid investments with
maturities of three months or less as cash and cash equivalents. At times, cash in banks may be in excess of the FDIC limits.
The Company has no cash equivalents. 

Management Estimates and Assumptions  

The preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these
estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however, actual results could differ materially
from these estimates. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

UPD HOLDING CORP.  

  AND SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE 1   BUSINESS, BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES; GOING CONCERN (Continued)  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The fair values of the Company s financial instruments include
cash, accounts payable, accrued expenses and notes payable approximate their carrying amounts because of the short maturities
of these instruments or because of restrictions. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share  

The Company calculates net income (loss) per share as required by Accounting
Standards Codification subtopic 260-10, Earnings per Share (ASC 260-10 ). Basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated
by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per
share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common stock equivalents
outstanding. For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the impact of outstanding stock equivalents was 10,258,245 and
11,518,245,  respectively, which were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS due to their anti-dilutive effect. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

FASB ASC 718 requires companies to measure all stock compensation awards
using a fair value method and recognize the related compensation cost in its financial statements. The Company has adopted the
provisions of FASB ASC 718 and expenses the fair value of employee stock options and similar awards in the financial statements.
The Company accounts for share based payments in accordance with ASC 718,  Compensation - Stock Compensation , which requires
all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the financial statements
based on the grant date fair value of the award. In accordance with ASC 718-10-30-9,  Measurement Objective   Fair Value
at Grant Date , the Company estimates the fair value of the award using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for valuation
of the share-based payments. The Company believes this model provides the best estimate of fair value due to its ability to incorporate
inputs that change over time, such as volatility and interest rates, and to allow for actual exercise behavior of option holders.
The simplified method is used to determine compensation expense since historical option exercise experience is limited relative
to the number of options issued. The compensation cost is recognized ratably using the straight-line method over the expected
vesting period. 

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation to other than employees
in accordance with FASB ASC 505-50. Equity instruments issued to other than employees are valued at the earlier of a commitment
date or upon completion of the services, based on the fair value of the equity instruments and is recognized as expense over the
service period. 

The Company did not recognize any stock-based administrative compensation
for common stock options issued to administrative personnel and consultants during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Also during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not pay stock based compensation consisting of common stock
issued to non-employees. 

Concentration of Credit Risk  

The Company has no significant off-balance-sheet concentrations of
credit risk such as foreign exchange contracts, options contracts or other foreign hedging arrangements.  The Company maintains
the majority of its cash balances with one financial institution.  At times, such balances may be in excess of any insured
limits. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

UPD HOLDING CORP.  

  AND SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE 1   BUSINESS, BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES; GOING CONCERN (Continued)  

Deferred Tax Assets . 

In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management assesses
the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and to the extent that recovery is not likely
a valuation allowance is established. We adjust the valuation allowance in the period management determines it is more likely
than not that deferred tax assets will or will not be realized. To date, we have fully reserved for our deferred tax assets based
primarily on our history of recurring losses. 

Income Taxes  

In accordance with ASC 740 -  Income Taxes , the provision
for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income tax assets
and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws. A valuation allowance is provided for the amount of deferred
tax assets that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized. 

The Company also follows the guidance related to accounting for income
tax uncertainties. In accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, the Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of a
tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following
an audit. For tax positions meeting the more likely than not threshold, the amount recognized in the consolidated financial statements
is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax
authority. No liability for unrecognized tax benefits was recorded as of June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB (including
its Emerging Issues Task Force), the AICPA, and the SEC during the current reporting period did not, or are not believed by management
to have a material impact on the Company s present or future consolidated financial statements. 

Going Concern  

The Company s financial statements are prepared using accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization
of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source
of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern.  The ability of the
Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it
becomes profitable.  If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations. These
factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

UPD HOLDING CORP.  

  AND SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE 1   BUSINESS, BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES; GOING CONCERN (Continued)  

In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among
other things, additional capital resources. Management s plans to obtain such resources for the Company include (i) obtaining
capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses; (ii) obtaining funding
from outside sources through the sale of its debt and/or equity securities; and (iii) completing a merger with or acquisition
of an existing operating company. However, management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful in accomplishing
any of its plans. 

NOTE 2   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, a shareholder contributed
$100 to the Company to cover a deficit in the Company s checking account. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, the President
has provided the Company rent at no charge. 

NOTE 3   INCOME TAXES  

The income tax benefit differs from the amount computed by applying
the federal income tax rate of 35% to net loss before income taxes. As of June 30, 2016 and 2015 deferred tax assets consist of
the following: 

As a result of the Reverse Merger, the Company's
ability to utilize the net operating losses of the predecessor company is unlikely under the Internal Revenue Code.  Additionally,
the future utilization of the net operating loss carryforward to offset future taxable income may be subject to an annual limitation
as a result of ownership changes that could occur in the future. As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company's likely Federal and
State net operating loss carryforwards were $139,840 and $61,338, respectively. The Company provided a valuation allowance equal
to the deferred income tax asset for the year ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 because it was not known whether future taxable income
will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforward. The potential tax benefit arising from the loss carryforward will expire
in 2035. Additionally, all annual tax returns have been filed. 

NOTE 4   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

Authorized Shares  

At June 30, 2016, our authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000
shares of Common Stock, par value of $.005, and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $.01. At June 30, 2016 and 2015,
there were 78,766,636 and 78,766,636 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, respectively, and no shares of Preferred Stock
issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

UPD HOLDING CORP.  

  AND SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE 4   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (Continued)  

Common Stock  

At June 30, 2016, we had a total of 10,258,245
shares reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2,102,767 outstanding options and 8,155,478 outstanding warrants issued by the predecessor
company. See   Options and Warrants   below for additional information. 

Preferred Stock  

The Company s Board of Directors has the authority to divide
the preferred stock shares into series and to fix the voting powers, designation, preference, and relative participating, option
or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions of the shares of any series so established. 
The Company has issued no preferred stock shares as of June 30, 2016. 

Common Stock Issuances  

During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded
the issuance of shares of Common Stock as follows: 

Options and Warrants  

The Company did not issue any options or warrants
during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of March 16, 2015, the effective date of the Reverse Merger, the
Company had 3,522,767 options outstanding pursuant to the predecessor company s 1999 Equity Compensation Plan, of which
1,420,000 options have expired, leaving 2,102,767 options outstanding. In addition, as of the effective date of the Reverse Merger,
the Company had 8,155,478 warrants outstanding issued by the predecessor company. These warrants expire in 2017. See   Options
Granted by Predecessor Company Prior to Reverse Merger   and   Warrants Granted by Predecessor Company Prior
to Reverse Merger   below for additional information. Also, additional information about the predecessor company s
options and warrants and expense calculations can be found in that company s financial statements contained in its Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 14, 2014. 

Options Granted by Predecessor Company Prior to Reverse Merger  

On July 13, 1999, the Board of Directors of the predecessor company
authorized the 1999 Equity Compensation Plan (the  Plan ).  The Plan allowed for the award of incentive stock
options, non-statutory stock options or restricted stock awards to certain employees, directors, consultants and independent contractors. 
The predecessor company reserved an aggregate of 600,000 shares of common stock for distribution under the Plan.  Incentive
stock options granted under the Plan may be granted to employees only, and may not have an exercise price less than the fair market
value of the common stock on the date of grant. Options may be exercised on a one-for-one basis, with a maximum term of ten years
from the date of grant.  Incentive stock options granted to employees generally vest annually over a four-year period. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

UPD HOLDING CORP.  

  AND SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE 4   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (Continued)  

Options Granted by Predecessor Company Prior to Reverse Merger (Continued)  

A summary of the activity of options under the plan and non-statutory
options granted outside the plan follows: 

Additional information about outstanding options to purchase the Company s
common stock as of June 30, 2016 is as follows: 

The 1,200,000 options were granted to directors
on February 3, 2014 and are exercisable at $0.05 for 5 years. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

UPD HOLDING CORP.  

  AND SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE 4   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (Continued)  

Warrants Granted by Predecessor Company Prior to Reverse Merger  

Prior to the Reverse Merger, the predecessor company issued 8,155,478
Warrants primarily in connections with financing arrangements and consulting services. Activity relative to these warrants for
the year ended June 30, 2016 is as follows: 

All the warrants outstanding as of June 30, 2016 are exercisable and
expire in 2017. 

NOTE
5   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

2.    On
                                         September 1, 2016 through unanimous approval by its Board, the Company opened an escrow
                                         to initiate a proposed funding arrangement for future capital demands. This $65,000 escrow
                                         was funded by two private placements which have convertible notes associated with them. 
                                         The notes are convertible on March 1, 2017 at $0.0125 per share. $15,000 of the $65,000
                                         private placement was funded by the Company s President.    

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

ITEM 9.   
       CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
    WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE    

There have been no changes in our accountants during the last two fiscal
years, and we have not had any material disagreements with our existing accountants during that time. 

ITEM 9A.   
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We
conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. The term
 disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls
and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the
reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures also include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive
and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of June
30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the size and nature of the existing business operation.
Given the size of our current operation and existing personnel, the opportunity to implement internal control procedures that
segregate accounting duties and responsibilities is limited. Until the organization can increase in size to warrant an increase
in personnel, formal internal control procedure will not be implemented until they can be effectively executed and monitored.
As a result of the size of the current organization, there will not be significant levels of supervision, review, independent
directors nor formal audit committee.  

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting   

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our
financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly
reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial
statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of Company assets are made in accordance with management
authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could
have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis.   

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements
would be prevented or detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate.  

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness, as of June
30, 2016, of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, our
Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of June 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective due to the size and nature of the existing business operation. Given the size of our current operation and existing
personnel, the opportunity to implement internal control procedures that segregate accounting duties and responsibilities is limited.
Until the organization can increase in size to warrant an increase in personnel, formal internal control procedure will not be
implemented until they can be effectively executed and monitored. As a result of the size of the current organization, there will
not be significant levels of supervision, review, independent directors nor formal audit committee. 

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

During the fiscal year ended June 30,
2016, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.  

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting
Firm   

The Company s independent registered
public accounting firm is not required to issue, and has not issued, an attestation report on the Company s internal control
over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016.  

ITEM 9B.   
       OTHER INFORMATION    

None.   

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

PART III   

ITEM 10.   
       DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    

Appointment of New Officers and Directors  

In connection with the Share Exchange
Agreement, Mark W. Conte was appointed as President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company, Kevin J. Pikero was
appointed as Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and a director of the Company, and Andrew D. Smith was appointed as
a director.  Furthermore, concurrent with the Effective Date of the Share Exchange Agreement, our former officers and Directors
resigned from their positions.  

Identification of Directors and Executive Officers   

The following table sets forth the name,
age and positions of our new executive officer and director as of the Effective Date.  Executive officers are elected annually
by our Board of Directors.  Each executive officer holds his office until he resigns, is removed by the Board, or his successor
is elected and qualified.  Directors are elected annually by our stockholders at the annual meeting.  Each director
holds his office until his successor is elected and qualified or his earlier resignation or removal.  

Mark W. Conte.   Mr. Conte
is a business professional and entrepreneur in Reno, Nevada with over 25 years of experience in marketing and operations in the
health, nutraceutical, technology, agricultural sciences, and banking industries. Mr. Conte is a co- founder and currently serves
as President of iMetabolic Corp. Formerly, Mr. Conte was a co-founder and co-Managing Member of International Metabolic Institute
LLC, which developed the  iMetabolic  brand and initial line of dietary and nutraceutical products. Prior thereto,
Mr. Conte was: a Partner in 1Globe Wireless, Inc.; the B2B Sales Manager for AT T Wireless; Managing Director and Manager
of Operations for Perten Instruments; Vice President of Marketing for AIQ Systems, Inc.; and as a Corporate Banking Specialist
and Foreign Exchange Representative for Valley Bank of Nevada. Mr. Conte is a graduate of the University of Nevada at Reno with
a B.S. in Finance.  

Kevin J. Pikero .  Mr. Pikero
is a practicing Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in Reno, Nevada with over 35 years of experience in the financial and accounting
business. Mr. Pikero currently operates Kevin J. Pikero   Associates, Inc. (CPAs) in Reno, Nevada providing accounting, tax,
and financial services for a select domestic and international clientele of corporations, partnerships, sole proprietors, and
individuals.  Mr. Pikero s professional history includes employment with: Haims   Company   (CPAs); E.F.
Hutton Credit Corp.; Barclays Business Credit Inc.; Truckee River Bank; Bank of America Community Development Bank; and United
American Funding, Inc. Mr. Pikero is a graduate of Bentley University with a B.S. in Accounting and of the University of Bridgeport,
Bridgeport, CT with a M.B.A. in Finance.  

Andrew D. Smith.   Mr. Smith
is a Certified Public Accountant in Chicago, Illinois with over 25 years of experience in the financial and accounting business.
He is a co-founder and the current President of Houlihan Capital, an investment banking firm with specializations in mergers and
acquisitions and valuations. Previously to his time at Houlihan Capital, Mr. Smith was: a Senior Vice President for EVEREN Securities,
Inc. (formerly Kemper Securities, Inc., 1993 to 1996), where he was the founder and co-head of the firm s Mergers  
Acquisitions Group; a Managing Director at Geneva Capital Markets; and an auditor for Ernst   Whinney, where he specialized
in serving financial institutions. Mr. Smith is a graduate, with honors, of Ohio Wesleyan University with a BA in Economics, is
registered with FINRA as a General Securities Representative (Series 7), General Securities Principal (Series 24), and a Financial
and Operations Principal (Series 27), is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Illinois CPA
Society, and is credentialed through the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants as  Accredited in Business Valuation.   

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

Employment Contracts   

There are no employment agreements between
the Company and its officers and directors.  

Code of Ethics   

We have not yet adopted a Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics.  

Audit Committee, Compensation Committee
and Nominating Committee   

As of the date of this filing, we do
not have a formal Audit Committee, Compensation Committee or Nominating Committee.  Our Board of Directors make all decisions
that an audit committee would ordinarily make.  We have determined that the Company does not have a member of its Board of
Directors that qualifies as an  audit committee financial expert  as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K.  

We believe that the members of our Board
of Directors are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial statements. In addition, we believe
that at this time, retaining an independent director who would qualify as an  audit committee financial expert  would
be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development and the fact
that we have not generated any revenues to date.  

Conflicts of Interest   

Certain potential conflicts of interest
are inherent in the relationships between our officers and directors, and us.  

From time to time, one or more of our
affiliates may form or hold an ownership interest in and/or manage other businesses both related and unrelated to the type of
business that we own and operate.  These persons expect to continue to form, hold an ownership interest in and/or manage
additional other businesses which may compete with ours with respect to operations, including financing and marketing, management
time and services and potential customers.  These activities may give rise to conflicts between or among the interests of
us and other businesses with which our affiliates are associated.  Our affiliates are in no way prohibited from undertaking
such activities, and neither we nor our shareholders will have any right to require participation in such other activities.  

Further, because we intend to transact
business with some of our officers, directors and affiliates, as well as with firms in which some of our officers, directors or
affiliates have a material interest, potential conflicts may arise between the respective interests of us and these related persons
or entities.  We believe that such transactions will be effected on terms at least as favorable to us as those available
from unrelated third parties.  

With respect to transactions involving
real or apparent conflicts of interest, we have adopted policies and procedures which require that: (i) the fact of the relationship
or interest giving rise to the potential conflict be disclosed or known to the directors who authorize or approve the transaction
prior to such authorization or approval, (ii) the transaction be approved by a majority of our disinterested outside directors,
and (iii) the transaction be fair and reasonable to us at the time it is authorized or approved by our directors.  

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act   

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, requires
the Company s officers and directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s
equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes of ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).
Officers, directors and beneficial owners of more than ten percent of the Common Stock are required by SEC regulations to furnish
the Company with copies of all reports that they file with the SEC pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Based solely
on a review of the copies of such forms furnished to the Company, the Company believes that during fiscal 2015 its current officers,
directors and beneficial owners of more than ten percent of the Common Stock complied with all applicable Section 16(a) filing
requirements.  

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

ITEM 11.   
       EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION    

Summary
Compensation Table   

The following table sets forth the compensation
awarded to, earned by or paid to each named executive officer during each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015.   

Summary Compensation Table   

_________________  

Director Compensation   

We do not currently have a formal plan
for compensating our directors.  

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation   

Not applicable.  

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

Indemnification of Officers and Directors   

The General Corporation Law of Nevada
provides that directors, officers, employees or agents of Nevada corporations are entitled, under certain circumstances, to be
indemnified against expenses (including attorneys  fees) and other liabilities actually and reasonably incurred by them
in connection with any suit brought against them in their capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, if they acted in
good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and with
respect to any criminal action or proceeding, if they had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct was unlawful. This statute
provides that directors, officers, employees and agents may also be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys  fees)
actually and reasonably incurred by them in connection with a derivative suit brought against them in their capacity as a director,
if they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation,
except that no indemnification may be made without court approval if such person was adjudged liable to the corporation.  

Our by-laws provide that we shall indemnify
our officers and directors in any action, suit or proceeding unless such officer or director shall be adjudged to be derelict
in his or her duties.   

ITEM 12.   
       SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
    MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS    

The following table sets forth, as of
June 30, 2016, certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our capital stock according to the information supplied to
us, that were beneficially owned by (i) each person known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of each
class of the Company s outstanding voting stock, (ii) each director, (iii) each named executive officer identified
in the Summary Compensation Table, and (iv) all named executive officers and directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated,
the persons named in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to
community property laws where applicable. There are not any pending or anticipated arrangements that may cause a change in control.

___________________  

(1)  
      Applicable
    percentage of ownership is based on 78,766,636 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 30, 2016, together with securities
    exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within sixty (60) days of June 30, 2016, for each stockholder. Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect
    to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock
    that are currently exercisable or exercisable within sixty (60) days of June 30, 2016, are deemed to be beneficially owned
    by the person holding such options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person, but
    are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.  Currently
    none of the officers or directors of the Company hold options or warrants of the Company.   
 
      (2)  
      Share percentages reflect
    single digit rounding.  Actual share ownership to two decimal points is less than 5.0%.   

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

ITEM 13.   
       CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
    DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE    

The Company did not have any transactions
during fiscal years 2016 and 2015 with any director, director nominee, executive officer, security holder known to the Company
to own of record or beneficially more than 5% of the Company s common stock, or any member of the immediate family of any
of the foregoing persons, in which the amount involved exceeded $120,000.  

Director Independence   

Although the Company is not listed on
a national securities exchange, in determining whether the members of our Board are independent, the Company has elected to use
the definition of  independence  set forth by the NASDAQ Stock Market ( NASDAQ ) and the standards for
independence established by NASDAQ. After review of relevant transactions or relationships between each director, or any of his
family members, and the Company, its senior management and the Board, have determined that Andrew D. Smith is an independent director
within the meaning of the applicable listing standards of NASDAQ. Mark W. Conte and Kevin J. Pikero are not independent directors
under the NASDAQ standard based in part on their positions as executive officers and employees of the Company.  

ITEM 14.   
       PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES    

The following table
summarizes the aggregate fees billed to the Company by MaloneBailey, LLP in relation to the audits and quarterly reviews of the
Company for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015:  

_______________   
 
      (1)  
        Audit
    Fees.   Audit fees include fees for professional services performed for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements,
    review of quarterly consolidated financial statements included in our SEC filings, and assistance and issuance of consents
    associated with other SEC filings.   
 
      (2)  
        Audit-Related
    Fees.   Audit-related fees are fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the audit. This
    category includes fees related to assistance consulting on financial accounting/reporting standards.   
 
      (3)  
        Tax
    Fees.   Tax fees primarily include professional services performed with respect to preparation of our federal and state
    tax returns for our consolidated subsidiaries.   
 
      (4)  
        All Other Fees.   All other fees
    include products and services provided, other than the services reported comprising Audit Fees, Audit Related Fees and Tax
    Fees.   

The Board of Directors has reviewed the
services provided by MaloneBailey, LLP during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 and the amounts billed for such services, and
after consideration, has determined that the receipt of these fees by MaloneBailey, LLP is compatible with the provision of independent
audit services. The Board has discussed these services and fees with MaloneBailey, LLP and Company management to determine that
they are appropriate under the rules and regulations concerning auditor independence promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission to implement the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as under guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants.   

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures    

The entire Board of Directors acts as
the Company s Audit Committee. The Audit Committee does not have a financial expert serving on its committee at this time
due to the size and nature of the Company.  

All audit and non-audit services are
pre-approved by the Audit Committee, which consists of the members of the Board of Directors which considers, among other things,
the possible effect of the performance of such services on the auditors  independence.  The Audit Committee pre-approves
the annual engagement of the principal independent registered public accounting firm, including the performance of the annual
audit and quarterly reviews for the subsequent fiscal year, and pre-approves specific engagements for tax services performed by
such firm.  The Audit Committee has also established pre-approval policies and procedures for certain enumerated audit and
audit related services performed pursuant to the annual engagement agreement, including such firm s attendance at and participation
at Board and committee meetings; services associated with SEC registration statements approved by the Board of Directors; review
of periodic reports and other documents filed with the SEC or other documents issued in connection with securities offerings,
such as comfort letters and consents; assistance in responding to any SEC comments letters; and consultations with such firm as
to the accounting or disclosure treatment of transactions or events and the actual or potential impact of final or proposed rules,
standards or interpretations by the SEC, Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB), Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB), or other regulatory or standard-setting bodies.  The Audit Committee is informed of each service performed pursuant
to its pre-approval policies and procedures.  The Audit Committee has considered the role of MaloneBailey, LLP in providing
services to us for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 and has concluded that such services are compatible with such firm s
independence.  

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

PART IV   

ITEM 15.   
       EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES    

Exhibit   
           Number    
         
       Description    

2.1  
         
      Share Exchange Agreement, dated December 31, 2014, by and among
    Esio Water   Beverage Development Corp. and iMetabolic Corp.  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 20, 2015) .   
 
      21.1*  
         
      Subsidiaries of the Registrant   
 
      31.1*  
         
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302
    of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      31.2*  
         
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302
    of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.1*  
         
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
    pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      101.INS*  
         
      XBRL Instance Document**    
 
      101.SCH*  
         
      XBRL Extension Schema Document**   
 
      101.CAL*  
         
      XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase Document**   
 
      101.DEF*  
         
      XBRL Extension Definition Linkbase Document**   
 
      101.LAB*  
         
      XBRL Extension Labels Linkbase Document**   
 
      101.PRE*  
         
      XBRL Extension Presentation Linkbase Document**   
 
  __________________  

*   
      Filed herewith.   
 
      **  
      In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this information
    is deemed not  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   

Financial Statement Schedules   

None.  

Table of Contents       Index to Financial Statements     

SIGNATURES   

In accordance with
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.  

UPD HOLDING CORP.    

Date:  October 13, 2016  
      By:    
      /s/ Mark W. Conte   

Mark W. Conte   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date:  October 13, 2016  
      By:    
      /s/ Kevin J. Pikero   

Kevin J. Pikero   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

Name   
         
       Title   
         
       Date    

/s/ Mark W. Conte  
         
      President, Chief Executive Officer, Director  
         
      October 13, 2016   
 
      Mark W. Conte  
         
      (Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Kevin J. Pikero  
         
      Chief Financial Officer, Director  
         
      October 13, 2016   
 
      Kevin J. Pikero  
         
       (Principal Financial Officer)  

/s/ Andrew D. Smith   
         
      Director  
         
      October 13, 2016   
 
      Andrew D. Smith  

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED
WITH REPORTS   

   FILED PURSUANT TO SECTION 15(d) OF
THE ACT BY REGISTRANTS WHICH HAVE   

   NOT REGISTERED SECURITIES PURSUANT
TO SECTION 12 OF THE ACT   

The registrant has not sent to its security
holders any annual report covering the registrant s fiscal year ended June 30, 2016.  

<EX-21.1>
 2
 p1021_ex21-1.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

EXHIBIT 21.1  

SUBSIDIARIES  

  OF  

  UPD HOLDING CORP.,   

  A NEVADA CORPORATION  

Entity   
       
       Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization   

% Ownership   

iMetabolic Corp.  
       
      Nevada  

100%  

Net Edge Devices, LLC  
       
      Arizona  

100%  

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 p1021_ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OR
15D-14 OF THE SECURITIES  

  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Mark W. Conte, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UPD Holding Corp.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 p1021_ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OR
15D-14 OF THE SECURITIES  

  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Kevin J. Pikero, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UPD Holding Corp.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  October 13, 2016  
      /s/ Kevin J. Pikero   

Kevin J. Pikero   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 p1021_ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of UPD Holding Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned officers of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of our knowledge: 

1.  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company, as of, and for the periods presented in the Report.   

/s/ Kevin J. Pikero   

Kevin J. Pikero   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 eswb-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 eswb-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 eswb-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 eswb-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 eswb-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 eswb-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

