<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_1060736_0001193125-16-749891_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2552281</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>497832</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>126785</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>539888</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>739471</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>496537</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-749891.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027172344
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-749891
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SEATTLE GENETICS INC /WA
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001060736
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				911874389
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32405
		FILM NUMBER:		161956389

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21823 30TH DRIVE SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE
		CITY:			BOTHELL
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4255274000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21823 30TH DRIVE SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE
		CITY:			BOTHELL
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98021

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-749891.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 d251389d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                          
  Commission file number 0-32405        
       SEATTLE
GENETICS, INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  91-1874389   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    21823 30 th  Drive SE   
  Bothell, Washington 98021   
  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code): (425) 527-4000   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  
 Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every  
 Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 As of October 21, 2016, there were 141,552,646 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

   Seattle Genetics, Inc.   
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   
  For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016   
    INDEX       

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited)       

Item 1. 
   
   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements      

3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets      

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss    

4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

5 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

6 

Item 2. 
   
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

13 

Item 3. 
   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

24 

Item 4. 
   
   Controls and Procedures    

26 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1A. 
   
   Risk Factors      

27 

Item 5. 
   
   Other Information    

49 

Item 6. 
   
   Exhibits    

50 

SIGNATURES     

51 

EXHIBIT INDEX     

52 

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements          Seattle
Genetics, Inc.      Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
  (Unaudited)      (In
thousands, except par value)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     Seattle Genetics, Inc.   
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss   
  (Unaudited)      (In
thousands, except per share amounts)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     Seattle Genetics, Inc.   
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
  (Unaudited)      (In
thousands)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     Seattle Genetics, Inc.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)      1. Summary of significant
accounting policies      Basis of presentation   
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the accounts of Seattle Genetics, Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries (collectively  Seattle Genetics  or the  Company ). All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Management has determined that the Company operates in one segment: the development and sale of
pharmaceutical products on its own behalf or in collaboration with others. Substantially all of the Company s assets and revenues are related to operations in the United States; however, the Company also has subsidiaries in Canada, Switzerland
and the United Kingdom.    The condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2015 were derived from audited financial
statements not included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC,
and generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or GAAP, for unaudited condensed consolidated financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete
financial statements. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments consisting of normal recurring adjustments which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair statement of the
Company s financial position and results of its operations, as of and for the periods presented.    Unless indicated otherwise, all
amounts presented in financial tables are presented in thousands, except for per share and par value amounts.    These unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed
with the SEC.    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The results of the Company s operations for the three and nine month periods ended
September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year.     Non-cash investing activities
    The Company had $4.3 million and $5.4 million of accrued capital expenditures as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. Accrued capital expenditures have been treated as a non-cash investing activity and, accordingly, have not been included in the statement of cash flows until such amounts have been paid in cash.  
  Other non-current assets   
 Other non-current assets include a $5.0 million non-controlling investment in a privately-held company that is accounted for under the cost
method of accounting. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of the investment if significant adverse events or circumstances indicate a possible impairment. As of September 30, 2016, no impairment in value has been observed.
    Long-term incentive plans   
 In May and July of 2016, the Company established two Long-Term Incentive Plans, or the First LTIP and the Second LTIP, respectively. The First
LTIP provides eligible employees with the opportunity to receive a performance-based incentive comprised of a cash payment and stock options. The Second LTIP provides eligible employees with the opportunity to receive a performance-based incentive
comprised of a cash payment and a restricted stock unit award. The payment of the cash, commencement of the vesting of the stock options, and grant and commencement of vesting of the restricted stock units under the LTIPs are contingent upon the
achievement of pre-determined regulatory milestones. The Company will record compensation expense for the LTIPs over the estimated service period for each milestone once the achievement of the milestone is considered probable in accordance with the
provisions of ASC 450, Contingencies. At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether achievement of a milestone is considered probable, and if so, records compensation expense based on the portion of the service period elapsed to date with
respect to that milestone, with a cumulative catch-up, net of estimated forfeitures. The Company will recognize remaining compensation  
      6  

Table of Contents  

expense with respect to a milestone, if any, through the end of the estimated service period. As of September 30, 2016, the estimated value to be delivered in cash and stock options for
employees currently eligible under the First LTIP was approximately $20.7 million. As of September 30, 2016, the estimated value to be delivered in cash and restricted stock units for employees currently eligible under the Second LTIP was
approximately $20.9 million. No compensation expense has been recorded to date under the LTIPs. The total potential value to be delivered under the LTIPs is expected to change in the future for several reasons, including the addition of more
eligible employees to the LTIPs.     Revenue Recognition   
 The Company s revenues are comprised of ADCETRIS net product sales, amounts earned under its collaboration and licensing agreements and
royalties. Revenue recognition is predicated upon persuasive evidence of an agreement existing, delivery of products or services being rendered, amounts payable being fixed or determinable, and collectibility being reasonably assured.  
  Net product sales     The
Company sells ADCETRIS through a limited number of pharmaceutical distributors in the U.S. and Canada. Customers order ADCETRIS through these distributors and the Company typically ships product directly to the customer. The Company records product
sales when title and risk of loss pass, which generally occurs upon delivery of the product to the customer. Product sales are recorded net of estimated government-mandated rebates and chargebacks, distribution fees, estimated product returns and
other deductions. Accruals are established for these deductions and actual amounts incurred are offset against applicable accruals. The Company reflects these accruals as either a reduction in the related account receivable from the distributor, or
as an accrued liability depending on the nature of the sales deduction. Sales deductions are based on management s estimates that consider payer mix in target markets and experience to date. These estimates involve a substantial degree of
judgment.     Government-mandated rebates and chargebacks : The Company has entered into a Medicaid Drug Rebate Agreement, or MDRA,
with the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services. This agreement provides for a rebate based on covered purchases of ADCETRIS. Medicaid rebates are invoiced to the Company by the various state Medicaid programs. The Company estimates
Medicaid rebates based on a variety of factors, including its experience to date. The Company has also completed a Federal Supply Schedule, or FSS, agreement under which certain U.S. government purchasers receive a discount on eligible purchases of
ADCETRIS. The Company has entered into a Pharmaceutical Pricing Agreement with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, which enables certain entities that qualify for government pricing under the Public Health Services Act, or PHS, to receive
discounts on their qualified purchases of ADCETRIS. Under these agreements, distributors process a chargeback to the Company for the difference between wholesale acquisition cost and the applicable discounted price. As a result of the Company s
direct-ship distribution model, it can determine the entities purchasing ADCETRIS and this information enables the Company to estimate expected chargebacks for FSS and PHS purchases based on each entity s eligibility for the FSS and PHS
programs. The Company also reviews historical rebate and chargeback information to further refine these estimates.     Distribution fees,
product returns and other deductions : The Company s distributors charge a volume-based fee for distribution services that they perform for the Company. The Company allows for the return of product that is within 30 days of its expiration
date or that is damaged. The Company estimates product returns based on its experience to date. In addition, the Company considers its direct-ship distribution model, its belief that product is typically not held in the distribution channel, and the
expected rapid use of the product by healthcare providers. The Company provides financial assistance to qualifying patients that are underinsured or cannot cover the cost of commercial coinsurance amounts through SeaGen Secure. SeaGen Secure is
available to patients in the U.S. and its territories who meet various financial and treatment need criteria. Estimated contributions for commercial coinsurance under SeaGen Secure are deducted from gross sales and are based on an analysis of
expected plan utilization. These estimates are adjusted as necessary to reflect the Company s actual experience.     Collaboration
and license agreement revenues     The Company has developed a proprietary technology for linking cytotoxic agents to monoclonal
antibodies called antibody- drug conjugates, or ADCs. This proprietary technology is the basis of ADC collaborations that the Company has entered into in the ordinary course of its business with a number of biotechnology and pharmaceutical
companies. Under these ADC collaboration agreements, the Company grants its collaborators research and commercial licenses to the Company s technology and provides technology transfer services, technical advice, supplies and services for a
period of time.    If there are continuing performance obligations, the Company uses a time-based proportional performance model to
recognize revenue over the Company s performance period for the related agreement. Collaboration and license agreements are evaluated to determine whether the multiple elements and associated deliverables can be considered separate units of
accounting. To date, the pre-commercial  
      7  

Table of Contents  

deliverables under the Company s collaboration and license agreements have not qualified as separate units of accounting. The assessment of multiple element arrangements requires judgment in
order to determine the appropriate point in time, or period of time, that revenue should be recognized. The Company believes that the development period in each agreement is a reasonable estimate of the performance obligation period of such
agreement. Accordingly, all amounts received or due, including any upfront payments, maintenance fees, development and regulatory milestone payments and reimbursement payments, are recognized as revenue over the performance obligation periods of
each agreement. These performance obligation periods typically range from one to three years. The agreements with Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, or Takeda, and Genentech, Inc., a member of the Roche Group, or Genentech, have performance
obligation periods of ten and seventeen years, respectively. All of the remaining performance obligation periods for our active collaborations are currently expected to be completed in four years or less. When no performance obligations are required
of the Company, or following the completion of the performance obligation period, such amounts are recognized as revenue when collectibility is reasonably assured. Generally, all amounts received or due other than sales-based milestones and
royalties are classified as collaboration and license agreement revenues as they are earned. Sales-based milestones and royalties are recognized as royalty revenue as they are reported to the Company.  
 The Company s collaboration and license agreements include contractual milestones. Generally, the milestone events contained in the
Company s collaboration and license agreements coincide with the progression of the collaborators  product candidates from development, to regulatory approval and then to commercialization and fall into the following categories.  
 Development milestones in the Company s collaborations may include the following types of events:  

Designation of a product candidate or initiation of preclinical studies. The Company s collaborators must undertake significant preclinical research and studies to make a determination of the suitability of a
product candidate and the time from those studies or designation to initiation of a clinical trial may take several years.        

Initiation of a phase 1 clinical trial. Generally, phase 1 clinical trials may take one to two years to complete.        

Initiation of a phase 2 clinical trial. Generally, phase 2 clinical trials may take one to three years to complete.        

Initiation of a phase 3 clinical trial. Generally, phase 3 clinical trials may take two to six years to complete.    
 Regulatory milestones in the Company s collaborations may include the following types of events:  

Filing of regulatory applications for marketing approval such as a Biologics License Application in the United States or a Marketing Authorization Application in Europe. Generally, it may take up to twelve months to
prepare and submit regulatory filings.        

Receiving marketing approval in a major market, such as in the United States, Europe, Japan or other significant countries. Generally it may take up to three years after a marketing application is submitted to obtain
approval for marketing and pricing from the applicable regulatory agency.      Commercialization milestones in the
Company s collaborations may include the following types of events:      

First commercial sale in a particular market, such as in the United States, Europe, Japan or other significant countries.        

Product sales in excess of a pre-specified threshold. The amount of time to achieve this type of milestone depends on several factors, including, but not limited to, the dollar amount of the threshold, the pricing of
the product, market penetration of the product and the rate at which customers begin using the product.      The Company s
ADC collaborators are solely responsible for the development of their product candidates and the achievement of milestones in any of the categories identified above is based solely on the collaborators  efforts.  
 In the case of the Company s ADCETRIS collaboration with Takeda, the Company may be involved in certain development activities; however,
the achievement of milestone events under the agreement is primarily based on activities undertaken by Takeda.    The process of
successfully developing a product candidate, obtaining regulatory approval and ultimately commercializing a product candidate is highly uncertain and the attainment of any milestones is therefore uncertain and difficult to predict. In addition,
since the Company does not take a substantive role or control the research, development or commercialization of any products generated by its ADC collaborators, the Company is not able to reasonably estimate when, if at all, any milestone payments
or royalties may be payable to the Company by its ADC collaborators. As such, the milestone payments associated with its ADC collaborations involve a substantial degree of uncertainty and risk that they may never be received. Similarly, even in
those collaborations where the Company may have an active role in the development of the product candidate, such as the Company s ADCETRIS collaboration with Takeda, the attainment of a milestone is based on the collaborator s activities
and is generally outside the direction and control of the Company.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  The Company generally invoices its collaborators and licensees on a monthly or quarterly basis,
or upon the completion of the effort or achievement of a milestone, based on the terms of each agreement. Deferred revenue arises from amounts received in advance of the culmination of the earnings process and is recognized as revenue in future
periods when the applicable revenue recognition criteria have been met. Deferred revenue expected to be recognized within the next twelve months is classified as a current liability.  
  Royalty revenues and cost of royalty revenues   
 Royalty revenues primarily reflect amounts earned under the ADCETRIS collaboration with Takeda. These royalties include sales royalties, which
are based on a percentage of Takeda s net sales at rates that range from the mid-teens to the mid-twenties based on sales volume, and commercial sales-based milestones. Takeda bears a portion of third-party royalty costs owed on its sales of
ADCETRIS. This amount is included in royalty revenue in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Cost of royalty revenues reflects amounts owed to the Company s third party licensors related to Takeda s sales of ADCETRIS.
These amounts are recognized in the quarter in which Takeda reports its sales activity to the Company, which is the quarter following the related sales. Royalty revenues also include amounts earned in connection with the Company s ADC
collaborations.     Recent accounting pronouncements   
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued an Accounting Standards Update entitled  ASU 2014-09,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The standard requires entities to recognize revenue through an evaluation that includes identification of the contract, identification of the performance obligations, determination of the transaction
price, allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations, and recognition of revenue as the entity satisfies the performance obligations. In August 2015, FASB issued an Accounting Standards Update entitled  ASU 2015-14, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date , which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 to the Company s fiscal year beginning January 1, 2018. The FASB has continued to issue accounting standards updates to
clarify and provide implementation guidance related to Revenue from Contracts with Customers, including  ASU 2016-08, Revenue from Contract with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations ,  ASU 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , and  ASU 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  The Company is currently evaluating the guidance to
determine the potential impact on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and financial statement disclosures.    In
January 2016, FASB issued an Accounting Standards Update entitled  ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments: Overall.  The standard addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The
standard will become effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the guidance to determine the potential impact on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and financial
statement disclosures.    In February 2016, FASB issued an Accounting Standards Update entitled  ASU 2016-02, Leases.  The
standard requires entities to recognize in the consolidated balance sheet a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The standard will become effective for the
Company beginning January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the guidance to determine the potential impact on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and financial statement
disclosures.    In March 2016, FASB issued an Accounting Standard Update entitled  ASU 2016-09, Compensation   Stock
Compensation.  The standard is intended to simplify certain elements of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax impact, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the
statement of cash flows. The standards will become effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the guidance to determine the potential impact on its financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows, and financial statement disclosures.    In June 2016, FASB issued an Accounting Standard
Update entitled  ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments: Credit Losses . The objective of the standard is to provide information about expected credit losses on financial instruments at each reporting date, and to change how other than
temporary impairments on investments securities are recorded. The standard will become effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2020 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the guidance to determine the
potential impact on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and financial statement disclosures.     2. Net loss per share   
 Basic and diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
period. The Company excluded all restricted stock units and options to purchase common stock from the  
      9  

Table of Contents  

calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share as such securities are anti-dilutive for all periods presented. The weighted-average number of restricted stock units and options to purchase
common stock that have been excluded from the number of shares used to calculate basic and diluted net loss per share totaled 13,272,000 and 11,625,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 12,714,000 and
11,743,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.     3. Investments   
 Investments consisted of available-for-sale securities as follows (in thousands):  
   
   The Company classifies investments maturing within one year of the reporting date as short-term investments.
Investments are presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as follows (in thousands):      
   The aggregate estimated fair value of the Company s investments with unrealized losses was as follows (in
thousands):      
 
      10  

Table of Contents  

   4. Fair value   
 The Company holds short-term and long-term available-for-sale securities that are measured at fair value which is determined on a recurring
basis according to a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs and assumptions used, and the valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described as follows:  

Level 1: 
 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.    

Level 2: 
 Quoted prices in markets that are not active or financial instruments for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly.    

Level 3: 
 Prices or valuations that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable.    
 The determination of a financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on an assessment of the lowest level of any
input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company considers observable data to be market data which is readily available, regularly distributed or updated, reliable and verifiable, not proprietary, and provided by independent
sources that are actively involved in the relevant market.    Level 1 investments, which include investments that are valued based on quoted
market prices in active markets, consisted of U.S. Treasury securities. The Company did not hold any Level 2 or 3 investments as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015 and did not transfer any investments between Levels 1, 2 and 3
during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016.    The following table presents the Company s available-for-sale securities
by level within the fair value hierarchy for the periods presented (in thousands):      
 
      11  

Table of Contents  

   5. Inventories   
 The following table presents the Company s inventories of ADCETRIS (in thousands):  
   
   The Company capitalizes ADCETRIS inventory costs. ADCETRIS inventory that is deployed into clinical, research
or development use is charged to research and development expense when it is no longer available for use in commercial sales. The Company does not capitalize manufacturing costs for any of its product candidates.  
  6. Legal matters     The Company is involved
in various legal proceedings in the normal course of its business. The Company does not expect any current legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. Legal fees incurred as a result of the Company s
involvement in legal procedures are expensed as incurred.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
  Forward-Looking Statements      The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  forward-looking statements  for
purposes of these provisions, including those relating to future events or our future financial performance and financial guidance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   might, 
 will,   should,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   project,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   potential,   intend  or
 continue,  the negative of terms like these or other comparable terminology, and other words or terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. These statements are only
predictions. All forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements except as required by
law. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this document may turn out to be incorrect. Actual events or results may differ materially. Our forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q in greater detail under the heading  Item 1A Risk Factors.  We caution investors
that our business and financial performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties.      Overview   
 Seattle Genetics is a biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of targeted therapies for the treatment of cancer.
Our marketed product ADCETRIS   , or brentuximab vedotin, is now approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and the European Commission for three indications,
encompassing several settings for the treatment of relapsed Hodgkin lymphoma and relapsed systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma, or sALCL. ADCETRIS is commercially available in 65 countries around the world, including in the United States, Canada,
members of the European Union and Japan. We are collaborating with Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, or Takeda, to develop and commercialize ADCETRIS on a global basis. Under this collaboration, Seattle Genetics retains commercial rights for
ADCETRIS in the United States and its territories and in Canada, and Takeda has commercial rights in the rest of the world.    Beyond our
current labeled indications, we and Takeda have a broad development strategy for ADCETRIS evaluating its therapeutic potential in earlier lines of therapy for patients with Hodgkin lymphoma or mature T-cell lymphoma, or MTCL, including sALCL, and in
other CD30-expressing malignancies. We and Takeda are currently conducting three phase 3 clinical trials of ADCETRIS: ALCANZA, ECHELON-1 and ECHELON-2. The specifics of these clinical trials are as follows:  
  ALCANZA.  This is a phase 3 randomized trial comparing single agent ADCETRIS to either methotrexate or bexarotene in 131 patients with
CD30-expressing cutaneous T-cell lymphoma, or CTCL, who have previously failed at least one systemic therapy. In August 2016, we reported that the ALCANZA trial met its primary endpoint and showed that treatment with ADCETRIS resulted in a
statistically significant improvement in the rate of objective response lasting at least four months (ORR4) versus the control arm as assessed by an independent review committee (p-value  0.0001). The key secondary endpoints specified in the
protocol for the ALCANZA trial, including complete response rate, progression-free survival, or PFS, and reduction in the burden of symptoms during treatment, were all statistically significant in favor of the ADCETRIS arm. The safety profile
associated with ADCETRIS from the ALCANZA trial was generally consistent with the existing prescribing information. An abstract has been accepted for an oral presentation of the full ALCANZA data set at the American Society of Hematology, or ASH,
annual meeting to be held in December 2016, and we plan to submit a supplemental Biologics License Application, or sBLA, to the FDA in the first half of 2017 to seek approval for a new indication in the ALCANZA treatment setting.  
  ECHELON-1 . This is a phase 3 randomized trial evaluating the frontline standard of care, ABVD (adriamycin, bleomycin, vinblastine and
dacarbazine), versus ADCETRIS plus AVD (removing bleomycin from the regimen) in newly diagnosed classical Hodgkin lymphoma patients. The primary endpoint of this trial is modified PFS, per independent review facility assessment. We completed target
patient enrollment of approximately 1,300 patients in this trial during October 2015, and expect to report data in 2017.  
  ECHELON-2 . This is a phase 3 randomized trial evaluating the frontline standard of care, CHOP (cyclophosphamide, adriamycin,
vincristine and prednisone) versus ADCETRIS plus CHP (removing vincristine from the regimen) in newly diagnosed MTCL patients. The primary endpoint of this trial is PFS, per independent review facility assessment. We expect to complete enrollment of
approximately 450 patients in this trial during 2016, and to report data in the 2017 to 2018 timeframe. ECHELON-2 is a required post-approval study to convert the approval of ADCETRIS in the United States from accelerated approval to regular
approval in its currently approved relapsed sALCL indication; however, we believe, based on prior discussions with the FDA, that positive results from either the ECHELON-1 or the ECHELON-2 trial could form the basis for such a conversion.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  All of these trials are being conducted under Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, agreements
with the FDA and pursuant to scientific advice from the European Medicines Agency. An SPA is an agreement with the FDA regarding the design of the clinical trial, including size and clinical endpoints, to support an efficacy claim in a Biologics
License Application, or BLA, submission to the FDA if the trial achieves its primary endpoints.    We are also advancing the development of
SGN-CD33A, or vadastuximab talirine. A phase 3 clinical trial, called the CASCADE trial, was initiated in the second quarter of 2016 based on data from our ongoing phase 1 clinical trial. The CASCADE trial is evaluating SGN-CD33A in combination with
hypomethylating agents, or HMAs, in previously untreated older patients with acute myeloid leukemia, or AML, who are not candidates for intensive induction chemotherapy. We are also evaluating SGN-CD33A broadly across multiple lines of therapy in
patients with myeloid malignancies, including in ongoing phase 1 and 2 clinical trials for newly diagnosed or relapsed AML patients and for previously untreated myelodysplastic syndrome, or MDS, patients.  
 In addition, in collaboration with Astellas Pharma, Inc., or Astellas, we are developing ASG-22ME, or enfortumab vedotin. In October 2016, we
reported interim data at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress from a phase 1 dose-escalation trial of ASG-22ME in patients with previously treated metastatic urothelial cancer, including those who had received prior checkpoint
inhibitors. At the recommended phase 2 dose, ASG-22ME demonstrated an objective response rate of 59 percent in 10 of 17 patients (all partial responses) and was generally well-tolerated. We are working with Astellas to define next steps for
ASG-22ME, including potential later stage trials and discussions with regulatory agencies.    Our clinical-stage pipeline also includes five
other antibody-drug conjugate, or ADC, programs consisting of SGN-CD19A, or denintuzumab mafodotin, ASG-15ME, SGN-LIV1A, SGN-CD19B, and SGN-CD123A, and an immuno-oncology agent called SEA-CD40, which is based on our sugar-engineered antibody, or
SEA, technology. In addition, we have multiple preclinical and research-stage programs that employ our proprietary technologies, including SGN-CD352A and SGN-CD48A, two preclinical ADC product candidates, as well as SGN-2FF, a small molocule
immuno-oncology agent, that we expect to enter clinical trials in the near future. We recently decided to discontinue development of SGN-CD70A, an ADC targeted to CD70, based on a portfolio review and evaluation of clinical data of SG-CD70A in renal
cell carcinoma and CD70-positive non-Hodgkin lymphoma.    We have collaborations for our ADC technology with a number of biotechnology and
pharmaceutical companies, including AbbVie Biotechnology Ltd., or AbbVie; Bayer Pharma AG, or Bayer; Celldex Therapeutics, Inc., or Celldex; Genentech, Inc., a member of the Roche Group, or Genentech; GlaxoSmithKline LLC, or GSK; Pfizer, Inc., or
Pfizer; PSMA Development Company LLC, a subsidiary of Progenics Pharmaceuticals Inc., or Progenics; and Takeda. In addition, we have entered into a 50/50 co-development agreement with Astellas for the development of ADCs, including ASG-22ME. We also
have an ADC co-development agreement with Genmab A/S, or Genmab, and a collaboration with Unum Therapeutics, Inc., or Unum, to develop and commercialize novel antibody-coupled T-cell receptor, or ACTR, therapies incorporating our antibodies for the
treatment of cancer.    Our ongoing research, development and commercial activities will require substantial amounts of capital and may not
ultimately be successful. Over the next several years, we expect that we will incur substantial expenses, primarily as a result of activities related to the commercialization of ADCETRIS, and the continued development of ADCETRIS and SGN-CD33A. Our
other product candidates are in relatively early stages of development; SGN-CD33A and our other product candidates will require significant further development, financial resources and personnel to pursue and obtain regulatory approval and develop
into commercially viable products, if at all. Our commitment of resources to the continuing development, regulatory and commercialization activities for ADCETRIS and the research, continued development and manufacturing of our product candidates may
require us to raise substantial amounts of additional capital and our operating expenses will fluctuate as a result of such activities. In addition, we may incur significant milestone payment obligations to certain of our licensors as our product
candidates progress through clinical trials towards potential commercialization.    We recognize revenue from ADCETRIS product sales in the
United States and Canada. Our future ADCETRIS product sales will be difficult to accurately predict from period to period. In this regard, our product sales have varied, and may continue to vary, significantly from period to period and may be
affected by a variety of factors. Such factors include the incidence rate of new patients in ADCETRIS  approved indications, customer ordering patterns, the overall level of demand for ADCETRIS, the duration of therapy for patients receiving
ADCETRIS, and the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for ADCETRIS is available from government and other third-party payers. Obtaining and maintaining appropriate coverage and reimbursement for ADCETRIS is increasingly challenging due to,
among other things, the attention being paid to healthcare cost containment and other austerity measures in the U.S. and worldwide, as well as increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to pharmaceutical drug
pricing practices. We also believe that the level of our current ADCETRIS sales in the United States has been attributable to the incidence flow of patients eligible for treatment with ADCETRIS, which can vary significantly from period to period.
Moreover, we  
      14  

Table of Contents  

believe that the incidence rate in ADCETRIS  approved indications is relatively low, particularly when compared to many other oncology indications. For these and other reasons, we expect
that our ability to accelerate ADCETRIS sales growth, if at all, will depend primarily on our ability to continue to expand ADCETRIS  labeled indications of use. Our efforts to continue to expand ADCETRIS  labeled indications of use will
continue to require additional time and investment in clinical trials to complete and may not be successful. Our ability to successfully commercialize ADCETRIS and to continue to expand its labeled indications of use are subject to a number of risks
and uncertainties, including those discussed in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In particular, negative or inconclusive results in our ECHELON-1 and ECHELON-2 trials would negatively impact, or preclude altogether, our
ability to obtain regulatory approval in the frontline Hodgkin lymphoma, and frontline MTCL indications, respectively, either of which could limit our sales of, and the commercial potential of, ADCETRIS. We also expect that amounts earned from our
collaboration agreements, including royalties, will continue to be an important source of our revenues and cash flows. These revenues will be impacted by future development funding and the achievement of development, clinical and commercial success
by our collaborators under our existing collaboration and license agreements, including our ADCETRIS collaboration with Takeda, as well as by entering into potential new collaboration and license agreements. Our results of operations may vary
substantially from year to year and from quarter to quarter and, as a result, we believe that period to period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as being indicative of our future performance.
    Financial summary   
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, total revenues increased to $312.9 million, compared to $243.3 million for the same period
in 2015. This increase was driven primarily by increased ADCETRIS net product sales and royalty revenues. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, royalty revenues included a one-time $20.0 million milestone payment triggered by Takeda
exceeding $200 million in annual net sales of ADCETRIS in its territory during 2015. Net product sales of ADCETRIS were $195.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $163.0 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, total costs and expenses increased to $399.7 million, compared to $339.1 million for the same period in 2015. This primarily reflects increases in our investment in
SGN-CD33A and increased ADCETRIS collaboration activities for product supply to Takeda, as well as investment in our growing pipeline of preclinical and clinical-stage programs. As of September 30, 2016, we had $631.9 million in cash, cash
equivalents and investments, and $662.3 million in total stockholders  equity.      Results of operations    
  Three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
   Net product sales    
 We sell ADCETRIS in the U.S. and Canada. Our net product sales were as follows:  
   
   The increase in net product sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the
comparable periods in 2015 primarily resulted from an increase in sales volume in the 2016 periods and, to a lesser extent, from the effect of price increases instituted since the 2015 periods. The increase in sales volume in 2016 was primarily
driven by increased use of ADCETRIS across multiple lines of therapy for the treatment of Hodgkin lymphoma including the post-autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, or auto-HSCT, consolidation indication and for treatment of other
CD30-expressing malignancies. ADCETRIS received approval from the FDA in 2011 for the treatment of patients with classical Hodgkin lymphoma after failure of auto-HSCT or after failure of at least two prior multi-agent chemotherapy regimens in
patients who are not auto-HSCT candidates, and for the treatment of patients with sALCL, after failure of at least one prior multi-agent chemotherapy regimen. In August 2015, ADCETRIS was approved by the FDA for the treatment of patients with
classical Hodgkin lymphoma at high risk of relapse or progression as post-auto-HSCT consolidation.    While we continue to expect modest
growth in ADCETRIS sales in 2016 as compared to 2015, our ability to accelerate the rate of ADCETRIS sales growth in future periods, if at all, will be primarily dependent on our ability to continue to expand ADCETRIS  labeled indications of
use. Our efforts to expand ADCETRIS  labeled indications of use will continue to require additional time and investment in clinical trials to complete and may not be successful.  
 We sell ADCETRIS through a limited number of pharmaceutical distributors. Customers order ADCETRIS through these distributors and we typically
ship product directly to the customer. We record product sales when title and risk of loss pass, which generally occurs upon delivery of the product to the customer. Product sales are recorded net of estimated government-mandated
 
      15  

Table of Contents  

rebates and chargebacks, distribution fees, estimated product returns and other deductions. These are generally referred to as
  gross-to-net   deductions. Accruals are established for these deductions and actual amounts incurred are offset against applicable accruals. We reflect these accruals as
either a reduction in the related account receivable from the distributor, or as an accrued liability depending on the nature of the sales deduction. Sales deductions are based on our estimates that consider payer mix in target markets and our
experience to date. These estimates involve a substantial degree of judgment.     Government-mandated rebates and chargebacks:  We have
entered into a Medicaid Drug Rebate Agreement with the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services. This agreement provides for a rebate to participating states based on covered purchases of ADCETRIS. Medicaid rebates are invoiced to us by the
various state Medicaid programs. We estimate Medicaid rebates based on a variety of factors, including our experience to date. We also have completed our Federal Supply Schedule, or FSS, agreement under which certain U.S. government purchasers
receive a discount on eligible purchases of ADCETRIS. We have entered into a Pharmaceutical Pricing Agreement with the Secretary of Health and Human Services which enables certain entities that qualify for government pricing under the Public Health
Services Act, or PHS, to receive discounts on their qualified purchases of ADCETRIS. Under these agreements, distributors process a chargeback to us for the difference between wholesale acquisition cost and the applicable discounted price. As a
result of our direct-ship distribution model, we can identify the entities purchasing ADCETRIS and this information enables us to estimate expected chargebacks for FSS and PHS purchases based on each entity s eligibility for the FSS and PHS
programs. We also review actual rebate and chargeback information to further refine these estimates.     Distribution fees, product
returns and other deductions:  Our distributors charge a volume-based fee for distribution services that they perform for us. We allow for the return of product that is within 30 days of its expiration date or that is damaged. We estimate product
returns based on our experience to date. In addition, we consider our direct-ship distribution model, our belief that product is typically not held in the distribution channel, and the expected rapid use of the product by healthcare providers. We
provide financial assistance to qualifying patients that are underinsured or cannot cover the cost of commercial coinsurance amounts through SeaGen Secure. SeaGen Secure is available to patients in the U.S. and its territories who meet various
financial and treatment need criteria. Estimated contributions for commercial coinsurance under SeaGen Secure are deducted from gross sales and are based on an analysis of expected plan utilization. These estimates are adjusted as necessary to
reflect our actual experience.    Gross-to-net deductions, net of related payments and credits, are summarized as follows (in thousands):
     
   Mandatory government discounts are the most significant component of our total gross to net deductions and the
discount percentage has been increasing. These discount percentages increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the comparable periods in 2015 as a result of price increases we instituted that exceeded the rate of
inflation, and to a lesser extent, as a result of an increase in sales eligible for government mandated rebates or chargebacks. Generally, the change in government prices is limited to the rate of inflation. We expect future gross-to-net deductions
to fluctuate based on the volume of purchases eligible for government mandated discounts and rebates, as well as changes in the discount percentage which is impacted by potential future price increases, the rate of inflation, and other factors.  
   Collaboration and license agreement revenues    
 Our proprietary ADC technologies are the basis of our ADC collaborations that we have entered into in the ordinary course of business with a
number of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Under these ADC collaboration agreements, we grant our collaborators research and commercial licenses to our technology and typically provide technology transfer services, technical advice,
supplies and services for a period of time.    If there are continuing performance obligations, we use a time-based proportional performance
model to recognize revenue over our performance period for the related agreement. Collaboration and license agreements are evaluated to determine whether the multiple elements and associated deliverables can be considered separate units of
accounting. To date, the pre-commercial deliverables under our collaboration and license agreements have not qualified as separate units of accounting. The assessment of multiple element arrangements requires judgment in order to determine the
appropriate point in time, or period of time, that revenue  
      16  

Table of Contents  

should be recognized. We believe that the development period in each agreement is a reasonable estimate of the performance obligation period of such agreement. Accordingly, all amounts received
or due, including any upfront payments, maintenance fees, development and regulatory milestone payments and reimbursement payments, are recognized as revenue over the performance obligation periods of each agreement. These performance obligation
periods typically range from one to three years. The agreements with Takeda and Genentech have performance obligation periods of ten and seventeen years, respectively. All of the remaining performance obligation periods for our active collaborations
are currently expected to be completed in four years or less. When we have no further performance obligations or following the completion of the performance obligation period, such amounts are recognized as revenue when collectibility is reasonably
assured. Generally, all amounts received or due other than sales-based milestones and royalties are classified as collaboration and license agreement revenues as they are earned. Sales-based milestones and royalties are recognized as royalty revenue
as they are reported to us.    Our collaboration and license agreements include contractual milestones. Generally, the milestone events
contained in our collaboration and license agreements coincide with the progression of the collaborators  product candidates from development to regulatory approval and then to commercialization.  
 Development milestones in our collaborations may include the following types of events:  

Designation of a product candidate or initiation of preclinical studies. Our collaborators must undertake significant  pre-clinical  research and studies to make a determination of
the suitability of a product candidate and the time from those studies or designation to initiation of a clinical trial may take several years.        

Initiation of a phase 1 clinical trial. Generally, phase 1 clinical trials may take one to two years to complete.        

Initiation of a phase 2 clinical trial. Generally, phase 2 clinical trials may take one to three years to complete.        

Initiation of a phase 3 clinical trial. Generally, phase 3 clinical trials may take two to six years to complete.    
 Regulatory milestones in our collaborations may include the following types of events:  

Filing of regulatory applications for marketing approval such as a BLA in the United States or a Marketing Authorization Application in Europe. Generally, it may take up to twelve months to prepare and submit regulatory
filings.        

Receiving marketing approval in a major market, such as in the United States, Europe, Japan or other significant countries. Generally it may take up to three years after a marketing application is submitted to obtain
approval for marketing and pricing from the applicable regulatory agency.      Commercialization milestones in our
collaborations may include the following types of events:      

First commercial sale in a particular market, such as in the United States, Europe, Japan or other significant countries.        

Product sales in excess of a pre-specified threshold. The amount of time to achieve this type of milestone depends on several factors, including, but not limited to, the dollar amount of the threshold, the pricing of
the product, market penetration of the product and the rate at which customers begin using the product.      Our ADC
collaborators are solely responsible for the development of their product candidates and the achievement of milestones in any of the categories identified above is based solely on the collaborators  efforts.  
 In the case of our ADCETRIS collaboration with Takeda, we may be involved in certain development activities; however, the achievement of
development, regulatory and commercial milestone events under the agreement is primarily based on activities undertaken by Takeda.    The
process of successfully developing a product candidate, obtaining regulatory approval and ultimately commercializing a product candidate is highly uncertain and the attainment of any milestones is therefore uncertain and difficult to predict. In
addition, since we do not take a substantive role or control the research, development or commercialization of any products generated by our ADC collaborators, we are not able to reasonably estimate when, if at all, any milestone payments or
royalties may be payable to us by our ADC collaborators. As such, the milestone payments associated with our ADC collaborations involve a substantial degree of uncertainty and risk that they may never be received. Similarly, even in those
collaborations where we may have an active role in the development of the product candidate, such as our ADCETRIS collaboration with Takeda, the attainment of a milestone is based on the collaborator s activities and is generally outside our
direction and control.    We generally invoice our collaborators and licensees on a monthly or quarterly basis, or upon the completion of
the effort or achievement of a milestone, based on the terms of each agreement. Any deferred revenue arising from amounts received in advance of the culmination of the earnings process is recognized as revenue in future periods when the applicable
revenue recognition criteria have been met. Deferred revenue expected to be recognized within the next twelve months is classified as a current liability.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  Collaboration and license agreement revenues by collaborator are summarized as follows:  
   
   Collaboration revenues earned under our ADCETRIS collaboration with Takeda increased during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 from the comparable periods in 2015, primarily driven by an increase in the earned portion of reimbursement funding under the ADCETRIS collaboration. The higher reimbursement primarily reflects a decrease in
clinical trial costs related to activity performed by Takeda as the ALCANZA and ECHELON-1 studies advanced, and an increase in drug product supply activities to Takeda.  
 Changes in revenues recognized from our AbbVie and other collaboration agreements, which include our ADC collaborations and our co-development
collaborations, reflect the timing of development milestones and licensing fees. Our collaboration and license agreement revenues are impacted by the term and duration of our collaboration agreements and by progress-dependent milestones, annual
maintenance fees and reimbursement of materials and support services. Collaboration and license agreement revenues may vary substantially from year to year and quarter to quarter depending on the progress made by our collaborators with their product
candidates, the level of support we provide to our collaborators, specifically to Takeda under our ADCETRIS collaboration, the timing of milestones achieved and our ability to enter into additional collaboration and co-development agreements. We
continue to expect our collaboration and license agreement revenues to increase in 2016 as compared to 2015, primarily from an increase in development funding from Takeda resulting from development and product supply activities expected to be
performed by us under the ADCETRIS collaboration. We have a significant balance of deferred revenue, representing prior payments from our collaborators that have not yet been recognized as revenue. This deferred revenue will be recognized as revenue
in future periods using a time-based approach as we fulfill our performance obligations.      Collaboration Agreements    
  Takeda     Our ADCETRIS
collaboration with Takeda provides for the global co-development of ADCETRIS by the companies and the commercialization of ADCETRIS by Takeda in its territory. We received an upfront payment and have received and are entitled to receive
progress-dependent milestone payments based on Takeda s achievement of certain events related to ADCETRIS development. Additionally, the companies equally co-fund the cost of development activities conducted under the collaboration. We
recognize as collaboration revenue the upfront payment, progress-dependent development and regulatory milestone payments, and net development cost reimbursement payments from Takeda over the ten-year development period of the collaboration, which
began in December 2009. When the performance of development activities under the collaboration results in us making a reimbursement payment to Takeda, the effect is to reduce the amount of collaboration revenue that we record. We also receive
reimbursement for the cost of drug product supplied to Takeda for its use and, in some cases, pay Takeda for drug product they supply to us. The earned portion of net collaboration payments is reflected as a component of collaboration and license
agreement revenues.    As of September 30, 2016, future potential milestone payments to us under the ADCETRIS collaboration could total
approximately $165 million. Of the remaining amount, up to approximately $7 million relates to the achievement of development milestones, up to approximately $118 million relates to the achievement of regulatory milestones and up to approximately
$40 million relates to the achievement of a commercial milestone. To date, $70 million in milestones have been achieved as a result of regulatory and commercial progress by Takeda.  
  Astellas Co-development Agreement   
 In January 2007, we entered into an agreement with Astellas to jointly research, develop and commercialize ADCs for the treatment of several
types of cancer. The collaboration encompasses combinations of our ADC technology with fully-human antibodies developed by Astellas to proprietary cancer targets.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  Under the collaboration agreement, we and Astellas are co-funding all development and
commercialization costs for ASG-22ME and ASG-15ME, and will share in any profits that may come from these product candidates if successfully commercialized on a 50/50 basis. Costs associated with co-development activities are included in research
and development expense.    Astellas is developing another ADC product candidate on its own, subject to paying us annual maintenance fees,
milestones, royalties and support fees for research and development services and material provided under the collaboration agreement. Amounts received for product candidates being developed solely by Astellas are recognized as revenue.  
  ADC Collaboration Agreements   
 We have other active collaborations with a number of companies to allow them to use our proprietary ADC technology. Under our ADC
collaborations, which we enter into in the ordinary course of business, we typically receive or are entitled to receive upfront cash payments, progress-dependent milestones and royalties on net sales of products incorporating our ADC technology, as
well as annual maintenance fees and support fees for research and development services and materials provided under the agreements. These amounts are recognized as revenue as they are realized, or over the performance obligation period of the
agreements during which we provide limited support to the collaborator. Our ADC collaborators are responsible for development, manufacturing and commercialization of any ADC product candidates that result from the collaborations and are solely
responsible for the achievement of the potential milestones under these collaborations.    As of September 30, 2016, our ADC
collaborations and co-development agreements had generated more than $350 million, primarily in the form of upfront payments. Total milestone payments to us under our current ADC collaboration and co-development agreements could total up to
approximately $3.4 billion if all potential product candidates achieved all of their milestone events. Of this amount, approximately $0.5 billion relates to the achievement of development milestones, approximately $1.3 billion relates to the
achievement of regulatory milestones and approximately $1.6 billion relates to the achievement of commercial milestones. Since we do not control the research, development or commercialization of any of the products that would generate these
milestones, we are not able to reasonably estimate when, if at all, any milestone payments or royalties may be payable by our collaborators. Successfully developing a product candidate, obtaining regulatory approval and ultimately commercializing it
is a significantly lengthy and highly uncertain process which entails a significant risk of failure. In addition, business combinations, changes in a collaborator s business strategy and financial difficulties or other factors could result and
have resulted in a collaborator abandoning or delaying development of its product candidates. As such, the milestone payments associated with our ADC collaborations and co-development agreements involve a substantial degree of risk and may never be
received. Accordingly, we do not expect, and investors should not assume, that we will receive all of the potential milestone payments described above and it is possible that we may never receive any significant milestone payments under these
agreements.     Unum Therapeutics Collaboration   
 We have a strategic collaboration and license agreement with Unum to develop and commercialize novel ACTR therapies incorporating our
antibodies for cancer. We and Unum will initially develop two ACTR product candidates that combine Unum s ACTR technology with our antibodies, and we have an option to expand the collaboration to include a third ACTR product candidate upon
payment of an additional fee. Unum is obligated to conduct preclinical research and clinical development activities through phase 1 and we are obligated to provide funding for these activities. The agreement calls for us to work together to
co-develop and jointly fund programs after phase 1 unless either company opts out. Costs associated with co-development activities are included in research and development expense.  
 We and Unum would co-commercialize any successfully developed product candidates and share any profits 50/50 on any co- developed programs in
the United States. We retain exclusive commercial rights outside of the United States, paying Unum a royalty that is a high single digit to mid-teens percentage of ex-U.S. sales, if any. The potential future licensing and progress-dependent
milestone payments to Unum under the collaboration may total up to $615 million across all three ACTR programs, payment of which is triggered by the achievement of development, regulatory and commercial milestones.  
   Royalty Revenues and Cost of Royalty Revenues    
 Royalty revenues primarily reflect royalties paid to us by Takeda under the ADCETRIS collaboration. These royalties include commercial
sales-based milestones and sales royalties. The royalty rate paid by Takeda is calculated as a percentage of Takeda s net sales of ADCETRIS, ranges from the mid-teens to the mid-twenties depending on sales volumes, and resets annually. Takeda
bears a portion of third-party royalty costs owed on sales of ADCETRIS in its territory. This amount is included in our royalty revenues. Cost of royalty revenues reflect amounts owed to our third-party licensors related to the sale of ADCETRIS in
Takeda s territory.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  Our royalty revenues and cost of royalty revenues were as follows ($ in thousands):  
   
   Royalty revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased from the comparable period in
2015 primarily as a result of an increase in sales volumes of ADCETRIS by Takeda in its territory, and to a lesser extent, as a result of favorable foreign exchange rates. Royalty revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased
from the comparable period in 2015 primarily as a result of a one-time $20.0 million milestone payment in the first quarter of 2016 triggered by Takeda s achieving more than $200 million in annual net sales of ADCETRIS in its territory, and to
a lesser extent, an increase in sales volumes of ADCETRIS by Takeda in its territory. Takeda s international sales of ADCETRIS are converted to U.S. dollars for purposes of determining the amount of royalties payable to us and therefore, our
royalty revenues are subject to foreign exchange rate volatility.    Cost of royalty revenues fluctuates based on the amount of net sales of
ADCETRIS by Takeda in its territories. The increases in cost of royalty revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the 2015 periods reflect the increase in sales volumes by Takeda in its territory. We expect
that cost of royalties will increase in 2016 as compared to 2015, primarily as a result of increased commercialization efforts by Takeda in its territory.  
   Cost of Sales    
 ADCETRIS cost of sales includes manufacturing costs of product sold, third-party royalty costs, amortization of technology license costs, and
distribution and other costs.      
   Cost of sales increased during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
the same periods in 2015 primarily due to increased sales volumes. We continue to expect cost of sales to increase in 2016 as compared to 2015, primarily due to anticipated increases in sales volumes.  
   Research and development    
 Our research and development expenses are summarized as follows:      

(1) 
 The cost of pharmacology and toxicology studies from the 2015 periods have been reclassified from Clinical to Research to conform to our fiscal 2016 classification in the above table.    
 Research expenses include personnel, occupancy and laboratory expenses, technology access fees associated with the discovery and
identification of new monoclonal antibodies and related technologies, and the development of novel classes of stable linkers and cell-killing agents for our ADC technology. Research expenses also include research activities associated with our
product candidates, such as preclinical translational biology and  in vitro  and  in vivo  studies, and investigational new drug, or IND-enabling pharmacology and toxicology studies. The increase in research expenses during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 primarily reflects increases in staffing and laboratory costs to support our pipeline. The decrease in research expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
as compared to the same period in 2015 is primarily the result of a $25.0 million  
      20  

Table of Contents  

technology access fee related to the initiation of our collaboration agreement with Unum in June of 2015, offset partially by technology access fees paid in 2016 as we advanced product candidates
in our pipeline and an increase in cost reimbursements to Unum under our collaboration agreement.    Development and contract manufacturing
expenses include personnel and occupancy expenses, external contract manufacturing costs for the scale up and pre-approval manufacturing of drug product used in research and our clinical trials, and costs for drug product supplied to our
collaborators. Development and contract manufacturing expenses also include quality control and assurance activities, and storage and shipment of our product candidates. The increase in development and contract manufacturing expenses during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily reflects increased drug product supplied to Takeda, and to a lesser extent, increases in staffing and other costs to support our growing pipeline
of product candidates, and cost reimbursements to Astellas under our collaboration agreement.    Clinical expenses include personnel,
travel, occupancy costs, and external clinical trial costs including costs for clinical sites, clinical research organizations, contractors and regulatory activities associated with conducting human clinical trials. The increase in clinical expenses
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 is primarily driven by an increase in staffing, and to a lesser extent, clinical trial activity related to SGN-CD33A and our other product candidates. The
increase in clinical expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 reflects increased clinical trial activity related to our product candidates, primarily SGN-CD33A, and to a lesser extent,
related to increases in staffing.    We utilize our employee and infrastructure resources across multiple development projects as well as
our discovery and research programs directed towards identifying monoclonal antibodies and new classes of stable linkers and cell-killing agents for our ADC program. We track human resource efforts expended on many of our programs for purposes of
billing our collaborators for time incurred at agreed upon rates and for resource planning. We do not account for actual costs on a project-by-project basis as it relates to our infrastructure, facility, employee and other indirect costs. We do,
however, separately track significant third-party costs including clinical trial costs, manufacturing costs and other contracted service costs on a project-by-project basis.  
 The following table shows expenses incurred for research, contract manufacturing of our product candidates and clinical and regulatory
services provided by third parties as well as pre-commercial milestone payments for in-licensed technology for ADCETRIS and each of our clinical-stage product candidates. The table also presents other third-party costs and overhead consisting of
personnel, facilities and other indirect costs not directly charged to these development programs.      
   Third-party costs for ADCETRIS increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 from
the comparable periods in 2015 primarily as a result of an increase in drug product supplied to Takeda. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 third-party clinical trial costs also increased as compared to the same period in 2015 as we
evaluated the use of ADCETRIS in other lines of therapy.    Third-party costs for SGN-CD33A increased during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from the comparable periods in 2015 primarily due to an increase in clinical trial and drug resupply costs as we initiated additional phase 1/2 studies earlier in 2016 and incurred costs related to the CASCADE trial, which
began enrolling patients in the second quarter of 2016.    The increase in third-party costs of our other clinical stage programs during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the comparable periods in 2015 reflects the continued investment in our other pipeline products, which are primarily in phase 1 clinical trials.  
 Other costs and overhead include third-party costs of our other preclinical programs and costs associated with personnel and facilities. These
costs increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the comparable periods in 2015 primarily as a result of increases in staffing levels and the expansion of our facilities to accommodate our growth. The increase in
other costs and overhead for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was partially offset by a $25.0 million technology access fee related to the initiation of our collaboration agreement with Unum incurred in the second quarter of 2015.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  Our expenditures on our current preclinical and clinical development programs and on our future
preclinical and clinical development programs are subject to numerous uncertainties in timing and cost to completion. In order to advance our product candidates toward commercialization, the product candidates are tested in numerous preclinical
safety, toxicology and efficacy studies. We then conduct clinical trials for those product candidates that take several years or more to complete. The length of time varies substantially based upon the type, complexity, novelty and intended use of a
product candidate. Likewise, in order to expand ADCETRIS  labeled indications of use, we are required to conduct additional extensive clinical studies. The cost of clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project as a result of
a variety of factors, including:      

the number of patients required in our clinical trials;        

the length of time required to enroll trial participants;        

the number and location of sites included in the trials;        

the costs of producing supplies of the product candidates needed for clinical trials and regulatory submissions;        

the safety and efficacy profile of the product candidate;        

the use of clinical research organizations to assist with the management of the trials; and        

the costs and timing of, and the ability to secure, regulatory approvals.      We continue to
anticipate that our total research and development expenses in 2016 will increase as compared to 2015 due to increased clinical trial expenses for ADCETRIS related to studies to evaluate other potential uses of ADCETRIS, one of which is a required
post-approval confirmatory study, and as a result of increased clinical trial expenses and other amounts incurred to continue the development of our product candidates, primarily SGN-CD33A and SGN-CD19A. Certain ADCETRIS development activities,
including some clinical studies, will be conducted by Takeda, the costs of which are not reflected in our research and development expenses. Because of these and other factors, expenses will fluctuate based upon many factors, including the degree of
collaborative activities, timing of manufacturing campaigns, numbers of patients enrolled in our clinical trials and the outcome of each clinical trial.  
 The risks and uncertainties associated with our research and development projects are discussed more fully in Part II, Item 1A Risk
Factors. As a result of the uncertainties discussed above, we are unable to determine with any degree of certainty the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects, anticipated completion dates or when and to what extent we
will receive cash inflows from the commercialization and sale of ADCETRIS in any additional approved indications or of any of our product candidates.  
   Selling, general and administrative        
   Selling, general and administrative expenses increased during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from the comparable periods in 2015 primarily due to increases in staffing levels. Increases in expenses for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 were partially offset by a decrease in legal expenses during the
comparable period in 2015 as certain legal matters were settled in 2015.    We continue to anticipate that selling, general and
administrative expenses will increase in 2016 as compared to 2015 as we continue our commercial activities in support of the commercialization of ADCETRIS, as well as our support of general operations.  
   Investment income        
   Investment income reflects amounts earned on our investments in U.S. Treasury securities. Investment income
increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the comparable periods in 2015 due to higher average investment balances following our public offering in September 2015, which resulted in net proceeds to us of
approximately $526.6 million.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

    Liquidity and capital resources    
   
   Our combined cash, cash equivalents and investment securities decreased during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from the balance at December 31, 2015, primarily reflecting our net loss for the period.    The change in net
cash used in operating activities is primarily related to our net loss, working capital fluctuations and changes in our non-cash expenses, all of which are highly variable. The change in cash provided by investing activities primarily reflects
differences between the proceeds received from sale and maturity of our investments and amounts reinvested. Net cash provided by financing activities resulted from the proceeds of stock option exercises and our employee stock purchase plan, and for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily resulted from the net proceeds from the sale of common stock in an underwritten public offering totaling $526.6 million.  
 We have financed the majority of our operations through the issuance of equity securities, through collections from commercial sales of
ADCETRIS and by amounts received pursuant to product collaborations and our ADC collaborations. To a lesser degree, we have also financed our operations through royalty revenues and interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and investment
securities. These financing and revenue sources have historically allowed us to maintain adequate levels of cash and investments.    Our
cash, cash equivalents and investments are held in a variety of non-interest bearing bank accounts and interest-bearing instruments subject to investment guidelines allowing for holdings in U.S. government and agency securities, corporate
securities, taxable municipal bonds, commercial paper and money market accounts. Our investment portfolio is structured to provide for investment maturities and access to cash to fund our anticipated working capital needs. However, if our liquidity
needs should be accelerated for any reason in the near term, or investments do not pay at maturity, we may be required to sell investment securities in our portfolio prior to their scheduled maturities, which may result in a loss. As of
September 30, 2016, we had $591.8 million held in cash reserves or investments scheduled to mature within the next twelve months.    At
our currently planned spending rates we believe that our financial resources, together with product and royalty revenues from sales of ADCETRIS and the fees, milestone payments and reimbursements we expect to receive under our existing collaboration
and license agreements, will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. Changes in our spending rate may occur that would consume available capital resources sooner, such as increased development, manufacturing and
clinical trial expenses in connection with our expanding pipeline programs, including several phase 3 trials, or our undertaking of additional programs or business activities, including entry into strategic business transactions. Further, in the
event of a termination of the ADCETRIS collaboration agreement with Takeda, we would not receive development cost sharing payments or milestone payments or royalties for the development or sale of ADCETRIS in Takeda s territory, and we would be
required to fund all ADCETRIS development and commercial activities. Any of these factors could lead to a need for us to raise additional capital.  
 We expect to make additional capital outlays and to increase operating expenditures over the next several years as we hire additional
employees, support our preclinical development, manufacturing and clinical trial activities for ADCETRIS and our other pipeline programs, and expand internationally, as well as commercialize ADCETRIS and position ADCETRIS for potential additional
regulatory approvals. As a result of these expenditures, we may need to raise significant amounts of additional capital. In addition, we actively evaluate various strategic transactions on an ongoing basis, including licensing or otherwise acquiring
complementary products, technologies or businesses, and we may require significant additional capital in order to complete or otherwise provide funding for those acquisitions. We may seek additional funding through some or all of the following
methods: corporate collaborations, licensing arrangements and public or private debt or equity financings. We do not know whether additional capital will be available when needed, or that, if available, we will obtain financing on terms favorable to
us or our stockholders. If we are unable to raise additional funds when we need them, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our development programs, which may adversely affect our business and operations.
 
      23  

Table of Contents  

   Commitments   
 Our future minimum contractual commitments were reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed
with the SEC.    There have been no material changes from the contractual commitments previously disclosed in our Annual Report on  Form 10-K.      Recent accounting pronouncements   
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued an Accounting Standards Update entitled
  ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The standard requires entities to recognize revenue through an evaluation that includes identification of the contract, identification of
the performance obligations, determination of the transaction price, allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations, and recognition of revenue as the entity satisfies the performance obligations. In August 2015, FASB issued an
Accounting Standards Update entitled  ASU 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date , which defers the effective dates of ASU 2014-09 to our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2018. The FASB has
continued to issue accounting standards updates to clarify and provide implementation guidance related to Revenue from Contracts with Customers, including  ASU 2016-08, Revenue from Contract with Customers: Principal versus Agent
Considerations ,  ASU 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , and  ASU 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical
Expedients.  We are currently evaluating the guidance to determine the potential impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and financial statement disclosures.  
 In January 2016, FASB issued an Accounting Standards Update entitled  ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments Overall.  The standard
addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The standard will become effective for us beginning January 1, 2018. We are currently evaluating the guidance to determine the
potential impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and financial statement disclosures.    In February 2016,
FASB issued an Accounting Standards Update entitled  ASU 2016-02, Leases.  The standard requires entities to recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing its
right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The standard will become effective for us beginning January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the guidance to determine the potential impact on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and financial statement disclosures.    In March 2016, FASB issued an Accounting
Standard Update entitled  ASU 2016-09, Compensation   Stock Compensation.  The standard is intended to simplify certain elements of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax impact, classification of
awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The standards will become effective for us beginning on January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the guidance to
determine the potential impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and financial statement disclosures.    In
June 2016, FASB issued an Accounting Standard Update entitled  ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments: Credit Losses . The objective of the standard is to provide information about expected credit losses on financial instruments at each
reporting date, and to change how other than temporary impairments on investments securities are recorded. The standard will become effective for us beginning on January 1, 2020 with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the
guidance to determine the potential impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and financial statement disclosures.      

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk         Interest Rate Risk
     Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio. We do not have any
derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio. We currently have holdings in U.S. Treasury securities. A summary of our investment securities follows (in thousands):  

24  

Table of Contents  

  We have estimated the effect on our investment portfolio of a hypothetical increase in interest
rates by one percent to be a reduction of $2.4 million in the fair value of our investments as of September 30, 2016. In addition, a hypothetical decrease of 10% in the effective yield of our investments would reduce our expected investment
income by less than $0.3 million over the next twelve months based on our investment balance at September 30, 2016.      Foreign
Currency Risk      Most of our revenues and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars and as a result, we have not experienced
significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses to date. Our commercial sales in Canada are denominated in Canadian Dollars. We also had other transactions denominated in foreign currencies during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, primarily related to contract manufacturing and ex-U.S. clinical trial activities, and we expect to continue to do so. Our royalties from Takeda are derived from its sales of ADCETRIS in multiple countries and in multiple currencies that are
converted into U.S. dollars for purposes of determining the amount of royalties payable to us. Our primary exposure is to fluctuations in the Euro, British Pound, Canadian Dollar and Swiss Franc. We do not anticipate that foreign currency
transaction gains or losses will be significant at our current level of operations. However, transaction gains or losses may become significant in the future as we continue to expand our operations internationally. We have not engaged in foreign
currency hedging to date; however, we may do so in the future.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures       (a)  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) prior
to the filing of this quarterly report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were, in design and operation, effective.    (b)  Changes in internal control over financial reporting.  There have not been any
changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

     Part II. Other Information   

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors       You should carefully consider the following risk factors, in addition to
the other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes. If any of the events described in the following risk factors occurs, our business, operating
results and financial condition could be seriously harmed. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q also contains  forward-looking  statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated in the  forward-looking  statements as a result of factors that are described below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
   Risks Related to Our Business        Our near-term
prospects are substantially dependent on ADCETRIS. If we and/or Takeda are unable to effectively commercialize ADCETRIS for the treatment of patients in its approved indications and to continue to expand its labeled indications of use, our ability
to generate significant revenue or potentially achieve profitability will be adversely affected.      ADCETRIS   , or brentuximab vedotin, is now approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and the European Commission for three indications, encompassing several settings for the
treatment of relapsed Hodgkin lymphoma and relapsed systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma, or sALCL. ADCETRIS is our only product approved for marketing and our ability to generate revenue from product sales and potentially achieve profitability
is substantially dependent on our continued ability to effectively commercialize ADCETRIS for the treatment of patients in its approved indications and our ability to continue to expand its labeled indications of use. We may not be able to fully
realize the commercial potential of ADCETRIS for a number of reasons, including:      

we may not be able to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market ADCETRIS for any additional indications, including for relapsed cutaneous T-cell lymphoma, or CTCL, frontline Hodgkin lymphoma or mature T-cell
lymphoma, or MTCL, or to otherwise continue to expand its labeled indications of use;        

negative or inconclusive results in our ECHELON-1 and ECHELON-2 phase 3 trials would negatively impact, or preclude altogether, our ability to obtain regulatory approval and commercialize ADCETRIS in the frontline
Hodgkin lymphoma and frontline MTCL indications, respectively, either of which could limit our sales of, and the commercial potential of, ADCETRIS;        

our failure to obtain regulatory approval and commercialize ADCETRIS in the ALCANZA treatment setting notwithstanding the positive data we reported from our ALCANZA trial, which would also limit our sales of, and the
commercial potential of, ADCETRIS;        

results from our required post-approval study, the ECHELON-2 trial, may fail to verify the clinical benefit of ADCETRIS in relapsed sALCL, which could result in the withdrawal of approval of ADCETRIS in the relapsed
sALCL indication and which could negatively impact our potential future product sales for the relapsed sALCL indication;        

new competitive therapies, including immuno-oncology agents such as PD-1 inhibitors (e.g., nivolumab and pembrolizumab), have been approved by regulatory authorities (as in the case of nivolumab) or may be submitted in
the near term to regulatory authorities for approval in ADCETRIS  labeled indications in relapsed Hodgkin lymphoma, and these competitive products could negatively impact our commercial sales of ADCETRIS;    

our commercial sales of ADCETRIS could be lower than our projections due to a lower market penetration rate, increased competition for alternative products or a shorter duration of therapy in patients in ADCETRIS 
approved indications;        

we may be unable to effectively commercialize ADCETRIS in any new indications for which we receive marketing approval, including in the most recently-approved indication for post-autologous hematopoietic stem cell
transplantation, or auto-HSCT, consolidation treatment in classical Hodgkin lymphoma patients with high risk of relapse or progression;        

there may be additional changes to the label for ADCETRIS, including ADCETRIS  boxed warning, that further restrict how we market and sell ADCETRIS, including as a result of data collected from our required
post-approval study, or as the result of adverse events observed in that study or in other studies, including in the post-approval confirmatory studies that Takeda is required to conduct as a condition to the conditional marketing authorization of
ADCETRIS by the European Commission or in  investigator-sponsored  studies;        

we may not be able to establish or demonstrate in the medical community the safety and efficacy of ADCETRIS and its potential advantages over and side effects compared to existing and future therapeutics;

physicians may be reluctant to prescribe ADCETRIS until results from our required post-approval study is available or other long term efficacy and safety data exist;    
      27  

Table of Contents  

the estimated incidence rate of new patients in ADCETRIS  approved indications may be lower than our projections;        

there may be adverse results or events reported in any of the clinical trials that we and/or Takeda are conducting or may in the future conduct for ADCETRIS;    

we may be unable to continue to effectively market, sell and distribute ADCETRIS;        

ADCETRIS may receive adverse reimbursement and coverage policies from government and private payers such as Medicare, Medicaid, insurance companies, health maintenance organizations and other plan administrators, or may
be subject to pricing pressures enacted by industry organizations or state and federal governments, including as a result of increased scrutiny over drug-pricing strategies by pharmaceutical companies or otherwise;    

the relative price of ADCETRIS may be higher than alternative treatment options;        

there may be changed or increased regulatory restrictions;        

we may not have adequate financial or other resources to effectively commercialize ADCETRIS; and        

we may not be able to obtain adequate commercial supplies of ADCETRIS to meet demand or at an acceptable cost.    
 In December 2009, we entered into an agreement with Takeda to develop and commercialize ADCETRIS, under which we have commercial rights in the
United States and its territories and Canada, and Takeda has commercial rights in the rest of the world. The success of this collaboration and the activities of Takeda will significantly impact the commercialization of ADCETRIS in countries other
than the United States and in Canada. In October 2012, Takeda announced that it had received conditional marketing authorization for ADCETRIS from the European Commission for patients with relapsed Hodgkin lymphoma or relapsed sALCL, and has since
obtained marketing approvals for ADCETRIS in many other countries. Conditional marketing authorization by the European Commission includes obligations to provide additional clinical data at a later stage to confirm the positive benefit-risk balance.
In July 2016, Takeda announced that it had received marketing authorization for ADCETRIS from the European Commission for the treatment of adult patients with CD30 positive Hodgkin lymphoma at increased risk of relapse or progression following
autologous stem cell transplant. We cannot control the amount and timing of resources that Takeda dedicates to the commercialization of ADCETRIS, or to its marketing and distribution, and our ability to generate revenues from ADCETRIS product sales
by Takeda depends on Takeda s ability to achieve market acceptance of, and to otherwise effectively market, ADCETRIS for its approved indications in its territory.  
 We believe that the level of our ongoing ADCETRIS sales in the United States is largely attributable to the incidence flow of patients
eligible for treatment with ADCETRIS. We also believe that the incidence rate of new patients in ADCETRIS  approved indications is relatively low, particularly when compared to many other oncology indications. For these and other reasons, we
expect that our ability to accelerate ADCETRIS sales growth, if at all, will depend primarily on our ability to continue to expand ADCETRIS  labeled indications of use. Accordingly, we are exploring the use of ADCETRIS as a single agent and in
combination therapy regimens earlier in the treatment of Hodgkin lymphoma and MTCL, including sALCL, and in a range of CD30-expressing hematologic malignancies, including relapsed CTCL. This will continue to require additional time and investment in
clinical trials and there can be no assurance that we and/or Takeda will obtain and maintain the necessary regulatory approvals to market ADCETRIS for any additional indications. In particular, negative or inconclusive results in our ECHELON-1 and
ECHELON-2 trials would negatively impact, or preclude altogether, our ability to obtain regulatory approval in the frontline Hodgkin lymphoma and frontline MTCL, indications, respectively, either of which could limit our sales of, and the commercial
potential of, ADCETRIS. In addition, although we reported in August 2016 that the ALCANZA trial evaluating ADCETRIS in patients with relapsed CTCL met its primary endpoint demonstrating a statistically significant improvement in the rate of
objective response lasting at least four months and we plan to submit a supplemental Biologics License Application, or sBLA, to the FDA to seek approval for a new indication in the ALCANZA treatment setting, there can be no assurance that the FDA
will accept our planned sBLA for filing or that we will ultimately obtain approval of our planned sBLA in a timely manner or at all. Our failure to obtain regulatory approval and commercialize ADCETRIS in the ALCANZA treatment setting would also
limit our sales of, and the commercial potential of, ADCETRIS. In addition, while ADCETRIS product sales grew from 2013 to 2014 and from 2014 to 2015, and our future plans assume that sales of ADCETRIS will increase, we cannot assure you that, even
with the August 2015 expansion to the prescribing label for ADCETRIS, which now includes post-auto-HSCT consolidation treatment in classical Hodgkin lymphoma patients with high risk of relapse or progression, we can maintain sales of ADCETRIS at or
near current levels, or that ADCETRIS sales will continue to grow. We and Takeda have formed a collaboration with Ventana Medical Systems, Inc., or Ventana, under which Ventana is working to develop, manufacture and commercialize a molecular
companion diagnostic test with the goal of identifying patients who might respond to treatment with ADCETRIS based on CD30 expression levels in their tissue specimens. However, Ventana may not be able to successfully develop and obtain regulatory
approval for a molecular companion diagnostic that may be required by regulatory authorities to support regulatory approval of ADCETRIS in other CD30-expressing malignancies in a timely manner or at all. Even if we and Takeda receive the required
regulatory approvals to market ADCETRIS for any additional indications or in additional jurisdictions, we and Takeda may not be able to effectively commercialize ADCETRIS, including for the reasons set forth above. Our
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

ability to grow ADCETRIS product sales in future periods is also dependent on price increases and we periodically increase the price of ADCETRIS. Price increases on ADCETRIS and negative
publicity regarding drug pricing and price increases generally, whether on ADCETRIS or products distributed by other pharmaceutical companies, could negatively affect market acceptance of, and sales of, ADCETRIS. In any event, we cannot assure you
that price increases we have taken or may take in the future will not in the future negatively affect ADCETRIS sales.      Our operating results are
unpredictable and may fluctuate. If our operating results are below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, the trading price of our stock could decline.    
 Our operating results are difficult to predict and may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. We have only been
commercializing ADCETRIS since August 2011 and although we provide sales guidance for ADCETRIS from time to time, you should not rely on ADCETRIS sales results in any period as being indicative of future performance. Such guidance is based on
assumptions that may be incorrect or that may change from quarter to quarter. Sales of ADCETRIS have, on occasion, been below the expectations of securities analysts and investors and have been below prior period sales, and sales of ADCETRIS in the
future may also be below prior period sales, our own guidance and/or the expectations of securities analysts and investors. To the extent that we do not meet our guidance or the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price may be adversely
impacted, perhaps significantly. We believe that our quarterly and annual results of operations may be affected by a variety of factors, including:      

customer ordering patterns for ADCETRIS, which may vary significantly from period to period;        

the overall level of demand for ADCETRIS including the impact of any competitive products and the duration of therapy for patients receiving ADCETRIS;    

the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for ADCETRIS is available from government and health administration authorities, private health insurers, managed care programs and other third-party payers;

changes in the amount of deductions from gross sales, including government-mandated rebates, chargebacks and discounts that can vary because of changes to the government discount percentage, including increases in the
government discount percentage resulting from price increases we have taken or may take in the future, or due to different levels of utilization by entities entitled to government rebates and discounts and changes in patient demographics;

increases in the scope of eligibility for customers to purchase ADCETRIS at the discounted government price or to obtain government-mandated rebates on purchases of ADCETRIS;    

changes in our cost of sales;        

the incidence rate of new patients in ADCETRIS  approved indications;        

the timing, cost and level of investment in our sales and marketing efforts to support ADCETRIS sales;        

the timing, cost and level of investment in our research and development activities involving ADCETRIS and our product candidates, including possible future in-licensing activities; and    

expenditures we will or may incur to conduct required post-approval studies for ADCETRIS and acquire or develop additional technologies, product candidates and products.    
 In addition, from time to time, we enter into licensing and collaboration agreements with other companies that include development funding and
significant upfront and milestone payments, and we expect that amounts earned from our collaboration agreements will continue to be an important source of our revenues. Accordingly, our revenues will also depend on development funding and the
achievement of development and clinical milestones under our existing collaboration and license agreements, including, in particular, our ADCETRIS collaboration with Takeda, as well as entering into potential new collaboration and license
agreements. These upfront and milestone payments may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and any such variance could cause a significant fluctuation in our operating results from one quarter to the next.  
 Further, changes in our operations, such as increased development, manufacturing and clinical trial expenses in connection with our expanding
pipeline programs, including several phase 3 trials, or our undertaking of additional programs, business activities or entry into strategic business transactions, may also cause significant fluctuations in our expenses. In addition, we measure
compensation cost for stock-based awards made to employees at the grant date of the award, based on the fair value of the award, and recognize the cost as an expense over the employee s requisite service period. As the variables that we use as
a basis for valuing these awards change over time, including our underlying stock price, the magnitude of the expense that we must recognize may vary significantly. Additionally, we have implemented long-term incentive plans for our employees, and
the incentives provided under these plans are contingent upon the achievement of certain regulatory milestones. Costs of performance-based compensation under our long-term incentive plans are not recorded as an expense until the achievement of the
applicable milestones is deemed probable of being met, which may result in large fluctuations to the expense we must recognize in any particular period.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  For these and other reasons, it is difficult for us to accurately forecast future sales of
ADCETRIS, collaboration and license agreement revenues, royalty revenues, or future profits or losses. As a result, our operating results in future periods could be below our guidance or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which
could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, perhaps substantially.      Reports of adverse events or safety concerns involving
ADCETRIS could delay or prevent us from obtaining or maintaining regulatory approval, or could negatively impact sales of ADCETRIS.    
 Reports of adverse events or safety concerns involving ADCETRIS could interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials of ADCETRIS, including the
ongoing FDA-required ADCETRIS post-approval confirmatory study as well as the post-approval confirmatory studies that Takeda is required to conduct as a condition to the conditional marketing authorization of ADCETRIS by the European Commission. For
example, during 2013 concerns regarding pancreatitis caused an investigator conducting an independent study involving ADCETRIS to temporarily halt enrollment in the trial and to amend the eligibility criteria and monitoring for the trial.
Subsequently, we have revised our prescribing information to add pancreatitis as a known adverse event. In addition, reports of adverse events or safety concerns involving ADCETRIS could result in regulatory authorities denying or withdrawing
approval of ADCETRIS for any or all indications, including the use of ADCETRIS for the treatment of patients in its approved indications. There are no assurances that patients receiving ADCETRIS will not experience serious adverse events in the
future. Further, there are no assurances that patients receiving ADCETRIS with co-morbid diseases not previously studied, such as autoimmune diseases, will not experience new or different serious adverse events in the future.  
 Adverse events may negatively impact the sales of ADCETRIS. We may be required to further update the ADCETRIS prescribing information,
including boxed warnings, based on reports of adverse events or safety concerns or implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, which could adversely affect ADCETRIS  acceptance in the market, make competition easier or make it
more difficult or expensive for us to distribute ADCETRIS. For example, the prescribing information for ADCETRIS includes pancreatitis, impaired hepatic function, impaired renal function, pulmonary toxicity, and gastrointestinal complications as
known adverse events as well as a boxed warning related to the risk that JC virus infection resulting in progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, or PML, and death can occur in patients receiving ADCETRIS. Further, based on the identification of
future adverse events, we may be required to further revise the prescribing information, including ADCETRIS  boxed warning, which could negatively impact sales of ADCETRIS or adversely affect ADCETRIS  acceptance in the market.  
   Even though we have obtained approval to market ADCETRIS in three indications, we are subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and review, including
post-approval requirements that could result in the withdrawal of ADCETRIS from the market for certain indications if such requirements are not met.    
 ADCETRIS is approved for treating patients in one indication under accelerated approval regulations in the U.S. and approval with conditions
in two indications in Canada, which allow for approval of products for cancer or other serious or life threatening illnesses based on a surrogate endpoint or on a clinical endpoint other than survival or irreversible morbidity. Under these types of
approvals, we are subject to certain post-approval requirements pursuant to which we are conducting an additional confirmatory phase 3 trial to verify and describe the clinical benefit of ADCETRIS. Our failure to complete this required post-approval
study, or to confirm a clinical benefit during this post-approval study, could result in the withdrawal of approval of ADCETRIS in the relapsed sALCL indication in the U.S. and both indications in Canada, which would seriously harm our business. In
addition, we are subject to extensive ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review from applicable regulatory agencies, such as continued adverse event reporting requirements and the requirement to have some of our promotional materials
pre-cleared by the FDA. There may also be additional post-marketing obligations, all of which may result in significant expense and limit our ability to commercialize ADCETRIS in the United States, Canada or potentially other jurisdictions.
Similarly, the conditional marketing authorization of ADCETRIS for two indications by the European Commission includes obligations to provide additional clinical data at a later time to confirm the results of the two pivotal studies. Takeda s
failure to provide these additional clinical data or to confirm the results of the pivotal studies, could result in the European Commission withdrawing approval of ADCETRIS in the European Union, which would negatively impact anticipated royalty
revenue from ADCETRIS sales by Takeda in the European Union and could adversely affect our results of operations.    Under the FDA s
accelerated approval regulations, the labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising and promotion of ADCETRIS for the treatment of patients with relapsed sALCL, the indication that has received accelerated approval and not yet
converted to regular approval, is subject to extensive regulatory requirements all of which may result in significant expense and limit our ability to commercialize ADCETRIS for the relapsed sALCL indication. We and the manufacturers of ADCETRIS are
also required to comply with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, regulations, which include requirements relating to quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. Further,
regulatory agencies must approve these manufacturing facilities before they can be used to manufacture ADCETRIS, and these facilities are subject to ongoing regulatory inspections. In addition, regulatory agencies subject an approved product, its
manufacturer and the manufacturer s facilities to continual review and inspections. The subsequent discovery of previously unknown problems with  
      30  

Table of Contents  

ADCETRIS, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facilities where ADCETRIS is manufactured, may result in restrictions on the marketing of ADCETRIS,
up to and including withdrawal of ADCETRIS from the market. If our manufacturing facilities or those of our suppliers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, such noncompliance could result in regulatory action and additional costs
to us. Failure to comply with applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements may subject us to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions, including:      

issuance of Form FDA 483 notices or Warning Letters by the FDA or other regulatory agencies;        

imposition of fines and other civil penalties;        

criminal prosecutions;        

injunctions, suspensions or revocations of regulatory approvals;        

suspension of any ongoing clinical trials;        

total or partial suspension of manufacturing;        

delays in commercialization;        

refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us or Takeda;        

refusals to permit drugs to be imported into or exported from the United States;        

restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; and        

product recalls or seizures.      The policies of the FDA and other regulatory agencies may change
and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of ADCETRIS in any additional indications or further restrict or regulate post-approval activities. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or
extent of adverse government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we or Takeda might not be permitted to market
ADCETRIS and our business would suffer.      The successful commercialization of ADCETRIS and product candidates will depend in part on the extent to
which governmental authorities and health insurers establish adequate coverage and reimbursement levels and pricing policies.    
 Successful sales of ADCETRIS and any future products will depend, in part, on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for our products
will be available from government and health administration authorities, private health insurers and other third-party payors. To manage healthcare costs, many governments and third-party payors increasingly scrutinize the pricing of new products
and require greater levels of evidence of favorable clinical outcomes and cost-effectiveness before extending coverage. In light of such challenges to prices, we cannot be sure that we will achieve and continue to have coverage available for
ADCETRIS and any other product candidate that we commercialize and, if available, that the reimbursement rates will be adequate. If we are unable to obtain adequate levels of coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates, their marketability
will be negatively and materially impacted.    Moreover, eligibility for coverage and reimbursement does not imply that a drug will be paid
for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. In addition, obtaining and maintaining adequate coverage and reimbursement status is time-consuming and costly. Third-party
payors may deny coverage and reimbursement status altogether of a given drug product, or cover the product but may also establish prices at levels that are too low to enable us to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product
development. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product. Because the rules and regulations regarding coverage and reimbursement change
frequently, in some cases at short notice, even when there is favorable coverage and reimbursement, future changes may occur that adversely impact the favorable status.  
 The unavailability or inadequacy of third-party coverage and reimbursement could have a material adverse effect on the market acceptance of
ADCETRIS and any of our future products and the future revenues we may expect to receive from those products. In addition, we are unable to predict what additional legislation or regulation relating to the healthcare industry or third-party coverage
and reimbursement may be enacted in the future, or what effect such legislation or regulation would have on our business.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

    Clinical trials are expensive and time consuming, may take longer than we expect or may not be completed at
all, and their outcome is uncertain.      We are currently conducting multiple clinical trials for ADCETRIS and our product candidates
and we plan to commence additional trials of ADCETRIS and our product candidates in the future. We are also conducting multiple clinical trials for our product candidate SGN-CD33A, including the CASCADE trial, which is a Phase 3 clinical trial
designed to evaluate SGN-CD33A in combination with hypomethylating agents, or HMAs, in previously untreated older acute myeloid leukemia, or AML, patients. We initiated the CASCADE trial based on encouraging interim data presented at the December
2015 American Society of Hematology annual meeting from a cohort of a phase 1 trial that evaluated SGN-CD33A in combination with HMAs. While the interim phase 1 data may be promising, SGN-CD33A has never been evaluated in a randomized trial with
other active agents and we cannot be certain that the design of, or data collected from, the CASCADE trial will be adequate to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of vadastuximab talirine for the treatment of patients with AML, or will otherwise be
sufficient to support FDA or any foreign regulatory approvals. Each of our clinical trials requires the investment of substantial expense and time and the timing of the commencement, continuation and completion of these clinical trials may be
subject to significant delays relating to various causes, including scheduling conflicts with participating clinicians and clinical institutions, difficulties in identifying and enrolling patients who meet trial eligibility criteria, failure of
patients to complete the clinical trial, delays in accumulating the required number of clinical events for data analyses, delay or failure to obtain institutional review board, or IRB, approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site, and
shortages of available drug supply. For example, the ECHELON-1 and ECHELON-2 trials are designed to continue until a specified number of events designated for each trial have occurred (i.e. progressions or deaths). If events do not occur at the rate
which was anticipated in one or both of these trials, the final data analysis could be delayed beyond the predicted ranges or we may choose to complete the trial with fewer events than planned, which would impact the power of the trial based on the
original statistical analysis plan. We may also undertake additional discussions with regulatory authorities or amend the protocol, and we cannot predict the outcome of those discussions or whether we would be able to reach agreement with the
regulatory authorities. Should this situation occur, there could be a delay in our ability to obtain data from the trial or impact the ability of the trial to support approval of ADCETRIS for the specific indication studied in the trial.
Additionally, patient enrollment is a function of many factors, including the size of the patient population, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, the existence of competing clinical trials and the
availability of alternative or new treatments. Many of our future and ongoing ADCETRIS clinical trials are being or will be coordinated with Takeda, which may delay the commencement or affect the continuation or completion of these trials. From time
to time, we have experienced enrollment-related delays in clinical trials and we will likely continue to experience similar delays in our current and future trials. We depend on medical institutions and clinical research organizations, or CROs, to
conduct some of our clinical trials in compliance with Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, and to the extent they fail to enroll patients for our clinical trials, fail to conduct our trials in accordance with GCP, or are delayed for a significant time
in achieving full enrollment, we may be affected by increased costs, program delays or both, which may harm our business. In addition, we conduct clinical trials in foreign countries which may subject us to further delays and expenses as a result of
increased drug shipment costs, additional regulatory requirements and the engagement of foreign CROs, as well as expose us to risks associated with less experienced clinical investigators who are unknown to the FDA, different standards of medical
care, and foreign currency transactions insofar as changes in the relative value of the U.S. dollar to the foreign currency where the trial is being conducted may impact our actual costs.  
 Clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with FDA or other applicable foreign government guidelines and are subject to oversight by the
FDA, other foreign governmental agencies and IRBs at the medical institutions where the clinical trials are conducted. In addition, clinical trials must be conducted with supplies of our product candidates produced under cGMP and other requirements
in foreign countries, and may require large numbers of test patients. We, the FDA or other foreign governmental agencies could delay, suspend, halt or modify our clinical trials of ADCETRIS or any of our product candidates, as well as any related
special protocol assessment, or SPA, agreements, for numerous reasons, including:      

ADCETRIS or the applicable product candidate may have unforeseen adverse side effects, including fatalities, or a determination may be made that a clinical trial presents unacceptable health risks;    

deficiencies in the conduct of the clinical trial, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, GCP or clinical protocols;    

deficiencies in the clinical trial operations or trial sites resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold;        

the time required to determine whether ADCETRIS or the applicable product candidate is effective may be longer than expected;        

fatalities or other adverse events arising during a clinical trial due to medical problems that may not be related to clinical trial treatments;    

ADCETRIS or the applicable product candidate may not appear to be more effective than current therapies;        

the quality or stability of ADCETRIS or the applicable product candidate may fall below acceptable standards;        

our inability to produce or obtain sufficient quantities of ADCETRIS or the applicable product candidate to complete the trials;    
      32  

Table of Contents  

our inability to reach agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites;

our inability to obtain IRB approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site;        

lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial, including the incurrence of unforeseen costs due to enrollment delays, requirements to conduct additional trials and studies and increased expenses associated
with the services of our CROs and other third parties;        

our inability to recruit and enroll patients to participate in clinical trials for reasons including competition from other clinical trial programs for the same or similar indications; or    

our inability to retain patients who have initiated a clinical trial but may be prone to withdraw due to side effects from the therapy, lack of efficacy or personal issues, or who are lost to further follow-up.
     In addition, we may experience significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials, even after promising results in earlier
trials, including unexpected adverse events that may occur when our product candidates are combined with other therapies. Negative or inconclusive clinical trial results could adversely affect our ability to market ADCETRIS or expand into other
indications. In particular, negative or inconclusive results in our ECHELON-1 and ECHELON-2 trials would negatively impact or preclude altogether, our ability to obtain regulatory approval in the frontline Hodgkin lymphoma and frontline MTCL
indications, respectively, either of which could limit our sales of, and the commercial potential of, ADCETRIS. In addition, clinical trial results are frequently susceptible to varying interpretations that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory
approvals. For example, although we reported that our ALCANZA trial met its primary endpoint and we plan to submit an sBLA to the FDA to seek approval for a new indication in the ALCANZA treatment setting, regulatory agencies, including the FDA, or
their advisors, may disagree with our interpretations of data from the ALCANZA trial and may not approve the expansion of ADCETRIS  labeled indications of use based on the results of the ALCANZA trial or any other of our clinical
trials. Adverse medical events, including patient fatalities that may be attributable to ADCETRIS during a clinical trial, could cause a trial to be redone or terminated. Further, some of our clinical trials may be overseen by an independent
data monitoring committee, or IDMC, and an IDMC may determine to delay or suspend one or more of these trials due to safety or futility findings based on events occurring during a clinical trial.  
   We face intense competition and rapid technological change, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing competing products
before or more successfully than we do.      New competitive therapies, including immuno-oncology agents such as PD-1 inhibitors
(e.g., nivolumab and pembrolizumab) have been approved by regulatory authorities (as in the case of nivolumab) or may be submitted in the near term to regulatory authorities for approval in ADCETRIS  labeled indications in relapsed Hodgkin
lymphoma, and these competitive products could negatively impact our commercial sales of ADCETRIS. In addition to the PD-1 inhibitors, compelling data have been presented involving several developing technologies, including novel cell-based
therapies such as CAR modified T-cell therapies, and we are aware of multiple investigational agents that are currently being studied, including Pfizer s crizotinib, Takeda s alistertib, AbbVie s ibrutinib, and Gilead s
idelalisib, which, if successful, may compete with ADCETRIS in the future. In addition, there are many existing approaches used in the treatment of patients in ADCETRIS  three approved indications, including auto-HSCT, combination chemotherapy,
and other therapeutic regimens, all of which represent competition for ADCETRIS.    With respect to our SGN-CD33A product candidate, the FDA
granted breakthrough therapy designation for AbbVie s venetoclax and MEI Pharma s pracinostat. If approved, venetoclax and pracinostat could be competitive with SGN-CD33A. With respect to our ASG-22ME product candidate, there are several
potential competitive therapies, including checkpoint inhibitors (e.g., atezolizumab).    The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries
are highly competitive and subject to significant and rapid technological change. We are aware of many pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that are actively engaged in research and development in areas related to antibody therapy or that are
otherwise developing various approaches to cancer and autoimmune disease therapy. Some of these competitors have successfully commercialized antibody products or are developing or testing product candidates that do or may in the future compete
directly with our product candidates. For example, we believe that companies including AbbVie, Affimed, Agios, Amgen, Bayer, Biogen, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Eisai, Genentech, Gilead, GSK, ImmunoGen, Infinity, Karyopharm, Merck, MEI Pharma,
Novartis, Pfizer, Sanofi-Aventis, Takeda, Teva, and Xencor are developing and/or marketing products or technologies that may compete with ours, and some of these companies, including AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers Squibb, CytomX, Genentech, ImmunoGen,
Mersana, Roche and Pfizer, have ADC technology. Other potential competitors include large, fully integrated pharmaceutical companies and more established biotechnology companies that have significant resources and expertise in research and
development, manufacturing, testing, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing. Also, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations conduct research, seek patent protection and establish
collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and marketing. It is possible that these competitors will succeed in developing technologies that are more effective than ADCETRIS, SGN-CD33A or our other product candidates or that
would render our technology obsolete or noncompetitive. We anticipate that we will face increased competition in the future as new companies enter our market and scientific developments surrounding other cancer therapies continue to accelerate.  

      33  

Table of Contents  

    ADCETRIS and our product candidates may face competition from biosimilars, which may have an adverse impact
on future sales.      In the United States, the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, created an
abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are demonstrated to be  highly similar  or  biosimilar  to or  interchangeable  with an FDA-approved biological product. This pathway allows competitors to
reference the FDA s prior approvals regarding innovative biological products and data submitted with a BLA to obtain approval of a biosimilar application 12 years after the time of approval of the innovative biological product. The 12-year
exclusivity period runs from the initial approval of the innovator product and not from approval of a new indication. In addition, the 12-year exclusivity period does not prevent another company from independently developing a product that is highly
similar to the innovative product, generating all the data necessary for a full BLA and seeking approval. Exclusivity only assures that another company cannot rely on the FDA s prior approvals in approving a BLA for an innovator s
biological product to support the biosimilar product s approval. Further, under the FDA s current interpretation, it is possible that a biosimilar applicant could obtain approval for one or more of the indications approved for the
innovator product by extrapolating clinical data from one indication to support approval for other indications.    The BPCIA is complex and
only beginning to be interpreted and implemented by the FDA. The FDA approved the first biosimilar product in the United States in May 2015. In the European Union, the European Commission has granted marketing authorizations for several biosimilars
pursuant to a set of general and product class-specific guidelines for biosimilar approvals issued since 2005. We are aware of many pharmaceutical and biotechnology and other companies that are actively engaged in research and development of
biosimilars or interchangeable products. It is possible that these competitors will succeed in developing a biosimilar or interchangeable product for ADCETRIS, SGN-CD33A or our other product candidates. We anticipate that we will face increased
biosimilar competition in the future as new companies enter our market and scientific developments surrounding other cancer therapies continue to accelerate. We cannot predict to what extent the entry of biosimilars or other competing products will
impact future sales of ADCETRIS, SGN-CD33A or our other product candidates.      We are subject to various state and federal healthcare related laws and
regulations that may impact our business and could subject us to significant fines and penalties.      Our operations may be directly
or indirectly subject to various state and federal healthcare laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, federal civil and criminal false claims laws, HIPAA/HITECH, the federal civil monetary penalties statute, and the
federal transparency requirements under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively PPACA. These laws may impact, among other things, the sales,
marketing and education programs for ADCETRIS.    The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons and entities from knowingly and
willingly soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made under
a federal healthcare program such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal
healthcare covered business, the statute has been violated. Additionally, PPACA amended the intent requirement of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific
intent to violate it. The Anti-Kickback Statute is broad and prohibits many arrangements and practices that are lawful in businesses outside of the healthcare industry. Penalties for violations of the federal Anti- Kickback Statute include criminal
penalties and civil sanctions such as fines, imprisonment and possible exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs.  
 The federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, prohibit, among other things, persons or entities from
knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim to, or the knowing use of false statements to obtain payment from or approval by the federal government, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, or knowingly making, using, or
causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim or to avoid, decrease, or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. PPACA provides that the government may assert that a claim
including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act. Suits filed under the civil False Claims Act, known as  qui
tam  actions, can be brought by any individual on behalf of the government and such individuals, commonly known as  whistleblowers,  may share in any amounts paid by the entity to the government in fines or settlement. The filing of
qui tam actions has caused a number of pharmaceutical, medical device and other healthcare companies to have to defend a civil False Claims Act action. When an entity is determined to have violated the civil False Claims Act, it may be required to
pay up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus civil penalties for each separate false claim.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

  The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, created
additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare
benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement in
connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items, or services. Similar to the Anti-Kickback Statute, PPACA amended the intent requirement of the criminal healthcare fraud statutes such that a person or entity no longer needs
to have actual knowledge of the statute or intent to violate it.    HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and
Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, governs certain types of individuals and entities with respect to the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and the security and privacy of protected health information.  
 The federal civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person or entity that, among other things, is determined to have
presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent.  
 The federal transparency requirements under PPACA, the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices,
biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program to annually report to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services  Centers for Medicare  
Medicaid Services information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals, and physician ownership and investment interests.  
 There are foreign and state law equivalents of these laws and regulations, such as anti-kickback, false claims, and data privacy and security
laws, to which we are currently and/or may in the future, be subject. We may also be subject to state laws that require manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers
or marketing expenditures. Many of these state laws differ from each other in significant ways, thus complicating compliance efforts.    The
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits companies and individuals from engaging in specified activities to obtain or retain business or to influence a person working in an official capacity. Under the FCPA, it is illegal to pay, offer
to pay, or authorize the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, governmental staff members, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or to otherwise influence a person working in an
official capacity. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls.  
 The FDA and other governmental authorities also actively investigate allegations of off-label promotion activities in order to enforce
regulations prohibiting these types of activities. If we are found to have promoted an approved product, including ADCETRIS, for off-label uses we may be subject to significant liability, including civil and administrative financial penalties and
other remedies as well as criminal financial penalties and other sanctions. Even when a company is not determined to have engaged in off-label promotion, the allegation from government authorities or market participants that a company has engaged in
such activities could have a significant impact on the company s sales, business and financial condition. The U.S. government has also required companies to enter into complex corporate integrity agreements and/or non-prosecution agreements
that impose significant reporting and other burdens on the affected companies.    In order to comply with these laws, we have implemented a
comprehensive compliance program to actively identify, prevent and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems and by promoting a culture of compliance. Although we take our obligation to maintain our compliance with
these various laws and regulations seriously and our compliance program is designed to prevent the violation of these laws and regulations, if we are found to be in violation of any of the laws and regulations described above or other applicable
state and federal healthcare laws, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, contractual damages, reputational harm, imprisonment, diminished profits and future earnings, exclusion from
government healthcare reimbursement programs and/or the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and growth prospects. Any action against us for
violation of these laws or regulations, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining
compliance with applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws is costly and time-consuming for our management.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

    As we expand our operations internationally, we will be subject to an increased risk of conducting
activities in a manner that violates applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws. We are also subject to foreign laws and regulations covering data privacy and the protection of health-related and other personal information. These laws and
regulations could create liability for us or increase our cost of doing business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and growth prospects.    
 We are expanding our operations internationally, and we currently have subsidiaries in the U.K., Switzerland and Canada. Though we are at an
early stage with our international expansion, our business activities outside of the United States are subject to the FCPA, which is described above, and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which
we currently and may in the future operate, including the U.K. Bribery Act. The U.K. Bribery Act prohibits giving, offering, or promising bribes to any person, including non-U.K. government officials and private persons, as well as requesting,
agreeing to receive, or accepting bribes from any person. In addition, under the U.K. Bribery Act, companies which carry on a business or part of a business in the U.K. may be held liable for bribes given, offered or promised to any person,
including non-U.K. government officials and private persons, by employees and persons associated with such company in order to obtain or retain business or a business advantage for such company. In the course of expanding our operations
internationally, we will need to establish and expand business relationships with various third parties, such as independent contractors, distributors, vendors, advocacy groups and physicians, and we will interact more frequently with foreign
officials, including regulatory authorities and physicians employed by state-run healthcare institutions who may be deemed to be foreign officials under the FCPA, U.K. Bribery Act or similar laws of other countries that may govern our activities.
Any interactions with any such parties or individuals where compensation is provided that are found to be in violation of such laws could result in substantial fines and penalties and could materially harm our business. Furthermore, any finding of a
violation under one country s laws may increase the likelihood that we will be prosecuted and be found to have violated another country s laws. If our business practices outside the United States are found to be in violation of the FCPA,
U.K. Bribery Act or other similar laws, we may be subject to significant civil and criminal penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and growth prospects. We are also subject to foreign laws and
regulations covering data privacy and the protection of health-related and other personal information. In this regard, European Union member states and other foreign jurisdictions, including Switzerland, have adopted data protection laws and
regulations which impose significant compliance obligations. Failure to comply with these laws could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and growth prospects.      We have a history of net losses. We expect to continue to incur net losses and may not achieve profitability for
some time, if at all.      We have incurred substantial net losses in each of our years of operation. We have incurred these losses
principally from costs incurred in our research and development programs and from our selling, general and administrative expenses. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on research and development, including amounts for conducting
required post-approval and other clinical trials of, and seeking additional regulatory approvals for, ADCETRIS as well as commercializing ADCETRIS for the treatment of patients in its three approved indications. In addition, we expect to make
substantial expenditures to further develop and potentially commercialize SGN-CD33A and our other product candidates. Accordingly, we expect to continue to incur net losses and may not achieve profitability for some time, if at all. Although we
recognize revenue from ADCETRIS product sales and we continue to earn amounts under our collaboration agreements, our revenue and profit potential is unproven and our limited commercialization history makes our future operating results difficult to
predict. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. If we are unable to achieve and sustain profitability, the market value of our common stock will likely decline.
     If we or our collaborators are not able to obtain or maintain required regulatory approvals, we or our collaborators will not be able to
commercialize our product candidates.      The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, approval, selling, marketing and
distribution of drug products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries, which regulations differ from country to country. Neither we nor our collaborators are permitted
to market our product candidates in the United States or foreign countries until we obtain marketing approval from the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities, and we or our collaborators may never receive regulatory approval for the commercial
sale of any of our product candidates. In addition, part of our strategy is to continue to explore the use of ADCETRIS earlier in the treatment of Hodgkin lymphoma and MTCL and in other CD30-expressing malignancies, including CTCL, and we are
currently conducting multiple clinical trials for ADCETRIS. However, we and/or Takeda may be unable to obtain or maintain any regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of ADCETRIS for any additional indications. Obtaining marketing approval is a
lengthy, expensive and uncertain process and approval is never assured, and we have only limited experience in preparing and submitting the applications necessary to gain regulatory approvals. Further, the FDA and other foreign regulatory agencies
have substantial discretion in the approval process, and determining when or whether regulatory approval will be obtained for any product candidate we develop, including any regulatory approvals for the potential commercial sale of ADCETRIS in
additional indications or in any additional territories. In this regard, even if we believe the data collected from clinical trials of  
      36  

Table of Contents  

ADCETRIS and our product candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA or any other foreign regulatory authority. In addition, the FDA or their advisors
may disagree with our interpretations of data from preclinical studies and clinical trials. In this regard, based on the positive data we reported from the ALCANZA trial, we plan to submit an sBLA to the FDA to seek approval for a new indication in
the ALCANZA treatment setting. Even if the FDA accepts our planned sBLA for filing, the FDA may disagree with our interpretations of the data from the ALCANZA trial and/or may otherwise determine not to approve our planned sBLA in a timely manner or
at all. Moreover, even though our ALCANZA, ECHELON-1 and ECHELON-2 trials are being conducted under SPA agreements with the FDA, this is not a guarantee or indication of approval, and we cannot be certain that the design of, or data collected from,
any of our current or potential future clinical trials that were or are being conducted under SPAs with the FDA will be sufficient to support FDA approval. Further, a SPA agreement is not binding on the FDA if public health concerns unrecognized at
the time the SPA agreement is entered into become evident, other new scientific concerns regarding product safety or efficacy arise, new drugs are approved in the same indication, or if we have failed to comply with the agreed upon trial protocols.
In addition, a SPA agreement may be changed by us or the FDA on written agreement of both parties, and the FDA retains significant latitude and discretion in interpreting the terms of a SPA agreement and the data and results from the applicable
clinical trial. For example, even though we believe that the data from the ALCANZA trial are supportive of approval of ADCETRIS in the ALCANZA treatment setting, our SPA with the FDA covering the ALCANZA trial is not a guarantee or indication of
approval of ADCETRIS in the ALCANZA treatment setting (or in any other indication). Regulatory agencies also may approve a product candidate for fewer indications than requested or may grant approval subject to the performance of post-approval
studies or REMS for a product candidate. Similarly, regulatory agencies may not approve the labeling claims that are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of ADCETRIS in additional indications, including any indications in the
ALCANZA treatment setting.    In addition, changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may occur and we may need to amend clinical trial
protocols and/or related SPA agreements to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical trial. In
addition, as part of the U.S. Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, the FDA has a goal to review and act on a percentage of all regulatory submissions in a given time frame. However, the FDA does not always meet its PDUFA targeted action dates
and if the FDA were to fail to meet a PDUFA targeted action date in the future for ADCETRIS, including in connection with our planned sBLA submission to seek approval to market ADCETRIS in the ALCANZA treatment setting, the commercialization of
ADCETRIS in any additional indications could be delayed or impaired. Due to these and other factors, ADCETRIS could take a significantly longer time to gain regulatory approvals in any additional indications than we expect or may never gain
additional regulatory approvals, which could delay or eliminate any potential product revenue from sales of ADCETRIS in any additional indications, which could significantly delay or prevent us from achieving profitability.  
   We depend on collaborative relationships with other companies to assist in the research and development of ADCETRIS and for the development and
commercialization of product candidates utilizing or incorporating our technologies. If we are not able to locate suitable collaborators or if our collaborators do not perform as expected, this may negatively affect our ability to commercialize
ADCETRIS, develop other product candidates and/or generate revenues through technology licensing, or may otherwise negatively affect our business.    
 We have established and intend to continue to establish collaborations with third parties to develop and market ADCETRIS and some of our
current and future product candidates. For example, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Takeda in December 2009 that granted Takeda rights to develop and commercialize ADCETRIS outside of the United States and Canada. In addition, we have
entered into a 50/50 co-development agreement with Astellas for the development of ADCs, including ASG-22ME. We also have ADC collaborations with AbbVie, Bayer, Celldex, Genentech, GSK, Pfizer, Progenics, and Takeda, and an ADC co-development
agreement with Genmab. In addition, we have entered into a collaboration agreement with Unum to develop and commercialize novel antibody-coupled T-cell receptor, or ACTR, therapies incorporating our antibodies for cancer. Our dependence on
collaborative arrangements to assist in the development and commercialization of ADCETRIS and for the development and commercialization of product candidates utilizing or incorporating our technologies subjects us to a number of risks, including:

we are not able to control the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators or co-development partners devote to the development or commercialization of products and product candidates utilizing or
incorporating our technologies, or to their marketing and distribution;        

disputes may arise between us and our collaborators or co-development partners that result in the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of the applicable products and product candidates
or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management s attention and resources;        

with respect to collaboration and co-development arrangements under which we have an active role, such as our ADCETRIS collaboration and our 50/50 co-development agreement with Astellas, we may have differing opinions
or priorities than our collaborators or co-development partners, or we may encounter challenges in joint decision making, which may result in the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of the applicable products and
product candidates, including ADCETRIS and ASG-22ME;    
      37  

Table of Contents  

our current and potential future collaborators and co-development partners may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate,
repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing;        

significant delays in the development of product candidates by current and potential collaborators and co-development partners could allow competitors to bring products to market before product candidates utilizing or
incorporating our technologies are approved and impair the ability of current and potential future collaborators and co-development partners to effectively commercialize these product candidates;    

our relationships with our collaborators and co-development partners may divert significant time and effort of our scientific staff and management team and require the effective allocation of our resources to multiple
internal, collaborative and co-development projects;        

our current and potential future collaborators and co-development partners may not be successful in their efforts to obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner, or at all;    

our current and potential future collaborators and co-development partners may receive regulatory sanctions relating to other aspects of their business that could adversely affect the development, approval or
commercialization of the applicable products or product candidates;        

our current and potential future collaborators and co-development partners may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite
litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation;        

business combinations or significant changes in a collaborator s or co-development partner s business strategy may adversely affect such party s willingness or ability to complete its obligations under
any arrangement;        

a collaborator or co-development partner could independently move forward with competing products, therapeutic approaches or technologies to develop treatments for the diseases targeted by us or our collaborators or
co-development partners that are developed by such collaborator or co-development partner either independently or in collaboration with others, including our competitors;    

our current and potential collaborators and co-development partners may experience financial difficulties; and        

our collaborations and co-development agreements may be terminated, breached or allowed to expire, or our collaborators or co-development partners may reduce the scope of our agreements with them, which could have
material adverse effect on our financial position by reducing or eliminating the potential for us to receive technology access and license fees, milestones and royalties, and/or reimbursement of development costs, and which could require us to
devote additional efforts and to incur the additional costs associated with pursuing internal development and commercialization of the applicable products and product candidates.    
 If our collaborative or co-development arrangements are not successful as a result of any of the above factors, or any other factors, then our
ability to advance the development and commercialization of the applicable products and product candidates and to otherwise generate revenue from these arrangements and to become profitable will be adversely affected, and our business and business
prospects may be materially harmed. In particular, if Takeda were to terminate the ADCETRIS collaboration, we would not receive milestone payments, co-funded development payments or royalties for the sale of ADCETRIS outside the United States and
Canada. As a result of such termination, we may have to engage another collaborator to complete the ADCETRIS development process and to commercialize ADCETRIS outside the United States and Canada, or to complete the development process and undertake
commercializing ADCETRIS outside the United States and Canada ourselves, either of which could significantly delay the continued development and commercialization of ADCETRIS and increase our costs. In turn, this could significantly harm our
financial position, adversely affect our stock price and require us to incur all the costs of developing and commercializing ADCETRIS, which are now being co-funded by Takeda.  
 In the future, we may not be able to locate third-party collaborators or co-development partners to develop and market products and product
candidates utilizing or incorporating our technologies, and we may lack the capital and resources necessary to develop and market these products and product candidates alone.  
   Healthcare law and policy changes may have a material adverse effect on us.    
 In March 2010, the PPACA became law in the United States. PPACA substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and
private insurers and significantly affects the pharmaceutical industry. Among the provisions of PPACA of  
      38  

Table of Contents  

greatest importance to the pharmaceutical industry include increased Medicaid rebates, expanded Medicaid eligibility, extension of Public Health Service eligibility, annual fees payable by
manufacturers and importers of branded prescription drugs, annual reporting of financial relationships with physicians and teaching hospitals, and a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute. Many of these provisions have had the effect of
reducing the revenue generated by our sales of ADCETRIS and will have the effect of reducing any revenue generated by sales of any future commercial products we may have. Further, there have been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain
aspects of PPACA, and we expect there will be additional challenges and amendments to PPACA in the future.    In addition, we anticipate
that PPACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and an additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for ADCETRIS or any future approved product,
which may harm our business. For example, increased discounts, rebates or chargebacks may be mandated by governmental or private insurers or fee caps and pricing pressures enacted by industry organizations or state and federal governments, any of
which could significantly affect the revenue generated by sales of our products, including ADCETRIS. In addition, drug- pricing strategies by pharmaceutical companies have recently come under increased scrutiny. Specifically, there have been several
recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement
methodologies for drugs. We expect further federal and state proposals and healthcare reforms to continue to be proposed to control increasing healthcare costs and to control the rising cost of prescription drugs. These proposals, if implemented,
could limit the price for ADCETRIS or any future approved products. Commercial opportunity could be negatively impacted by legislative action that controls pricing, mandates price negotiations, or increases government discounts and rebates. For
example, in March 2016, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, proposed to conduct a demonstration project that would reduce the Medicare payment rates for most Part B drugs for approximately half of all providers. If implemented,
this project could potentially limit our ability to change pricing for ADCETRIS and all drugs reimbursed under Medicare Part B. Implementation could negatively impact future revenue from sales of ADCETRIS.  
 Also, price increases on ADCETRIS and negative publicity regarding drug pricing and price increases generally, whether on ADCETRIS or products
distributed by other pharmaceutical companies, could negatively affect market acceptance of, and sales of, ADCETRIS. In addition, although ADCETRIS is approved in the European Union, Japan and other countries outside of the United States, government
austerity measures or further healthcare reform measures and pricing pressures in other countries could adversely affect demand and pricing for ADCETRIS, which would negatively impact anticipated royalty revenue from ADCETRIS sales by Takeda.  
 Other legislative changes have also been proposed and adopted since PPACA was enacted. The Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things,
created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend to Congress proposals in spending reductions. The Joint Select Committee did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021,
triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes reductions to Medicare payments to providers of 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013 and, following passage of the
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, will remain in effect through 2025 unless additional congressional action is taken. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers and increased the statute
of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. In addition, legislation has been proposed to shorten the period of biologic data and market exclusivity granted by the FDA. If such legislation
is enacted, we may face competition from biosimilars of ADCETRIS or any future approved products earlier than otherwise would have occurred.  
 We cannot predict what healthcare reform initiatives may be adopted in the future. Further federal, state and foreign legislative and
regulatory developments are likely, and we expect ongoing initiatives to increase pressure on drug pricing, which could have a negative impact on our revenue or sales of ADCETRIS or any future approved products.  
   To date, we have depended on a small number of collaborators for a substantial portion of our revenue. The loss of any one of these collaborators or
changes in their product development or business strategy could result in a material decline in our revenue.      We have
collaborations with a limited number of companies. To date, a substantial portion of our revenue has resulted from payments made under agreements with our corporate collaborators, and although ADCETRIS sales currently comprise a greater proportion
of our revenue, we expect that a portion of our revenue will continue to come from corporate collaborations. Even though ADCETRIS received regulatory approval in the United States, our revenues will still depend in part on Takeda s ability and
willingness to market the approved product outside of the United States and Canada. The loss of our collaborators, especially Takeda, changes in product development or business strategies of our collaborators, or the failure of our collaborators to
perform their obligations under their agreements with us for any reason, including paying license or technology fees, milestone payments, royalties or reimbursements, could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. Payments under
our existing and future collaboration agreements are also subject to significant fluctuations in both timing and amount, which could cause our revenue to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors and cause a decrease in our
stock price.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

    We are dependent upon a small number of distributors for a significant portion of our net sales, and the
loss of, or significant reduction or cancellation in sales to, any one of these distributors could adversely affect our operations and financial condition.    
 In the United States and Canada, we sell ADCETRIS through a limited number of pharmaceutical distributors. Customers order ADCETRIS through
these distributors. We generally receive orders from distributors and ship product directly to the customer. We do not promote ADCETRIS to these distributors and they do not set or determine demand for ADCETRIS; however, our ability to effectively
commercialize ADCETRIS will depend, in part, on the performance of these distributors. Although we believe we can find alternative distributors on relatively short notice, the loss of a major distributor could materially and adversely affect our
results of operations and financial condition.      We currently rely on third-party manufacturers and other third parties for production of our drug
products and our dependence on these manufacturers may impair the continued development and commercialization of ADCETRIS.      We do
not currently have the internal ability to manufacture the drug products that we sell or need to conduct our clinical trials, and we therefore rely on corporate collaborators and contract manufacturing organizations to supply drug product for
commercial supply and our IND-enabling studies and clinical trials. For the monoclonal antibody used in ADCETRIS, we have contracted with AbbVie for clinical and commercial supplies. For the drug linker used in ADCETRIS, we have contracted with
Sigma Aldrich Fine Chemicals, or SAFC, for clinical and commercial supplies. We have multiple contract manufacturers for conjugating the drug linker to the antibody and producing the ADCETRIS product. For our ADC product candidates, multiple
contract manufacturers, including AbbVie and SAFC, perform antibody and drug-linker manufacturing and several other contract manufacturers perform conjugation of the drug-linker to the antibody and fill/finish of the drug product. In addition, we
rely on other third parties to perform additional steps in the manufacturing process, including shipping and storage of ADCETRIS and our product candidates. For the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to rely on contract manufacturers and
other third parties to produce, vial and store sufficient quantities of ADCETRIS for use in our clinical trials and for commercial sale. If our contract manufacturers or other third parties fail to deliver ADCETRIS for clinical use or sale on a
timely basis, with sufficient quality, and at commercially reasonable prices, and we fail to find replacement manufacturers or to develop our own manufacturing capabilities, we may be required to delay or suspend clinical trials or otherwise
discontinue development, production and sale of ADCETRIS. Moreover, contract manufacturers have a limited number of facilities in which ADCETRIS can be produced and any interruption of the operation of those facilities due to events such as
equipment malfunction or failure or damage to the facility by natural disasters or as the result of regulatory actions could result in the cancellation of shipments, loss of product in the manufacturing process, a shortfall in ADCETRIS supply, or
the inability to sell our products in the U.S. or abroad. In addition, we have committed to provide Takeda with their needs of certain parts of the ADCETRIS supply chain for a limited period of time, which may require us to arrange for additional
manufacturing supply. Moreover, we depend on outside vendors for the supply of raw materials used to produce ADCETRIS. If the third-party suppliers were to cease production or otherwise fail to supply us with quality raw materials and we were unable
to contract on acceptable terms for these raw materials with alternative suppliers, our ability to have ADCETRIS manufactured to meet commercial and clinical requirements would be adversely affected.  
   Any failures or setbacks in our ADC development program would negatively affect our business and financial position.    
 ADCETRIS and our SGN-CD33A, ASG-22ME, SGN-CD19A, ASG-15ME, SGN-LIV1A, SGN-CD19B, and SGN-CD123A product candidates are all based on our ADC
technology, which utilizes proprietary stable linkers and potent cell-killing synthetic agents. Our ADC technology is also the basis of our collaborations with AbbVie, Astellas, Bayer, Celldex, Genentech, GSK, Pfizer, and Progenics, and our
co-development agreements with Takeda, Astellas, and Genmab. Although ADCETRIS has received marketing approval in the United States, Canada, the European Union, Japan and other countries, ADCETRIS is our first and only ADC product that has been
approved for commercial sale in any jurisdiction. Any failures or setbacks in our ADC development program, including adverse effects resulting from the use of this technology in human clinical trials, could have a detrimental impact on the continued
commercialization of ADCETRIS in its current or any potential future approved indications and on our internal product candidate pipeline, as well as our ability to maintain and/or enter into new corporate collaborations regarding our ADC technology,
which would negatively affect our business and financial position.      Our current product candidates are in various stages of clinical development,
and it is possible that none of these product candidates will ever become commercial products.      Our current product candidates are
in various stages of clinical development, and other than SGN-CD33A, our product candidates are in relatively early stages of development. These product candidates will require significant further development, financial resources and personnel to
obtain regulatory approval and develop into commercially viable products, if at all. We recently initiated a phase 3 clinical trial, called the CASCADE trial, which is designed to evaluate SGN-CD33A in combination with HMAs in previously untreated
older AML patients. While the interim phase 1 data may be promising, SGN-CD33A has never been evaluated in a randomized trial with other active agents and we cannot be certain that the design of, or data collected from, the CASCADE trial will be
adequate to  
      40  

Table of Contents  

  demonstrate the safety and efficacy of SGN-CD33A for the treatment of patients with AML, or will otherwise be
sufficient to support FDA or any foreign regulatory approvals. Currently, our other clinical-stage product candidates include six ADC programs, which consist of ASG-22ME, SGN-CD19A, ASG-15ME, SGN-LIV1A, SGN-CD19B, and SGN-CD123A, and an
immuno-oncology agent called SEA-CD40, which is based on our sugar-engineered antibody, or SEA, technology. If a product candidate fails at any stage of development or we otherwise determine to discontinue development of that product candidate, we
will not have the anticipated revenues from that product candidate to fund our operations, and we may not receive any return on our investment in that product candidate. Moreover, we still have only limited data from our phase 1 trials of our
product candidates. As a result, we may conduct lengthy and expensive clinical trials of our product candidates only to learn that a product candidate is not an effective treatment or is not superior to existing approved therapies, or has an
unacceptable safety profile, which could prevent or significantly delay regulatory approval for such product candidate. Due to the uncertain and time-consuming clinical development and regulatory approval process, we may not successfully develop any
of our product candidates and it is possible that none of our current product candidates will ever become commercial products. In addition, we expect that much of our effort and many of our expenditures over the next few years will be devoted to the
additional clinical development of and commercialization activities associated with ADCETRIS, which may restrict or delay our ability to develop our clinical and preclinical product candidates.  
   We may need to raise significant amounts of additional capital that may not be available to us.    
 We expect to make additional capital outlays and to increase operating expenditures over the next several years as we hire additional
employees, support our preclinical development, manufacturing and clinical trial activities for ADCETRIS and our other pipeline programs, and expand internationally, as well as commercialize ADCETRIS and position ADCETRIS for potential additional
regulatory approvals. As a result of these expenditures, we may need to raise significant amounts of additional capital. In addition, we actively evaluate various strategic transactions on an ongoing basis, including licensing or otherwise acquiring
complementary products, technologies or businesses, and we may require significant additional capital in order to complete or otherwise provide funding for those acquisitions. We may seek additional funding through some or all of the following
methods: corporate collaborations, licensing arrangements, and public or private debt or equity financings. We do not know whether additional capital will be available when needed, or that, if available, we will obtain financing on terms favorable
to us or our stockholders. If we are unable to raise additional funds when we need them, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our development programs, which may adversely affect our business and operations.
Our future capital requirements will depend upon a number of factors, including:      

the level of sales and market acceptance of ADCETRIS;        

the rate of progress and cost of the confirmatory post-approval study that we are required to conduct as a condition to the FDA s accelerated approval of ADCETRIS in the relapsed sALCL indication;

the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals of ADCETRIS in additional indications, if any;        

the size, complexity, timing, progress and number of our clinical programs;        

the timing, receipt and amount of milestone-based payments or other revenue from our collaborations or license arrangements, including royalty revenue generated from commercial sales of ADCETRIS by Takeda;

the cost of establishing and maintaining clinical and commercial supplies of ADCETRIS;        

the costs associated with acquisitions or licenses of additional technologies, products, or companies, including licenses we may need to commercialize our products;    

the terms and timing of any future collaborative, licensing and other arrangements that we may establish;        

the potential costs associated with international, state and federal taxes; and        

competing technological and market developments.      In addition, changes in our spending rate
may occur that would consume available capital resources sooner, such as increased development, manufacturing, and clinical trial expenses in connection with our expanding pipeline programs, including several phase 3 trials, or our undertaking of
additional business activities or engaging in strategic business transactions. To the extent that we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. To the extent that we raise additional
funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish some rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us.  
 During the past several years, domestic and international financial markets have experienced extreme disruption from time to time, including,
among other things, high volatility and significant declines in stock prices and severely diminished liquidity and credit availability for both borrowers and investors. For example, on June 23, 2016, the electorate in the U.K. voted in favor of
leaving the European Union (commonly referred to as  Brexit ). The withdrawal of the U.K. from the European Union will take effect either on  
      41  

Table of Contents  

the effective date of the withdrawal agreement or, in the absence of agreement, two years after the United Kingdom provides a notice of withdrawal pursuant to the EU Treaty. The U.K. government
has announced that it intends to deliver a notice of withdrawal by the end of March 2017. It is likely that the withdrawal of the U.K. from the European Union will involve a process of lengthy negotiations between the U.K and European Union member
states to determine the future terms of the U.K. s relationship with the European Union. This could lead to a period of considerable uncertainty, particularly in relation to global financial markets which in turn could adversely affect our
ability to raise additional capital. In any event, in the event of adverse capital and credit market conditions, we may not be able to obtain additional capital on favorable terms, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business and growth prospects.      We rely on license agreements for certain aspects of ADCETRIS and our ADC technology. Failure to maintain these
license agreements or to secure any required new licenses could prevent us from continuing to develop and commercialize ADCETRIS and our product candidates.    
 We have entered into agreements with third-party commercial and academic institutions to license technology for use in ADCETRIS and our ADC
technology. Currently, we have license agreements with Bristol-Myers Squibb and the University of Miami, among others. Some of these license agreements contain diligence and milestone-based termination provisions, in which case our failure to meet
any agreed upon diligence requirements or milestones may allow the licensor to terminate the agreement. Many of our license agreements grant us exclusive licenses to the underlying technologies. If our licensors terminate our license agreements or
if we are unable to maintain the exclusivity of our exclusive license agreements, we may be unable to continue to develop and commercialize ADCETRIS or our product candidates. Further, we have had in the past, and may in the future have, disputes
with our licensors, which may impact our ability to develop and commercialize ADCETRIS or our product candidates or require us to enter into additional licenses. An adverse result in potential future disputes with our licensors may impact our
ability to develop and commercialize ADCETRIS and our product candidates, or may require us to enter into additional licenses or to incur additional costs in litigation or settlement. In addition, continued development and commercialization of
ADCETRIS and our product candidates will likely require us to secure licenses to additional technologies. We may not be able to secure these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.  
   If we are unable to enforce our intellectual property rights or if we fail to sustain and further build our intellectual property rights, we may not be
able to successfully commercialize ADCETRIS or future products and competitors may be able to develop competing therapies.      Our
success depends, in part, on obtaining and maintaining patent protection and successfully enforcing these patents and defending them against third-party challenges in the United States and other countries. We own multiple U.S. and foreign patents
and pending patent applications for our technologies. We also have rights to issued U.S. patents, patent applications, and their foreign counterparts, relating to our monoclonal antibody, linker and drug-based technologies. Our rights to these
patents and patent applications are derived in part from worldwide licenses from third parties. In addition, we have licensed certain of our U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications to third parties.  
 The standards that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and foreign patent offices use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or
uniformly and can change. Consequently, our pending patent applications may not be allowed and, if allowed, may not contain the type and extent of patent claims that will be adequate to conduct our business as planned. Additionally, any issued
patents we currently own or obtain in the future may have a shorter patent term than expected or may not contain claims that will permit us to stop competitors from using our technology or similar technology or from copying our products. Similarly,
the standards that courts use to interpret patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and may evolve, particularly as new technologies develop. For example, the U.S. Supreme Court has recently modified some legal standards applied by
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in examination of U.S. patent applications, which may decrease the likelihood that we will be able to obtain patents and may increase the likelihood of challenges to patents we obtain or license. In addition,
changes to the U.S. patent system have come into force under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the America Invents Act, including changes from a  first-to-invent  system to a  first to file  system, changes to examination
of U.S. patent applications and changes to the processes for challenging issued patents. These changes include provisions that affect the way patent applications are being filed, prosecuted and litigated. For example, the America Invents Act enacted
proceedings involving post-issuance patent review procedures, such as inter partes review, or IPR, and post-grant review and covered business methods. These proceedings are conducted before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board, or PTAB, of the U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO. Each proceeding has different eligibility criteria and different patentability challenges that can be raised. In this regard, the IPR process permits any person (except a party who has been litigating the
patent for more than a year) to challenge the validity of the patent on the grounds that it was anticipated or made obvious by prior art. As a result, non-practicing entities associated with hedge funds, pharmaceutical companies who may be our
competitors and others have challenged certain valuable pharmaceutical U.S. patents based on prior art through the IPR process. A decision in such a proceeding adverse to our interests could result in the loss of valuable patent rights which would
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In any event, the America Invents Act and any other potential future changes to  
      42  

Table of Contents  

the U.S. patent system could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.    We rely on trade secrets
and other proprietary information where we believe patent protection is not appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets and other proprietary information are difficult to protect. We have taken measures to protect our unpatented trade secrets
and know-how, including the use of confidentiality and assignment of inventions agreements with our employees, consultants and certain contractors. It is possible, however, that these persons may breach the agreements or that our competitors may
independently develop or otherwise discover our trade secrets or other proprietary information. Our research collaborators may publish confidential data or other restricted information to which we have rights. If we cannot maintain the
confidentiality of our technology and other confidential information in connection with our collaborations, then our ability to receive patent protection or protect our proprietary information may be impaired.  
   We may incur substantial costs and lose important rights or may not be able to continue to commercialize ADCETRIS or to commercialize any of our product
candidates that may be approved for commercial sale as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights, and we may be required to obtain patent and other intellectual property rights from others.
     We may face potential lawsuits by companies, academic institutions or others alleging infringement of their intellectual
property. Because patent applications can take a few years to publish, there may be currently pending applications of which we are unaware that may later result in issued patents that adversely affect the continued commercialization of ADCETRIS or
future commercialization of our product candidates in development. In addition, we are monitoring the progress of multiple pending patent applications of other organizations that, if granted, may require us to license or challenge their
enforceability in order to continue commercializing ADCETRIS or to commercialize our product candidates that may be approved for commercial sale. As a result of the patent infringement lawsuits that have been filed or may be filed against us in the
future by third parties alleging infringement by us of patent or other intellectual property rights, we may be required to pay substantial damages, including lost profits, royalties, treble damages, attorneys  fees and costs, for past
infringement if it is ultimately determined that our products infringe a third party s intellectual property rights. Even if infringement claims against us are without merit, the results may be unpredictable. In addition, defending lawsuits
takes significant time, may be expensive and may divert management s attention from other business concerns. Further, we may be stopped from developing, manufacturing or selling our products until we obtain a license from the owner of the
relevant technology or other intellectual property rights, or be forced to undertake costly design-arounds, if feasible. If such a license is available at all, it may require us to pay substantial royalties or other fees.  
 We are or may be from time to time involved in the defense and enforcement of our patent or other intellectual property rights in a court of
law, USPTO interference, IPR, post-grant review or reexamination proceeding, foreign opposition proceeding or related legal and administrative proceeding in the United States and elsewhere. In addition, if we choose to go to court to stop a third
party from infringing our patents, that third party has the right to ask the court to rule that these patents are invalid, not infringed and/or should not be enforced. Under the America Invents Act, a third party may also have the option to
challenge the validity of certain patents at the PTAB, whether they are accused of infringing our patents or not, and certain entities associated with hedge funds, companies and other entities have challenged valuable pharmaceutical patents through
the IPR process. These lawsuits and administrative proceedings are expensive and consume time and other resources, and we may not be successful in these proceedings or in stopping infringement. In addition, there is a risk that a court will decide
that these patents are not valid or not infringed or otherwise not enforceable, or that the PTAB will decide that certain patents are not valid or should have a shorter term, and that we do not have the right to stop a third party from using the
patented subject matter. Successful challenges to our patent or other intellectual property rights through these proceedings could result in a loss of rights in the relevant jurisdiction and may allow third parties to use our proprietary
technologies without a license from us or our collaborators, which may also result in loss of future royalty payments. Furthermore, if such challenges to our rights are not resolved promptly in our favor, our existing business relationships may be
jeopardized and we could be delayed or prevented from entering into new collaborations or from commercializing potential products, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, we may challenge the patent or other
intellectual property rights of third parties and if we are unsuccessful in actions we bring against the rights of such parties, through litigation or otherwise, and it is determined that we infringe the intellectual property rights of such parties,
we may be prevented from commercializing potential products in the relevant jurisdiction, or may be required to obtain licenses to those rights or develop or obtain alternative technologies, any of which could harm our business.  
   If we lose our key personnel or are unable to attract and retain additional qualified personnel, our future growth and ability to compete would suffer.
     We are highly dependent on the efforts and abilities of the principal members of our senior management. Additionally, we have
scientific personnel with significant and unique expertise in monoclonal antibodies, ADCs and related technologies. The loss of the services of any one of the principal members of our managerial or scientific staff may prevent us from achieving our
business objectives.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, the competition for qualified personnel in the biotechnology field is intense, and
our future success depends upon our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled scientific, technical and managerial employees. In order to commercialize ADCETRIS, we have been required to expand our workforce, particularly in the areas
of manufacturing, clinical trials management, regulatory affairs, business development, sales and marketing. These activities required the addition of new personnel, including sales and marketing management, and the development of additional
expertise by existing management personnel. We continue to face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as academic and other research institutions. To the extent we are not
able to retain these individuals on favorable terms or attract any additional personnel that may be required, our business may be harmed.      If we are
unable to manage our growth, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected.      We
have experienced and expect to continue to experience significant growth in the number of our employees and in the scope of our operations. This growth places significant demands on our management, operational and financial resources, and our
current and planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our growth. To effectively manage our growth, we must continue to improve existing, and implement new, operational and financial systems, procedures and
controls and must expand, train and manage our growing employee base, and there can be no assurance that we will effectively manage our growth without experiencing operating inefficiencies or control deficiencies. We expect that we may need to
increase our management personnel to oversee our expanding operations, and recruiting and retaining qualified individuals is difficult. In addition, the physical expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert our management
and capital resources. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, or are unsuccessful in recruiting qualified management personnel, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected.  
   Product liability and product recalls could harm our business, and we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance to protect us against product
liability losses.      The current and future use of ADCETRIS by us and our corporate collaborators in clinical trials and the sale of
ADCETRIS, expose us to product liability claims. These claims have and may in the future be made directly by consumers or healthcare providers or indirectly by pharmaceutical companies, our corporate collaborators or others selling such products. We
may experience substantial financial losses in the future due to product liability claims. We have obtained product liability coverage, including coverage for human clinical trials and product sold commercially. However, we may not be able to
maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against all losses. If a successful product liability claim or series of claims is brought against us for uninsured liabilities or in excess of insured amounts,
our assets may not be sufficient to cover such claims and our business operations could be impaired.    Product recalls may be issued at our
discretion, or at the discretion of government agencies and other entities that have regulatory authority for pharmaceutical sales. Any recall of ADCETRIS could materially adversely affect our business by rendering us unable to sell ADCETRIS for
some time and by adversely affecting our reputation.      Risks associated with operating in foreign countries could materially adversely affect our
business.      We are expanding our operations internationally, and we currently have subsidiaries in the U.K., Switzerland and
Canada. Consequently, we are, and will continue to be, subject to risks related to operating in foreign countries. Risks associated with conducting operations in foreign countries include:  

diverse regulatory, financial and legal requirements, and any future changes to such requirements, in one or more countries where we are located or do business;    

adverse tax consequences, including changes in applicable tax laws and regulations;        

applicable trade laws, tariffs, export quotas, custom duties or other trade restrictions and any changes to them;        

economic weakness, including inflation, or political or economic instability in particular foreign economies and markets;        

compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad;        

foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses or reduced revenues, and other obligations incident to doing business or operating in another country;    

liabilities for activities of, or related to, our international operations;        

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; and        

laws and regulations relating to data security and the unauthorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal information.    
      44  

Table of Contents  

  For example, since a significant proportion of the regulatory framework in the U.K. is derived
from European Union directives and regulations, Brexit could materially change the regulatory regime applicable to our operations and those of our collaborators, including with respect to marketing authorizations for ADCETRIS and our product
candidates. We may also face new regulatory costs and challenges as result of Brexit that could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Depending on the terms of Brexit, the U.K. could lose the benefits of global trade agreements
negotiated by the European Union on behalf of its members, which may result in increased trade barriers which could make our doing business in Europe more difficult. In addition, currency exchange rates for the British Pound and the Euro with
respect to each other and the U.S. dollar have already been affected by Brexit. Should this foreign exchange volatility continue, it could cause volatility in our quarterly financial results. In any event, we cannot predict to what extent these
changes will impact our business or results of operations, or our ability to conduct operations in Europe.    These and other risks
described elsewhere in these risk factors associated with expanding our international operations could materially adversely affect our business.  
   Our operations involve hazardous materials and are subject to environmental, health and safety controls and regulations.    
 We are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing the use of hazardous materials, and we
spend considerable time complying with such laws and regulations. Our business activities involve the controlled use of hazardous materials and although we take precautions to prevent accidental contamination or injury from these materials, we
cannot completely eliminate the risk of using these materials. In the event of an accident or environmental discharge, we may be held liable for any resulting damages, which may materially harm our business, financial condition and results of
operations.      If any of our facilities are damaged or our clinical, research and development or other business processes are interrupted, our
business could be seriously harmed.      We conduct most of our business in a limited number of facilities in a single geographical
location in Bothell, Washington. Damage or extended periods of interruption to our corporate, development or research facilities due to fire, natural disaster, power loss, communications failure, unauthorized entry or other events could cause us to
cease or delay development of some or all of our product candidates or interrupt the sales process for ADCETRIS. Although we maintain property damage and business interruption insurance coverage on these facilities, our insurance might not cover all
losses under such circumstances and our business may be seriously harmed by such delays and interruption.      If we experience a significant disruption
in our information technology systems or breaches of data security, our business could be adversely affected.      We rely on
information technology systems to keep financial records, maintain laboratory, patient and corporate records, communicate with staff and external parties and operate other critical functions. Our information technology systems are potentially
vulnerable to disruption due to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. If we were to experience a prolonged system disruption in the information technology systems, it could result in the delay of development of our product candidates
or the coordination of our sales activities, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, in order to maximize our information technology efficiency, we have physically consolidated our primary corporate data and computer operations. This
concentration, however, exposes us to a greater risk of disruption to our internal information technology systems. Although we maintain offsite  back-ups  of our data, if operations at our facilities were
disrupted, it may cause a material disruption in our business if we are not capable of restoring function on an acceptable timeframe.    In
addition, our information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches whether by employees or others which may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of
trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, patients, customers and others, any of which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, a security breach or privacy violation that leads to disclosure or modification of or prevents access to patient information, including personally identifiable information or
protected health information, could harm our reputation, compel us to comply with federal and/or state breach notification laws, subject us to mandatory corrective action, require us to verify the correctness of database contents and otherwise
subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. If we are unable to prevent such security breaches or privacy violations or implement satisfactory remedial measures, our
operations could be disrupted, and we may suffer loss of reputation, financial loss and other regulatory penalties because of lost or misappropriated information, including sensitive patient data. In addition, these breaches and other inappropriate
access can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying them may lead to increased harm of the type described above.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

    Increasing use of social media could give rise to liability.    
 We are increasingly relying on social media tools as a means of communications. To the extent that we continue to use these tools as a means
to communicate about ADCETRIS and our product candidates or about the diseases that ADCETRIS and our product candidates are intended to treat, there are significant uncertainties as to either the rules that apply to such communications, or as to the
interpretations that health authorities will apply to the rules that exist. As a result, despite our efforts to comply with applicable rules, there is a significant risk that our use of social media for such purposes may cause us to nonetheless be
found in violation of them. Such uses of social media could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
   We may engage in strategic transactions that increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent
liabilities and subject us to other risks.      We actively evaluate various strategic transactions on an ongoing basis, including
licensing or otherwise acquiring complementary products, technologies or businesses. Any potential acquisitions may entail numerous risks, including increased operating expenses and cash requirements, assimilation of operations and products,
retention of key employees, diversion of our management s attention and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships of the acquired entities. In addition, if we undertake acquisitions, we may spend significant amounts,
issue dilutive securities, assume or incur significant debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expense and write-offs. Moreover, we may not be able to locate
suitable acquisition opportunities and this inability could impair our ability to grow or obtain access to technology or products that may be important to the development of our business. Even if appropriate opportunities are available, we may not
be able to successfully identify them or we may not have the financial resources necessary to pursue them, and if pursued, we may be unable structure and execute transactions in the anticipated timeframe, or at all. Other pharmaceutical companies,
many of which may have substantially greater financial, marketing and sales resources, compete with us for these opportunities.    Even if
we are able to successfully identify and acquire complementary products, technologies or businesses, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully manage the risks associated with integrating acquired products, technologies or businesses
or the risks arising from anticipated and unanticipated problems in connection with an acquisition transaction. Further, while we seek to mitigate risks and liabilities of potential acquisitions through, among other things, due diligence, there may
be risks and liabilities that such due diligence efforts fail to discover, that are not disclosed to us, or that we inadequately assess. Any failure in identifying and managing these risks and uncertainties effectively would have a material adverse
effect on our business. Additionally, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of such transactions, including the possibility that expected synergies and accretion will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time frame.  
   Legislative actions and potential new accounting pronouncements are likely to impact our future financial position or results of operations.
     Future changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse, unexpected revenue fluctuations and affect our financial
position or results of operations. New pronouncements and varying interpretations of pronouncements have occurred with frequency in the past and are expected to occur again in the future and as a result we may be required to make changes in our
accounting policies. Those changes could adversely affect our reported revenues and expenses, future profitability or financial position. Compliance with new regulations regarding corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional
expenses. As a result, we intend to invest all reasonably necessary resources to comply with evolving standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from
science and business activities to compliance activities.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

    Risks Related to Our Common Stock    
   Our stock price is volatile and our shares may suffer a decline in value.    
 The market price of our stock has in the past been, and is likely to continue in the future to be, very volatile. During the third quarter of
2016, our closing stock price fluctuated between $40.15 and $56.57 per share. As a result of fluctuations in the price of our common stock, you may be unable to sell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. The market price of our common
stock may be subject to substantial volatility in response to many risk factors listed in this section, and others beyond our control, including:      

the level of ADCETRIS sales in the United States, Canada, the European Union, Japan and other countries in which Takeda has received approval by relevant regulatory authorities;    

announcements regarding the results of discovery efforts and preclinical, clinical and commercial activities by us, or those of our competitors;    

announcements of FDA or foreign regulatory approval or non-approval of ADCETRIS, or specific label indications for or restrictions, warnings or limitations in its use, or delays in the regulatory review or approval
process, including in connection with our planned sBLA submission to the FDA to seek approval of ADCETRIS in the ALCANZA treatment setting;        

announcements regarding the results of the clinical trials we and/or Takeda are conducting or may in the future conduct for ADCETRIS, including our ECHELON-1 and ECHELON-2 phase 3 trials;    

announcements regarding, or negative publicity concerning, adverse events associated with the use of ADCETRIS;        

issuance of new or changed analysts  reports and recommendations regarding us or our competitors;        

termination of or changes in our existing collaborations or licensing arrangements, especially our ADCETRIS collaboration with Takeda or establishment of new collaborations or licensing arrangements;    

our entry into material strategic transactions including licensing or acquisition of products, businesses or technologies;        

actions taken by regulatory authorities with respect to our product candidates, our clinical trials or our regulatory filings;        

our raising of additional capital when we need it and the terms upon which we may raise any additional capital;        

market conditions for equity investments in general, or the biotechnology or pharmaceutical industries in particular;        

developments or disputes concerning our proprietary rights;        

share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares;        

changes in government regulations; and        

economic or other external factors.      The stock markets in general, and the markets for
biotechnology and pharmaceutical stocks in particular, have historically experienced significant volatility that has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. For example, negative publicity
regarding drug pricing and price increases by pharmaceutical companies has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, the markets for biotechnology and pharmaceutical stocks. Likewise, as a result of Brexit, the financial markets
could experience significant volatility that could also negatively impact the markets for biotechnology and pharmaceutical stocks. These broad market fluctuations have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect the trading price of
our common stock. In the past, class action or derivative litigation has often been instituted against companies whose securities have experienced periods of volatility in market price. Any such litigation brought against us could result in
substantial costs, which would hurt our financial condition and results of operations and divert management s attention and resources, which could result in delays of our clinical trials or our development and commercialization efforts.  
   Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock or equity-related securities could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
             Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock into the public market, including
sales by members of our management or board of directors or entities affiliated with such members, could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce
the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity or equity-related securities. We are unable to predict the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our
common stock. As of October 21, 2016, we had 141,552,646 shares of common stock outstanding, all of which shares are eligible for sale in the public market, subject in some cases to the volume limitations and manner of sale and other
requirements under Rule 144. In addition, we may issue a substantial number of shares of our common stock or equity- related securities, including convertible debt, to meet our capital needs, including in connection with funding acquisition or
licensing opportunities, capital expenditures or product development costs, which issuances could be substantially dilutive and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Likewise, future issuances by us of our common stock upon
 
      47  

Table of Contents  

the exercise, conversion or settlement of equity-based awards or other equity-related securities would dilute existing stockholders  ownership interest in our company and any sales in the
public market of these shares, or the perception that these sales might occur, could also adversely affect the market price of our common stock.  
 Moreover, we have in the past and may in the future grant rights to some of our stockholders that require us to register the resale of our
common stock or other securities on behalf of these stockholders and/or facilitate public offerings of our securities held by these stockholders, including in connection with potential future acquisition or capital-raising transactions. For example,
in connection with our September 2015 public offering of common stock, we entered into a registration rights agreement with entities affiliated with Baker Bros. Advisors LP, or the Baker Entities, that together, based on information available to us,
collectively beneficially owned approximately 31.2% of our common stock as of October 21, 2016. Under the registration rights agreement, if at any time and from time to time the Baker Entities demand that we register their shares of our common
stock for resale under the Securities Act of 1933, we would be obligated to effect such registration. On October 12, 2016, pursuant to the registration rights agreement, we registered for resale, from time to time, up to 44,059,594 shares of
our common stock held by the Baker Entities. Our registration obligations under the registration rights agreement cover all shares now held or hereafter acquired by the Baker Entities, will continue in effect for up to ten years, and include our
obligation to facilitate certain underwritten public offerings of our common stock by the Baker Entities in the future. If the Baker Entities, by its exercise of these registration and/or underwriting rights in the future, or otherwise, sell a large
number of our shares, or the market perceives that the Baker Entities intend to sell a large number of our shares, including in connection with our October 2016 registration of shares held by the Baker Entities for resale, this could adversely
affect the market price of our common stock. We have also filed registration statements to register the sale of our common stock reserved for issuance under our equity incentive and employee stock purchase plans. Accordingly, these shares will be
able to be freely sold in the public market upon issuance as permitted by any applicable vesting requirements.      Our existing stockholders have
significant control of our management and affairs.      Our executive officers and directors and holders of greater than five percent
of our outstanding voting stock, together with entities that may be deemed affiliates of, or related to, such persons or entities, beneficially owned approximately 70.1% of our voting power as of October 21, 2016. As a result, these
stockholders, acting together, may be able to control our management and affairs and matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers, consolidations or
the sale of substantially all of our assets. Consequently, this concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, including a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination
involving us or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control, which might affect the market price of our common stock.  
   Anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us.    
 Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to determine the price, rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares without any further vote or action by the stockholders, which authority could be used to adopt a  poison pill  that could act to prevent a change of control of Seattle
Genetics that has not been approved by our Board of Directors. The rights of the holders of common stock may be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The
issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of Seattle Genetics without further action by the stockholders and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of common
stock. Further, certain provisions of our charter documents, including provisions eliminating the ability of stockholders to take action by written consent and limiting the ability of stockholders to raise matters at a meeting of stockholders
without giving advance notice, may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or management of Seattle Genetics, which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our stock. In addition, our charter documents provide for a
classified board, which may make it more difficult for a third party to gain control of our Board of Directors. Similarly, state anti-takeover laws in Delaware and Washington related to corporate takeovers may prevent or delay a change of control of
Seattle Genetics.  
      48  

Table of Contents  

Item 5.  
  Other Information       On October 26, 2016, upon the approval of the Compensation
Committee of our Board of Directors, we entered into amended and restated employment agreements, or the Amended Employment Agreements, with each of Clay Siegall, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Todd E. Simpson, our Chief Financial
Officer, Eric L. Dobmeier, our Chief Operating Officer, Jonathan Drachman, M.D., Chief Medical Officer and Jean Liu, our General Counsel and Executive Vice President, Legal Affairs, or, collectively, our Named Executive Officers. The Amended
Employment Agreements replaced the employment agreements that we previously entered into with such Named Executive Officers, or the Prior Employment Agreements. Each Named Executive Officer s Amended Employment Agreement contains the same terms
as in his or her Prior Employment Agreement, except that the accelerated vesting benefits provided for under his or her Prior Employment Agreement now apply to all equity awards held by the Named Executive Officer (unless specifically provided
otherwise in the applicable equity award agreement) instead of only to stock options and restricted stock awards, as was the case under his or her Prior Employment Agreement. The Amended Employment Agreements do not contain any other material
changes from the Prior Employment Agreements. The foregoing description of the Amended Employment Agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended Employment Agreements, which are filed as Exhibits 10.4, 10.5,
10.6, 10.7 and 10.9 to this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6. Exhibits   

+ 
 Filed herewith.    

* 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.    

Pursuant to a request for confidential treatment, portions of this Exhibit have been redacted from the publicly filed document and have been furnished separately to the Securities and Exchange Commission as required by
Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.    
      50  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      

SEATTLE GENETICS, INC.  

By: 
   
    /s/ TODD E. SIMPSON    

Todd E. Simpson   

Duly Authorized and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   
   Date: October 27, 2016  
      51  

Table of Contents  

     EXHIBIT INDEX   

+ 
 Filed herewith.    

* 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.    

Pursuant to a request for confidential treatment, portions of this Exhibit have been redacted from the publicly filed document and have been furnished separately to the Securities and Exchange Commission as required by
Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.    
      52  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d251389dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1   
  [*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.      NINTH AMENDMENT   
  TO DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT   
 Effective as of the date of the last signature below, AbbVie Inc. (the successor-in-interest to Abbott Laboratories), a Delaware corporation
having a principal place of business at 1 N Waukegan Road, North Chicago, IL 60064 (   AbbVie   ), and Seattle Genetics, Inc., a Delaware corporation having a principal place of business at 21823   30 th  Drive Southeast in Bothell, Washington 98021 (   Seattle Genetics   ) (individually the    Party    or collectively the    Parties   )
agree to the following terms and conditions as set forth below (this    Ninth Amendment   ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement (as defined below).  
  WHEREAS,  the Parties entered into a Development and Supply Agreement with an Effective Date of February 23, 2004 for the manufacture of
a chimeric anti-CD30 AC10 monoclonal antibody known as cAC10 Bulk Drug Intermediate (the    Original Agreement   ), which also constitutes the antibody component of SGN-35, and the Parties subsequently entered into eight
amendments to the Original Agreement (collectively, the Original Agreement and those eight amendments are hereinafter referred to as the    Agreement    
  WHEREAS,  Abbott Laboratories (   Abbott   ) and AbbVie entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement
dated as of November 28, 2012 (the    Separation and Distribution Agreement   ), which provided for, among other things, the separation of Abbott s research-based pharmaceuticals business from its other business by the
contribution from Abbott to AbbVie of certain assets, the assumption of AbbVie of certain Liabilities (as defined in the Separation and Distribution Agreement) from Abbott, the distribution by Abbott of AbbVie common stock to Abbott shareholders,
and the execution and delivery of certain agreements in order to facilitate and provide for the foregoing, in each case subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein;  
  WHEREAS , in connection with the Separation and Distribution Agreement, Abbott assigned, transferred and conveyed all of its rights and
obligations under the Agreement to AbbVie and AbbVie accepted and assumed all rights and obligations of Abbott under the Agreement as further set forth below; and  
  WHEREAS , the Parties desire to further amend the Agreement as herein provided as of the date of the last signature below.  
  NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained here and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:  

1.  Incorporation of the Agreement . All capitalized terms which are used but not
otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings as set forth in the Agreement, and the Agreement, to the extent not inconsistent with this Ninth Amendment, is incorporated herein by this reference as though the same was set forth in its
entirety. To the extent any terms and provisions of the Agreement are inconsistent with this Ninth Amendment, such terms and provisions shall be deemed superseded by the Ninth Amendment. Except as specifically set forth herein, the Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect and its provisions shall be binding on the Parties.    2.  Process Development Work . The Parties
agree that AbbVie shall perform the Stage set forth in Attachment 1 hereto entitled  Stage 14: Stability Testing  pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and this Ninth Amendment.  
 3.  Payment Schedule . As compensation for the Stage to be performed by AbbVie pursuant to Attachment 1 hereto and the remaining
compensation due to AbbVie pursuant to Stage 13A that was the subject of the Seventh Amendment to Development and Supply Agreement between the Parties, Seattle Genetics shall pay to AbbVie on the dates and in the amounts set forth in Attachment 2
hereto entitled  Updated Summarized Payment Schedule (Amendments 7   9) .   4.  Project References . All references
to the Project set forth in the Agreement shall also be deemed to apply to the Stage performed by AbbVie pursuant to this Ninth Amendment.  
 5.  Effectuation . The amendment to the Agreement contemplated by this Ninth Amendment shall be deemed effective as of the last date
written below upon the full execution of this Ninth Amendment and without any further action required by the Parties hereto. There are no conditions precedent or subsequent to the effectiveness of this Ninth Amendment. All terms and conditions
set forth in the Agreement that are not amended hereby shall remain in full force and effect. Any term of this Ninth Amendment may be amended with the written consent of both Parties. From the date hereof, any reference to the Agreement
shall be deemed to refer to the Agreement as amended by this Ninth Amendment.    6.  Counterparts . This Ninth Amendment may be
executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. One or more counterparts of this Ninth Amendment may be delivered by facsimile, with the
intention that delivery by such means shall have the same effect as delivery of an original counterpart thereof.    7.  Entire
Agreement . This Ninth Amendment is the product of both Parties, and together with the Agreement and exhibits thereto, constitute the entire agreement between the Parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and merge all prior
negotiations and drafts of the Parties with regard to the transactions contemplated herein.  
      2  
 [*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Parties have caused this Ninth Amendment to be executed by their
duly authorized officers as of the date of the last signature set forth below.      

ABBVIE INC.  

SEATTLE GENETICS, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Keith Kentala  

By: 
   
   /s/ Vaughn B. Himes   
 
 Name: 
   
 Keith Kentala 

Name: 
   
 Vaughn B. Himes  
 
 Title: 
   
 VP, Operations Commercial Development 

Title: 
   
 EVP  
 
 Date: 
   
 8/28/2016 

Date: 
   
 8/12/2016  
 
      3  
 [*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  

Attachment 1   
  STAGE 14: STABILITY TESTING   
 [* ]   
      4  
 [*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  

Attachment 2   
  UPDATED SUMMARIZED PAYMENT SCHEDULE (Amendments 7   9)   
 [*]  
      5  
 [*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 d251389dex102.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10.2 

Exhibit 10.2   
  S EATTLE  G ENETICS , I NC .   
  L ONG  T ERM  I NCENTIVE  P LAN   FOR  SGN-CD33A   
  1.   P URPOSE       .  This Seattle Genetics, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan for SGN-CD33A
(the    Plan   ) is intended to increase stockholder value and the success of the Company by retaining and motivating selected Participants to achieve the Company s objectives and to remain in service with the Company or a
Subsidiary. The Plan goals are to be achieved by providing such Participants with either cash or cash and stock incentive award opportunities, where payment or granting, as applicable, of the Awards shall be based on the receipt of regulatory
approvals for SGN-CD33A (as hereafter defined), as more specifically set forth herein. The Plan is intended to permit the grant of Stock Awards that may qualify as  performance-based compensation  within the meaning of Section 162(m)
of the Code. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Section 2 of the Plan.  
  2. D EFINITIONS .   
  (a)     Award    shall mean a Cash Award or a Stock Award that may be paid or granted, as applicable, to a
Participant under the Plan.     (b)     Board    shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.  
  (c)     Cash Award    shall mean a cash bonus payment paid on the applicable Payout Date. With respect to each
Participant, such Participant s Cash Award shall consist of an  FDA Portion  and an  EU Portion,  as set forth in Section 6(b) of the Plan, with each portion paid as a separate payment on the applicable Payout Date.  
  (d)     Certification Date    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a) of the Plan.  
  (e)     Code    shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and
guidance thereunder.     (f)     Committee    shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board or such other
committee of the Board that has been designated to administer programs that provide for compensation intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.  
  (g)     Common Stock    shall mean the common stock of the Company.  
  (h)     Company    shall mean Seattle Genetics, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
  (i)     Covered Employee    shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 162(m)(3) of the Code.  
      1  

(j)     Effective Date    shall mean the date that the Plan is approved
by the Committee.     (k)     Eligible Employee    shall mean each employee of the Company or a Subsidiary who is
based in the U.S., E.U., Switzerland or Canada.     (l)     Equity Incentive Plan    shall mean the Seattle
Genetics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time.     (m)
    EU    shall mean the European Union member states as of the Effective Date or as such as may be added or subtracted from time to time during the EU Performance Period. 
  (n)     EU Milestone    shall mean the first achievement of either: (i) a centralized marketing authorization for
SGN-CD33A in the EU that is granted by the European Commission (or any successor entity thereto) to the Company, any Subsidiary and/or any Partner; or (ii) receipt by the Company, any Subsidiary and/or any Partner of the approvals necessary for the
commercial sale and marketing of SGN-CD33A in four of the five Major European Countries.    (o)     EU Milestone
Date    shall mean the date that the EU Milestone occurs.     (p)     EU Performance Period    shall
mean the period of time commencing on (and including) the Effective Date and ending on (and including) the date specified by the Committee on the Effective Date.  
  (q)     FDA    shall mean the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (or any successor entity thereto).  
  (r)     FDA Milestone    shall mean the first approval by the FDA for the commercial sale and marketing of SGN-CD33A
in the United States by the Company, any Subsidiary or any Partner.     (s)     FDA Milestone Date    shall mean
the date that the FDA Milestone occurs.     (t)     FDA Performance Period    shall mean the period of time
commencing on (and including) the Effective Date and ending on (and including) the date specified by the Committee on the Effective Date.  
  (u)     FDA Submission Date    shall mean the date that the SGN-CD33A BLA is submitted to the FDA.  
  (v)     Major European Countries    means the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy and Spain.  
  (w)     Participant    shall mean an Eligible Employee who meets the eligibility requirements described in Section 4
of the Plan.  
      2.  

(x)     Partner    shall mean any entity to which the Company or any
Subsidiary has granted a license to develop and commercialize SGN-CD33A pursuant to an agreement where the Company or the Subsidiary, as applicable, has retained or reserved the right, under specified conditions, to terminate such license and/or to
develop and commercialize SGN-CD33A on its own behalf.     (y)     Payout Date    shall mean the date on which Cash
Awards are paid pursuant to Section 7 of the Plan.     (z)     Payout Matrix    shall mean the matrix established
by the Committee on the Effective Date.     (aa)     Performance-Based Compensation    shall mean compensation that
is intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.     (bb)
    Prorated Period    shall mean the period of time commencing on (and including) the date immediately following the Effective Date and ending on (and including) the FDA Submission Date.  
  (cc)     SGN-CD33A    shall mean vadastuximab talirine.  
  (dd)     SGN-CD33A BLA    shall mean the first Biologics License Application submitted to the FDA by the Company,
any Subsidiary or any Partner seeking approval for the commercial sale and marketing of SGN-CD33A in the United States.    (ee)
    Stock Award    shall mean a restricted stock unit award granted under the Equity Incentive Plan, which grant shall be subject to the terms of the Plan, the Equity Incentive Plan and the restricted stock unit award
agreement between the Company and the Participant. With respect to each Participant who is granted a Stock Award, such Participant s Stock Award shall consist of an  FDA Portion  and an  EU Portion,  as set forth in
Section 6(c) of the Plan, with each portion granted as a separate restricted stock unit award on the applicable Certification Date.  
  (ff)     Subsidiary    shall mean an entity in which the Company holds greater than 50% of the voting interests.
    (gg)     Target Award Value    shall mean the aggregate target value of a Participant s Cash Award and
Stock Award (if any) that may be paid or granted, as applicable, to the Participant, expressed as a specific dollar amount, as determined by the Committee.  
  (hh)     Vesting Date    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(f) of the Plan.  
  3.   A DMINISTRATION       .  The Plan shall be administered by the Committee consisting
solely of two or more outside directors of the Company who satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code. The Committee shall have full authority to make rules and establish administrative procedures in connection with the Plan, to
interpret the Plan and those rules and  
      3.  

procedures, to determine each Participant s Target Award Value and actual Award amounts, to approve the granting of, or the payment of, as applicable, all of the Awards, and to make all
other determinations, including factual determinations, and to take all other actions necessary or appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan, including the delegation of such authority or power, where appropriate and consistent with
applicable law;  provided, however , that with respect to Covered Employees, the Committee shall have final decision-making authority. All decisions, determinations, and interpretations by the Committee shall be final and binding on the
Company and all Participants.     4. E LIGIBILITY   AND  P ARTICIPATION .   
  (a) Current Employees in Good Standing.  Absent any determination by the Committee to the contrary, each Eligible Employee who is in
good standing (and not on a performance improvement plan) as of the Effective Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, shall automatically be deemed a Participant as of such date and shall be eligible to be paid or granted, as
applicable, the following, subject to Section 4(e) of the Plan:     (i)  a Cash Award on the applicable Payout Date, in an amount to
be determined in accordance with Section 6 of the Plan; and     (ii)  if the Participant is at the Associate Director level or above
on the applicable Certification Date, a Stock Award on the applicable Certification Date, with the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such Stock Award to be determined in accordance with Section 6 of the Plan.  
  (b) Current Employees on a Performance Improvement Plan.  Absent any determination by the Committee to the contrary, each Eligible
Employee who is on a performance improvement plan as of the Effective Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan;  provided, however , that if such Eligible Employee
successfully improves his or her performance during the Prorated Period, such Eligible Employee shall automatically be deemed a Participant as of the first day he or she is no longer on a performance improvement plan and shall be eligible to be paid
or granted, as applicable, the following, subject to Section 4(e) of the Plan:     (i)  a Cash Award on the applicable Payout Date, in
an amount to be determined in accordance with Section 6 of the Plan; and     (ii)  if the Participant is at the Associate Director
level or above on the applicable Certification Date, a Stock Award on the applicable Certification Date, with the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such Stock Award to be determined in accordance with Section 6 of the Plan;  
  provided, however , that in each case, subject to Section 4(d) of the Plan, the Target Award Value applicable to such Participant shall be automatically
prorated (by multiplying such Target Award Value by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days such Participant is not on a performance improvement plan during the Prorated Period and the denominator of which is the total number of
days during the Prorated Period). 
      4.  

(c) Newly Hired Employees.  Absent any determination by the Committee to the contrary,
each Eligible Employee who is newly hired by the Company or a Subsidiary during the Prorated Period shall automatically be deemed a Participant as of his or her first day of employment with the Company or the Subsidiary and shall be eligible to be
paid or granted, as applicable, the following, subject to Section 4(e) of the Plan:     (i)  a Cash Award on the applicable Payout
Date, in an amount to be determined in accordance with Section 6 of the Plan; and     (ii)  if the Participant is at the Associate
Director level or above on the applicable Certification Date, a Stock Award on the applicable Certification Date, with the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such Stock Award to be determined in accordance with Section 6 of the Plan;  
  provided, however , that in each case, subject to Section 4(d) of the Plan, the Target Award Value applicable to such Participant shall be automatically
prorated (by multiplying such Target Award Value by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days such Participant is employed by the Company or a Subsidiary during the Prorated Period and the denominator of which is the total number of
days during the Prorated Period).    (d) Promoted Participants.    If a Participant is promoted during the Prorated Period to
a position with a higher Target Award Value, then notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Target Award Value applicable to such Participant shall be equal to the following: (i) the Target Award Value for the former position
multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days such individual is a Participant at the former position during the Prorated Period and the denominator of which is the total number of days during the Prorated Period, plus (ii)
the Target Award Value for the new position multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days such individual is a Participant at the new position during the Prorated Period and the denominator of which is the total number of
days during the Prorated Period.     (e) Eligibility for Payment or Grant of Awards.  
  (i) Cash Awards.   
  (1)  In order to be eligible for payment of the FDA Portion of a Cash Award, a Participant must be actively employed by the Company or
a Subsidiary on the Payout Date for such FDA Portion, as determined in accordance with Section 7 of the Plan, and not on a performance improvement plan as of such Payout Date. 
  (2)  In order to be eligible for payment of the EU Portion of a Cash Award, a Participant must be actively employed by the Company or a
Subsidiary on the Payout Date for such EU Portion, as determined in accordance with Section 7 of the Plan, and not on a performance improvement plan as of such Payout Date.  
      5.  

(ii) Stock Awards.   
  (1)  In order to be eligible for the grant of the FDA Portion of a Stock Award, a Participant must be actively employed by the Company
or a Subsidiary on the Certification Date for such FDA Portion, as determined in accordance with Section 6(a) of the Plan, and not on a performance improvement plan as of such Certification Date.  
  (2)  In order to be eligible for the grant of the EU Portion of a Stock Award, a Participant must be actively employed by the Company
or a Subsidiary on the Certification Date for such EU Portion, as determined in accordance with Section 6(a) of the Plan, and not on a performance improvement plan as of such Certification Date.  
  (iii) All Awards.  If the FDA Milestone does not occur on or prior to the last day of the FDA Performance Period, then no
Participant shall be eligible to be paid or granted, as applicable, the FDA Portion of the Cash Award or Stock Award. If the EU Milestone does not occur on or prior to the last day of the EU Performance Period, then no Participant shall be
eligible to be paid or granted, as applicable, the EU Portion of the Cash Award or Stock Award.     (f) Vesting of Awards.  
  (i) Cash Awards.  
  (1)  The FDA Portion of a Cash Award shall be fully vested on the Payout Date for such FDA Portion, as determined in accordance with
Section 7 of the Plan.     (2)  The EU Portion of a Cash Award shall be fully vested on the Payout Date for such EU Portion, as
determined in accordance with Section 7 of the Plan.     (ii) Stock Awards.    Each Stock Award shall be unvested on the
date of grant and shall vest as follows (and for purposes of the Plan, such date on which the FDA Portion or EU Portion of the Stock Award vests, as applicable, shall be a    Vesting Date   ): 
  (1)  The FDA Portion of a Stock Award shall fully vest on the second anniversary of the FDA Milestone Date, provided that the
Participant does not incur a Termination of Employment (as defined in the Equity Incentive Plan) through the applicable Vesting Date.  
  (2)  The EU Portion of a Stock Award shall fully vest on the second anniversary of the EU Milestone Date, provided that the Participant
does not incur a Termination of Employment (as defined in the Equity Incentive Plan) through the applicable Vesting Date.    If a
Participant incurs a Termination of Employment (as defined in the Equity Incentive Plan) prior to the applicable Vesting Date, then all shares of Common Stock subject to the Participant s Stock Award that are unvested as of the
Participant s date of termination shall be forfeited by the Participant on such termination date.  
      6.  

5. D ETERMINATION   OF  T ARGET  A WARD 
V ALUES   AND  P AYOUT  M ATRIX .      (a) Target Award Values.  On or prior
to the Effective Date, the Committee shall establish a table containing Target Award Values for each job level tier of Participants. The actual value of the aggregate amount of a Participant s Awards may be greater than or less than the
Participant s Target Award Value based on when the FDA Milestone or EU Milestone is achieved, as determined in accordance with the Payout Matrix and Section 6 of the Plan.  
  (b) Payout Matrix.  The Payout Matrix shall be used for purposes of determining (i) the amount of cash subject to the FDA Portion
and EU Portion of a Participant s Cash Award, in accordance with Section 6(b) of the Plan, and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the FDA Portion and EU Portion of a Participant s Stock Award, in accordance with Section
6(c) of the Plan.     (c) Section 162(m) Requirements for Stock Awards   Maximum Stock Award.  As required by Section 3(b) of
the Equity Incentive Plan and in accordance with Section 162(m) of the Code, in no event may a Stock Award be granted under the Plan to a Participant who is a Covered Employee such that the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such Stock
Award would exceed, together with any other equity awards granted under the Equity Incentive Plan, 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock in the applicable calendar year.  
  6. C ERTIFICATION   AND  D ETERMINATION   OF  A CTUAL 
A WARD  A MOUNTS .      (a) Certification.  The Committee shall certify in writing (which may be by
approval of the minutes in which the certification was made) the following (and for purposes of the Plan, such date on which the Committee makes such certification shall be a    Certification Date   ):  
  (i)  with respect to the FDA Portion of each Cash Award and Stock Award, the Committee shall certify whether the FDA Milestone has been
achieved as soon as administratively practicable after the earlier of (x) the end of the FDA Performance Period and (y) the FDA Milestone Date; and  
  (ii)  with respect to the EU Portion of each Cash Award and Stock Award, the Committee shall certify whether the EU Milestone has been
achieved as soon as administratively practicable after the earlier of (x) the end of the EU Performance Period and (y) the EU Milestone Date.  
 In order for the FDA Portion or EU Portion of a Cash Award to be paid on the applicable Payout Date, the Committee must (i) certify on the
applicable Certification Date that the FDA Milestone or EU Milestone, respectively, has been achieved and (ii) approve the payment of such FDA Portion or EU Portion, respectively. 
 In order for the FDA Portion or EU Portion of a Stock Award to be granted on the applicable Certification Date, the Committee must (i) certify
on the applicable Certification Date that the FDA Milestone or EU Milestone, respectively, has been achieved and (ii) approve the granting of such FDA Portion or EU Portion, respectively.  
      7.  

(b) Determination of Actual Award Amounts   Cash Awards.  Subject to Sections 4(b),
4(c) and 4(d) of the Plan, the amount of cash subject to a Participant s Cash Award shall be determined as follows:     (i)  If a
Participant is at the Associate Director level or above on the Payout Date of the FDA Portions of Cash Awards, the amount of cash subject to the FDA Portion of such Participant s Cash Award shall be equal to: 50% of the Target Award Value
applicable to such Participant, multiplied by two-thirds (  2   3 ), multiplied by the applicable earn out percentage in the Payout Matrix;  
  (ii)  If a Participant is below the Associate Director level on the Payout Date of the FDA Portions of Cash Awards, the amount of cash
subject to the FDA Portion of such Participant s Cash Award shall be equal to: 100% of the Target Award Value applicable to such Participant, multiplied by two-thirds (  2   3 ), multiplied by the applicable earn out percentage in the Payout Matrix;     (iii)  If a
Participant is at the Associate Director level or above on the Payout Date of the EU Portions of Cash Awards, the amount of cash subject to the EU Portion of such Participant s Cash Award shall be equal to: 50% of the Target Award Value
applicable to such Participant, multiplied by one-third (  1   3 ), multiplied by the applicable earn out percentage in the Payout Matrix; and  
  (iv)  If a Participant is below the Associate Director level on the Payout Date of the EU Portions of Cash Awards, the amount of cash
subject to the EU Portion of such Participant s Cash Award shall be equal to: 100% of the Target Award Value applicable to such Participant, multiplied by one-third (  1   3 ), multiplied by the applicable earn out percentage in the Payout Matrix.     (c) Determination of
Actual Award Amounts   Stock Awards.  Subject to Sections 4(b), 4(c) and 4(d) of the Plan, the number of shares of Common Stock subject to a Participant s Stock Award shall be determined as follows:  
  (i)  If a Participant is at the Associate Director level or above on the Certification Date for the FDA Portions of Stock Awards, the
number of shares of Common Stock subject to the FDA Portion of such Participant s Stock Award shall be equal to: (50% of the Target Award Value applicable to such Participant, multiplied by two-thirds
(  2   3 ), multiplied by the applicable earn out percentage in the Payout Matrix) divided by the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of grant of
such FDA Portion; and     (ii)  If a Participant is at the Associate Director level or above on the Certification Date for the EU
Portions of Stock Awards, the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the EU Portion of such Participant s Stock Award shall be equal to: (50% of the Target Award Value applicable to such Participant, multiplied by one-third (  1   3 ), multiplied by the applicable earn out percentage in the Payout Matrix) divided by the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of grant of such EU
Portion.  
      8.  

(d) Changes to Awards.    At any time on or prior to the applicable Certification
Date, the Committee may take any of the following actions based on a Participant s individual performance, special circumstances related to the submission of the SGN-CD33A BLA to the FDA (or equivalent or other applicable submission for
regulatory approval in the EU and/or any of the Major European Countries), value generated for the Company and any other factors, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion:  
  (i)  reduce the amount of cash subject to a Participant s Cash Award and/or the number of shares of Common Stock subject to a
Participant s Stock Award from the amount otherwise determined under Section 6(b) or Section 6(c) of the Plan, respectively (notwithstanding a determination by the Committee that the FDA Milestone or EU Milestone has been satisfied); and  
  (ii)  adjust any other features of the Plan;  provided, however , that no such adjustment may be made with respect to any Awards
payable or granted to a Participant who is a Covered Employee if such adjustment would result in a failure of the Participant s Stock Award to be Performance-Based Compensation.  
  7.   P AYMENT   OF  C ASH 
A WARDS       .    Subject to Section 4(e) of the Plan, payment of the FDA Portions and EU Portions of Cash Awards to Participants shall be made as soon as administratively practicable following the
applicable Certification Date, and no later than March 15 of the year following the year in which the FDA Milestone Date or EU Milestone Date, respectively, occurs. Payroll and other taxes shall be withheld as determined by the Company or
a Subsidiary.     8.   C HANGE   IN  C ONTROL .    Notwithstanding any provision
of the Plan to the contrary, in the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Equity Incentive Plan), each Participant s Stock Award, if any, to the extent outstanding as of the date of the Change in Control, shall be treated in the
manner set forth in Section 13(c) of the Equity Incentive Plan, as in effect on the Effective Date of the Plan.     9.
  N O  R IGHT   TO  E MPLOYMENT   OR  A WARD       .  Selection to participate in the Plan shall not confer upon any employee any right
with respect to continued employment by the Company or a Subsidiary or continued participation in the Plan. Furthermore, the Company and each Subsidiary reaffirms its at-will relationship with its employees and expressly reserves the right at
any time to terminate the employment of a Participant free from any liability or claim for benefits pursuant to the Plan, except as provided under this Plan or other written plan adopted by the Company or a Subsidiary or written agreement between
the Company or a Subsidiary and the Participant.     10.   D ISCRETION   OF  C OMPANY 
 AND  C OMMITTEE       .  Any decision made or action taken by the Company or by the Committee arising out of or in connection with the creation, amendment, construction, administration,
interpretation or effect of the Plan shall be within the sole and absolute discretion of the Company or the Committee, as the case may be, and shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons. To the maximum extent possible, no member of the
Committee shall have any liability for actions taken or omitted under the Plan by such member or any other person.  
      9.  

11.   N O  F UNDING   OF 
P LAN       .  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall be required to fund or otherwise segregate any cash or any other assets which may at any time be paid to Participants under the Plan. The
Plan shall constitute an  unfunded  plan of the Company. The Company shall not, by any provisions of the Plan, be deemed to be a trustee of any property, and any rights of any Participant shall be no greater than those of a general
unsecured creditor or stockholder of the Company, as the case may be.     12.   N ON -T RANSFERABILITY 
 OF  B ENEFITS   AND  I NTERESTS       .  Except as expressly provided by the Committee, no benefit payable under the Plan shall be subject in any manner to
anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, any such attempted action shall be void, and no such benefit shall be in any manner liable for or subject to debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts of
any Participant. This Section 12 shall not apply to an assignment of a contingency or payment due (i) after the death of a Participant to the deceased Participant s legal representative or beneficiary, or (ii) after the disability of a
Participant to the disabled Participant s personal representative.     13.   G OVERNING 
L AW       .  All questions pertaining to the construction, regulation, validity and effect of the provisions of the Plan shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington.  
  14.   N ON -E XCLUSIVITY       .  The Plan does not limit the authority of
the Company, the Board or the Committee, or any current or future Subsidiary of the Company to grant awards or authorize any other compensation to any person under any other plan or authority, other than that specifically prohibited herein.  
  15.   S ECTION  162( M ) C ONDITIONS ; B IFURCATION   OF 
P LAN       .  It is the intent of the Company that the Plan, and all payments of Stock Awards made hereunder, satisfy and be interpreted in a manner that in the case of Participants who are Covered
Employees qualify as Performance-Based Compensation. Any provision, application or interpretation of the Plan inconsistent with this intent to satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code shall be disregarded. However,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, the provisions of the Plan may at any time be bifurcated by the Board or the Committee in any manner so that certain provisions of the Plan (or required in order) to satisfy the applicable
requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code are only applicable to Covered Employees.     16.   A MENDMENT 
 OR  T ERMINATION       .  The Board and the Committee each reserve the right at any time to make any changes in the Plan as it may consider desirable or may suspend, discontinue or terminate the
Plan at any time.  
      10.  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 d251389dex103.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10.3 

Exhibit 10.3   
  S EATTLE  G ENETICS , I NC .   
  S TOCK  U NIT  G RANT  N OTICE    
  (A MENDED   AND  R ESTATED  2007 E QUITY  I NCENTIVE  P LAN )
    Seattle Genetics, Inc. (the    Company   ), pursuant to its Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the
   Plan   ) and Long Term Incentive Plan for SGN-CD33A (the    LTIP   ), hereby awards to Participant a Stock Unit Award for the number of stock units set forth below (the    Award   ). The
Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Plan, the LTIP and the Stock Unit Agreement, all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
meanings set forth in the Plan or the Stock Unit Agreement. Except as explicitly provided herein, in the event of any conflict between the terms herein and in the Plan, the LTIP and the Stock Unit Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control.  

Participant: 
    
 %%FIRST_NAME%-% %%MIDDLE_NAME%-% %%LAST_NAME%-%  

Date of Grant: 
    
 %%OPTION_DATE, MM/DD/YYYY %-%  

Vesting Date: 
    
 Set forth in Section 2 of the Stock Unit Agreement  

Number of Stock Units   Subject to
Award:  
    
 %%TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED, 999,999,999 %-%  

Consideration: 
    
 Participant s Services  

Vesting Schedule : 
    
 The vesting schedule is set forth in Section 2 of the Stock Unit Agreement.  

Issuance Schedule:  
    
 The shares of Common Stock to be issued in respect of the Award will be issued in accordance with the issuance schedule set forth in Section 6 of the Stock Unit Agreement.  

Sell to Cover Election:  
    
 By accepting this Award, Participant hereby: (1) elects, effective on the date Participant accepts this Award, to sell shares of Common Stock issued in respect of the Award in an amount determined in accordance with Section 10(b) of
the Stock Unit Agreement, and to allow the Agent to remit the cash proceeds of such sale to the Company as more specifically set forth in Section 10(b) of the Stock Unit Agreement (a    Sell to Cover   ); (2) directs the Company
to make a cash payment to satisfy the Withholding Obligation from the cash proceeds of such sale directly to the appropriate taxing authorities; and (3)  represents and warrants that (i) Participant has carefully reviewed Section 10(b) of the
Stock Unit Agreement, (ii) on the date Participant accepts this Award he or she is not aware of any material, nonpublic information with respect to the Company or any securities of the Company, is not subject to any legal, regulatory or contractual
restriction that would prevent the Agent from conducting sales, does not have, and will not attempt to exercise, authority, influence or control over any sales of Common Stock effected by the Agent pursuant to the Stock Unit Agreement, and is
entering into the Stock Unit Agreement and this election to Sell to Cover in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1 (regarding trading of the Company s securities on the basis of material
nonpublic information) under the Exchange Act, and (iii) it is Participant s intent that this election to Sell to Cover and Section 10(b) of the Stock Unit Agreement comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) under the Exchange Act and
be interpreted to comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. The Participant further acknowledges that by accepting this Award, Participant is adopting a 10b5-1 Plan (as defined in Section 10(b) of the Stock Unit
Agreement) to permit Participant to conduct a Sell to Cover sufficient to satisfy the Withholding Obligation as more specifically set forth in Section 10(b) of the Stock Unit Agreement.   

Additional Terms/Acknowledgements:  The undersigned Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands
and agrees to, this Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Stock Unit Agreement (including the provisions of Section 10(b) thereof with respect to the Sell to Cover), the Plan and the LTIP. The Participant also acknowledges receipt of the Prospectus for the
Plan. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Stock Unit Agreement, the Plan and the LTIP set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the Award and
supersede and prevail over all prior oral and written agreements on that subject, with the exception of any arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of the Award upon the terms and conditions set forth therein.  
 Participant s electronic acceptance shall signify Participant s execution of this Agreement and understanding that this Award is granted and
governed under the terms and conditions set forth herein.    SEATTLE GENETICS, INC.  

Clay B. Siegall, Ph.D.  
 President   CEO    **PLEASE PRINT AND RETAIN
THIS AGREEMENT FOR YOUR RECORDS**  

S EATTLE  G ENETICS , I NC .   
  A MENDED   AND  R ESTATED  2007 E QUITY  I NCENTIVE  P LAN 
     S TOCK  U NIT  A GREEMENT    
 Pursuant to the Stock Unit Grant Notice (   Grant Notice   ) and this Stock Unit Agreement (this
   Agreement   ) and in consideration of your services, Seattle Genetics, Inc. (the    Company   ) has awarded you a Stock Unit Award (the    Award   ) under its Amended and Restated 2007
Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ) and Long Term Incentive Plan for SGN-33A (the    LTIP   ). Your Award is granted to you effective as of the Date of Grant set forth in the Grant Notice for this Award.
This Agreement shall be deemed to be agreed to by the Company and you upon the signing by you of the Stock Unit Grant Notice to which it is attached. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement shall have the same meanings given to
them in the Plan or the Grant Notice, as applicable. Except as otherwise explicitly provided herein, in the event of any conflict between the terms in this Agreement, the Plan and the LTIP, the terms of the Plan shall control. The details of your
Award, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice, the Plan and the LTIP, are as follows.     1.   G RANT 
 OF   THE  A WARD .  This Award represents the right to be issued on a future date the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock that is equal to the number of stock units indicated in the Grant
Notice (the    Stock Units   ). As of the Date of Grant, the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by the Company for your benefit (the    Account   ) the number of Stock Units subject to the
Award. This Award was granted in consideration of your services to the Company or an Affiliate. Except as otherwise provided herein, you will not be required to make any payment to the Company (other than past and future services to the Company)
with respect to your receipt of the Award, the vesting of the Stock Units or the delivery of the Common Stock to be issued in respect of the Award.  
  2.   V ESTING       .  Subject to the limitations contained herein, your Award will vest, if at
all, in accordance with the terms set forth in Section 4(f)(ii) of the LTIP. In the event of your Termination of Employment, any Stock Units credited to the Account that were not vested on the date of such termination will be forfeited at no cost to
the Company and you will have no further right, title or interest in the Stock Units or the shares of Common Stock to be issued in respect of the Award. By accepting the grant of this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the terms set forth in this
Section 2 and in Section 4(f)(ii) of the LTIP supersede any contrary terms regarding the vesting of this Award set forth in any notice or other communication that you receive from, or that is displayed by, E*TRADE or other third party designated by
the Company.     3. N UMBER   OF  S HARES .   
  (a)  The number of Stock Units subject to your Award may be adjusted from time to time for changes in capitalization, as provided in
Section 13 of the Plan.     (b)  Any additional Stock Units that become subject to the Award pursuant to this Section 3 shall be
subject, in a manner determined by the Administrator, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other Stock Units covered by your Award.  
      1.  

(c)  Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 3, no fractional shares or rights for
fractional shares of Common Stock shall be created pursuant to this Section 3. The Administrator shall, in its discretion, determine an equivalent benefit for any fractional shares or fractional shares that might be created by the adjustments
referred to in this Section 3.     4.   S ECURITIES  L AW 
C OMPLIANCE       .  You may not be issued any shares in respect of your Award unless either (i) the shares are registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the    Securities
Act   ); or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Your Award also must comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Award, and you
will not receive such shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations. You represent and warrant that you (a) have been furnished with a copy of the prospectus for the Plan and
all information deemed necessary to evaluate the merits and risks of receipt of the Award, (b) have had the opportunity to ask questions concerning the information received about the Award and the Company, and (c) have been given the opportunity to
obtain any information you deem necessary to verify the accuracy of any information obtained concerning the Award and the Company.     5.
  T RANSFER  R ESTRICTIONS .  Your Award is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or except as expressly provided by the Committee (as defined in the LTIP). In addition to any
other limitation on transfer created by applicable securities laws, you agree not to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in any of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award until the shares are issued to
you in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement, except as expressly provided by the Committee (as defined in the LTIP). After the shares have been issued to you, you are free to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any
interest in such shares provided that any such actions are in compliance with the provisions herein and applicable securities laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Company,
you may designate a third party who, in the event of your death, shall thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution of Common Stock to which you were entitled at the time of your death pursuant to this Agreement.  
  6. D ATE   OF  I SSUANCE .   
  (a)  If the Award is exempt from application of Section 409A of the Code and any state law of similar effect (collectively
     Section 409A     ), the Company will deliver to you a number of shares of the Company s Common Stock equal to the number of vested Stock Units subject to your Award, including any additional Stock Units
received pursuant to Section 3 above that relate to those vested Stock Units on the applicable vesting date (the    Original Issuance Date   ). However, if the Original Issuance Date falls on a date that is not a business day,
such delivery date shall instead fall on the next following business day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) the Original Issuance Date does not occur (1) during an  open window period  applicable to you, as determined by the Company in
accordance with the Company s then-effective policy or policies on trading in Company securities or (2) on a date when you are  
      2.  

otherwise permitted to sell shares of Common Stock on the open market; and (ii) the Company elects, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (x) not to satisfy the Withholding Obligation (as defined
in Section 10(a) hereof) by withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award pursuant to Section 10 hereof, and (y) not to permit you to then effect a Sell to Cover under the
10b5-1 Plan (as defined in Section 10(b) of this Agreement), then such shares shall not be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and shall instead be delivered on the first business day of the next occurring open window period applicable to you
or the next business day when you are not prohibited from selling shares of the Company s Common Stock on the open market, as applicable (and regardless of whether there has been a Termination of Employment before such time), but in no event
later than the 15th day of the third calendar month of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Stock Units vest. Delivery of the shares pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6(a) is intended to comply with the requirements
for the short-term deferral exemption available under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and shall be construed and administered in such manner. The form of such delivery of the shares ( e.g. , a stock certificate or electronic entry
evidencing such shares) shall be determined by the Company.     (b)  The provisions of this Section 6(b) are intended to apply if the
Award is subject to Section 409A because of the terms of a severance arrangement or other agreement between you and the Company, if any, that provide for acceleration of vesting of the Award upon your separation from service (as such term is defined
in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code (   Separation from Service   ) and such severance benefit does not satisfy the requirements for an exemption from application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Section
1.409A-1(b)(4) or 1.409A-1(b)(9) (   Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement   ). If the Award is subject to and not exempt from application of Section 409A due to application of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, the following
provisions in this Section 6(b) shall supersede anything to the contrary in Section 6(a).     (i)  If the Award vests in the ordinary
course before your Termination of Employment in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, without accelerating vesting under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, in no event will the shares to be issued in
respect of your Award be issued any later than the later of: (A) December 31 st  of the calendar year that includes the applicable vesting date and (B) the 60 th  day that follows the applicable vesting date.     (ii)  If vesting of the Award
accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with your Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were in effect as of the date of grant of the Award and, therefore, are part of the terms of
the Award as of the date of grant, then the shares will be earlier issued in respect of your Award upon your Separation from Service in accordance with the terms of the Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, but in no event later than the 60 th  day that follows the date of your Separation from Service. However, if at the time the shares would otherwise be issued you are subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A
applicable to  specified employees,  as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such shares shall not be issued before the date that is six months following the date of your Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the date of
your death that occurs within such six-month period.  
      3.  

(iii)  If either (A) vesting of the Award accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt
Severance Arrangement in connection with your Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were not in effect as of the date of grant of the Award and, therefore, are not a part of the terms of the Award on the date of grant, or
(B) vesting accelerates pursuant to Section 4(b) or Section 13 of the Plan, then such acceleration of vesting of the Award shall not accelerate the issuance date of the shares (or any substitute property), but the shares (or substitute property)
shall instead be issued on the same schedule as set forth in the Grant Notice as if they had vested in the ordinary course before your Termination of Employment, notwithstanding the vesting acceleration of the Award. Such issuance schedule is
intended to satisfy the requirements of payment on a specified date or pursuant to a fixed schedule, as provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(a)(4).  
  (c)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Company explicitly reserves the right to earlier issue the shares in
respect of any Award to the extent permitted and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, including pursuant to any of the exemptions available in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix).  
  (d)  The provisions in this Agreement for delivery of the shares in respect of the Award are intended either to comply with the
requirements of Section 409A or to provide a basis for exemption from such requirements so that the delivery of the shares will not trigger the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be so interpreted.  
  7.   D IVIDENDS .  You shall receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award with respect to any cash dividend, stock
dividend or other distribution that does not result from a change in capitalization as provided in Section 13 of the Plan; provided, however, that this sentence shall not apply with respect to any shares of Common Stock that are delivered to you in
connection with your Award after such shares have been delivered to you.     8.   R ESTRICTIVE 
L EGENDS .  The shares issued in respect of your Award shall be endorsed with appropriate legends determined by the Company.  
  9. A WARD   NOT   A  S ERVICE  C ONTRACT .   
  (a)  Your service with the Company or an Affiliate is not for any specified term and may be terminated by you or by the Company or an
Affiliate at any time, for any reason, with or without cause and with or without notice. Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the vesting of your Award pursuant to the schedule set forth in Section 2 herein or the issuance of
the shares in respect of your Award), the Plan, the LTIP or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement, the Plan or the LTIP shall: (i) confer upon you any right to continue in the employ of, or
affiliation with, the Company or an Affiliate; (ii) constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of
employment or affiliation; (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement, the Plan or the LTIP unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of this Agreement, the Plan or the LTIP; or (iv) deprive the Company of the
right to terminate you at will and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have.  
      4.  

(b)  By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting
in the Award pursuant to the schedule set forth in Section 2 is earned only by continuing as an employee, director or consultant at the will of the Company (not through the act of being hired, being granted this Award or any other award or benefit)
and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a  reorganization ). You further acknowledge
and agree that such a reorganization could result in your Termination of Employment, or the termination of Affiliate status of your employer and the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement, including but not limited to, the
termination of the right to continue vesting in the Award. You further acknowledge and agree that this Agreement, the Plan, the LTIP and the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein or any covenant of good faith
and fair dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as an employee or consultant for the term of this Agreement, for any period, or at all, and shall not interfere in any
way with your right or the Company s right to terminate your service at any time, with or without cause and with or without notice.  
  10. W ITHHOLDING  O BLIGATIONS .   
  (a)  On or before the time you receive a distribution of Common Stock pursuant to your Award, or at any time thereafter as requested by
the Company, you hereby authorize any required withholding from the Common Stock issuable to you and/or otherwise agree to make adequate provision in cash for any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding
obligations of the Company or any Affiliate which arise in connection with your Award (the    Withholding Obligation   ).  
  (b)  By accepting this Award, you hereby (i) acknowledge and agree that you have elected a Sell to Cover (as defined in the Grant
Notice) to permit you to satisfy the Withholding Obligation and that the Withholding Obligation shall be satisfied pursuant to this Section 10(b) to the fullest extent not otherwise satisfied pursuant to the provisions of Section 10(c) hereof and
(ii) further acknowledge and agree to the following provisions:     (i)  You hereby irrevocably appoint E*Trade, or such other
registered broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority as the Company may select, as your agent (the    Agent   ), and you authorize and direct the Agent to:  
  (1)  Sell on the open market at the then prevailing market price(s), on your behalf, as soon as practicable on or after the date on
which the shares of Common Stock are delivered to you pursuant to Section 6 hereof in connection with the vesting of the Stock Units, the number (rounded up to the next whole number) of shares of Common Stock sufficient to generate proceeds to cover
(A) the satisfaction of the Withholding Obligation arising from the vesting of those Stock Units and the related issuance of shares of Common Stock to you that is not otherwise satisfied pursuant to Section 10(c) hereof and (B) all applicable fees
and commissions due to, or required to be collected by, the Agent with respect thereto;     (2)  Remit directly to the Company and/or
any Affiliate the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Withholding Obligation;  
      5.  

(3)  Retain the amount required to cover all applicable fees and commissions due to, or
required to be collected by, the Agent, relating directly to the sale of the shares of Common Stock referred to in clause (1) above; and  
  (4)  Remit any remaining funds to you.  
  (ii)  You acknowledge that your election to Sell to Cover and the corresponding authorization and instruction to the Agent set forth in
this Section 10(b) to sell Common Stock to satisfy the Withholding Obligation is intended to comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) under the Exchange Act and to be interpreted to comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the
Exchange Act (your election to Sell to Cover and the provisions of this Section 10(b), collectively, the    10b5-1 Plan   ). You acknowledge that by accepting this Award, you are adopting the 10b5-1 Plan to permit you to satisfy
the Withholding Obligation. You hereby authorize the Company and the Agent to cooperate and communicate with one another to determine the number of shares of Common Stock that must be sold pursuant to Section 10(b)(i) to satisfy your obligations
hereunder.     (iii)  You acknowledge that the Agent is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of Common Stock at any particular
price under this 10b5-1 Plan and that the Agent may effect sales as provided in this 10b5-1 Plan in one or more sales and that the average price for executions resulting from bunched orders may be assigned to your account. You further acknowledge
that you will be responsible for all brokerage fees and other costs of sale associated with this 10b5-1 Plan, and you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses, costs, damages, or expenses relating to any such sale. In
addition, you acknowledge that it may not be possible to sell shares of Common Stock as provided for in this 10b5-1 Plan due to (i) a legal or contractual restriction applicable to you or the Agent, (ii) a market disruption, (iii) a sale effected
pursuant to this 10b5-1 Plan that would not comply (or in the reasonable opinion of the Agent s counsel is likely not to comply) with the Securities Act, (iv) the Company s determination that sales may not be effected under this 10b5-1
Plan or (v) rules governing order execution priority on the national exchange where the Common Stock may be traded. In the event of the Agent s inability to sell shares of Common Stock, you will continue to be responsible for the timely payment
to the Company of all federal, state, local and foreign taxes that are required by applicable laws and regulations to be withheld, including but not limited to those amounts specified in Section 10(b)(i)(1) above.  
  (iv)  You acknowledge that regardless of any other term or condition of this 10b5-1 Plan, the Agent will not be liable to you for (A)
special, indirect, punitive, exemplary, or consequential damages, or incidental losses or damages of any kind, or (B) any failure to perform or for any delay in performance that results from a cause or circumstance that is beyond its reasonable
control.     (v)  You hereby agree to execute and deliver to the Agent any other agreements or documents as the Agent reasonably deems
necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this 10b5-1 Plan. The Agent is a third-party beneficiary of this Section 10(b) and the terms of this 10b5-1 Plan.  
      6.  

(vi)  Your election to Sell to Cover and to enter into this 10b5-1 Plan is irrevocable.
Upon acceptance of the Award, you have elected to Sell to Cover and to enter into this 10b5-1 Plan, and you acknowledge that you may not change this election at any time in the future. This 10b5-1 Plan shall terminate not later than the date on
which the Withholding Obligation arising from the vesting of your Stock Units and the related issuance of shares of Common Stock has been satisfied.  
  (c)  Alternatively, or in addition to or in combination with the Sell to Cover provided for under Section 10(b), you authorize the
Company, at its discretion, to satisfy the Withholding Obligation by the following means (or by a combination of the following means):  
  (i)  Requiring you to pay to the Company any portion of the Withholding Obligation in cash;  
  (ii)  Withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company; and/or  
  (iii)  Withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to you in connection with the
Award with a Fair Market Value (measured as of the date shares of Common Stock are issued pursuant to Section 6) equal to the amount of the Withholding Obligation; provided, however, that the number of such shares of Common Stock so withheld shall
not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Company s or Affiliate s required tax withholding obligations using the minimum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that
are applicable to supplemental taxable income (or such other amount as may be permitted while still avoiding classification of the Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes).  
  (d)  Unless the Withholding Obligation of the Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied, the Company shall have no obligation to
deliver to you any Common Stock.     (e)  In the event the Withholding Obligation of the Company arises prior to the delivery to you of
Common Stock or it is determined after the delivery of Common Stock to you that the amount of the Withholding Obligation was greater than the amount withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by
the Company to withhold the proper amount.     11.   U NSECURED  O BLIGATION .  Your Award is unfunded,
and as a holder of a vested Award, you shall be considered an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company s obligation, if any, to issue shares pursuant to this Agreement. You shall not have voting or any other rights as a
stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such shares are issued to you pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement. Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a
stockholder of the Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person.
 
      7.  

12.   O THER  D OCUMENTS    . You hereby
acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s policy
on trading in Company securities permitting employees to sell shares only during certain  window  periods and the Company s insider trading policy, in effect from time to time.  
  13.   N OTICES       .  Any notices provided for in your Award, the Plan or the LTIP shall be
given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided
to the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan, the LTIP and this Award by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in
the Plan or the LTIP by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to agree to participate in the Plan and the LTIP through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by
the Company, the Agent or another third party designated by the Company and agree notice shall be provided upon posting to your electronic account held by the Company, the Agent or another third party designated by the Company.  
  14. M ISCELLANEOUS .   
  (a)  The rights and obligations of the Company under your Award shall be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all
covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns. Your rights and obligations under your Award may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company.  
  (b)  You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the
Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award.     (c)  You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in its
entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your Award, and fully understand all provisions of your Award.  
  (d)  This Agreement shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies
or national securities exchanges as may be required.     (e)  All obligations of the Company under the Plan, the LTIP and this
Agreement shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the
Company.     15.   G OVERNING  P LAN  D OCUMENT       .  Your Award
is subject to all the provisions of the Plan and the LTIP, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and
adopted pursuant to the Plan or the LTIP. Except as expressly provided herein, in the event of any conflict between the provisions of your Award, the Plan and the LTIP, the provisions of the Plan shall control.  
      8.  

16.   S EVERABILITY .  If all or any part of this Agreement, the Plan or
the LTIP is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Agreement, the Plan or the LTIP not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of
this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining
lawful and valid.     17.   E FFECT   ON  O THER  E MPLOYEE 
B ENEFIT  P LANS .  The value of the Award subject to this Agreement shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating the Employee s benefits under any employee
benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company s or any Affiliate s employee benefit
plans.     18.   A MENDMENT .  This Agreement, the Plan and the LTIP may be modified, amended or terminated by the
Company at any time without your consent.  
      9.  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 d251389dex104.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10.4 

Exhibit 10.4   
   AMENDED   RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT    
  THIS AMENDED       RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  (  Agreement  ) is made and entered into
as of the 26 th  day of October, 2016, by and between SEATTLE GENETICS, INC., a Delaware corporation (  Company  ) and Clay B. Siegall (  Executive  ).  
  RECITALS:   
  WHEREAS , Executive and Company are parties to the Amended   Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated December 15, 2008 (the
  Prior Agreement  ) and wish to amend and restate the Prior Agreement.     NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of
the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:     I.
DUTIES     1.1  Title and Responsibilities.    Executive shall serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company. Executive s responsibilities and duties shall include those inherent in Executive s position with the Company and shall further include such other managerial responsibilities and executive duties consistent with such position as
may be assigned to Executive from time to time by the Chairman of the Board or the Board of Directors of the Company. Executive shall devote his best efforts and full business time to the business and interests of the Company. During the term of
Executive s employment with the Company, Executive may serve on the board of directors of other companies, manage personal investments, and engage in civic and charitable activities, provided that such activities shall not represent a conflict
of interest with the Company and do not materially detract from fulfilling Executive s responsibilities and duties to the Company.  
 1.2  Board of Directors.      The Board of Directors of the Company shall take whatever steps are necessary to
continue to nominate Executive for election to the Board of Directors of the Company in every election of Executive s class of directors presented to stockholders following execution of this Agreement.  
  II. COMPENSATION     2.1  Base
Salary.      Executive shall be paid a base salary (  Base Salary  ) by the Company during the term of Executive s employment at the rate determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the
  Compensation Committee  ). Executive s Base Salary shall be reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee and evaluated based on performance and salary levels of other executives of comparable position within the industry and
geographic location of the Company. Based upon such evaluation and review, Executive s Base Salary may be adjusted from time to time as determined by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion.  

2.2  Bonus.      Executive may be eligible to receive an annual bonus
(  Annual Bonus  ), based on a target percentage of Executive s Base Salary determined by the Compensation Committee. The amount of the annual bonus shall be based upon performance criteria and financial and operational results
of the Company as determined by the Compensation Committee. To the extent that the Annual Bonus is earned and becomes payable in accordance with the terms under which it is offered and unless otherwise specified in a written document reflecting the
bonus arrangement, any Annual Bonus earned by Executive will be paid to Executive prior to two and one half (2   1   2 ) months following the year in which the
Annual Bonus becomes payable as a result of Executive s vesting in the right to the Annual Bonus.    2.3  Equity
Awards . Executive may be eligible to receive grants of stock options or other equity awards from time to time in the future, on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Compensation Committee shall determine as of the date of any
such grant and pursuant to the existing equity plan(s) of the Company.    2.4  Other Benefits.   
 (i) Executive shall be entitled to such employee benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company, including
without limitation, health insurance, paid vacation of not less than four (4) weeks per year, retirement plans and other similar benefits; provided, that Company reserves the right to amend, modify, terminate or make any other changes in such
benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company at any time in its sole discretion.    (ii) The Company
shall pay or reimburse Executive for all travel and entertainment expenses incurred by Executive in connection with Executive s duties on behalf of the Company, subject to the reasonable approval of the Company. Executive shall only be entitled
to reimbursement to the extent that Executive follows the reasonable procedures established by the Company for reimbursement of such expenses which will include, but will not be limited to, providing satisfactory evidence of such expenditures.  
  III. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT   
 3.1  Termination of Employment and Severance Benefits .  
 (a)  Termination of Employment . This Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events:  
 (i) The Company s determination in good faith that it is terminating Executive for Cause (as defined in Section 3.3 below)
(  Termination for Cause      (ii) The Company s determination that it is terminating Executive without Cause,
which determination may be made by the Company at any time at the Company s sole discretion, for any or no reason (  Termination Without Cause    
      - 2 -  

(iii) The effective date of a written notice sent to the Company from Executive stating
that Executive is electing to terminate his employment with the Company (  Voluntary Termination      (iv) A change
in Executive s status such that a  Constructive Termination  (as defined in Section 3.2(d) below) has occurred; or  
 (v) Following Executive s death or  Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below).  
 3.2  Severance Benefits . Executive shall be entitled to receive severance benefits upon termination of employment only as set
forth in this Section 3.2 contingent upon resignation from all positions held by Executive and only if Executive executes a full release and waiver of claims within thirty (30) days of Executive s termination (and allows it to become
effective in accordance with its terms):    (a)  Voluntary Termination . If Executive s employment terminates by
Voluntary Termination, then Executive shall not be entitled to receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and
Executive s benefits will be continued under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of termination and in accordance with applicable law.  
 (b)  Involuntary Termination . If Executive s employment is terminated under Section 3.1(a)(ii) (Termination Without
Cause) or 3.1(a)(iv) (Constructive Termination) above (such termination, an   Involuntary Termination  ), Executive will be entitled to receive payment of severance benefits equal to Executive s regular monthly salary for twelve
(12) months (the   Severance Period   provided, that if the Involuntary Termination occurs within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control (as defined below), such Severance Period shall be for a period of twenty-four
(24) months. Such payments shall be made, at the Company s option, in a lump sum within thirty (30) days after the date of Executive s Involuntary Termination or periodically over the Severance Period according to the
Company s standard payroll schedule, provided that such payments may not extend beyond two and one-half (2   1   2 ) months following the end of the calendar
year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will also be entitled to receive payment on the date of Involuntary Termination of the pro rata portion of any Annual Bonus based on achievement of the specific corporate and
individual performance targets established for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs, payable prior to two and one-half (2   1   2 ) months following the
end of the calendar year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and health insurance benefits
will be continued through payment of Executive s COBRA health insurance premiums by the Company over the Severance Period so long as Executive timely elects to continue Executive s health insurance coverage under COBRA and subject to
COBRA s terms, conditions and requirements.    (c)  Termination for Cause . If Executive s employment is terminated
for Cause, then Executive shall not be entitled to receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and
Executive s benefits will be continued under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of termination and in accordance with applicable law.  
      - 3 -  

(d)  Constructive Termination .   Constructive Termination   shall
be deemed to occur if (A) there is a material reduction or change in job duties, responsibilities and requirements inconsistent with Executive s position with the Company and prior duties, responsibilities and requirements, provided that
neither a mere change in title alone nor reassignment to a position that is substantially similar to the position held prior to the change in terms of job duties, responsibilities or requirements shall constitute a material reduction in job
responsibilities; or (B) there is a reduction in Executive s then-current base salary by at least twenty percent (20%), provided that an across-the-board reduction in the salary level of all other senior executives by the same percentage
amount as part of a general salary level reduction shall not constitute such a salary reduction; or (C) Executive refuses to relocate to a facility or location more than 50 miles from the Company s current location; provided, however, that
in each case above, Executive must first provide notice of the existence of the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of such circumstances and the Company must be provided with
a period of thirty (30) days from the date of receipt of such notice to cure the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination; provided further that the Company may notify Executive at any time prior to expiration of the cure period
that it will not cure the circumstances, in which case the cure period shall end immediately upon such notification.  
 (e)  Termination by Reason of Death or Disability . In the event that Executive s employment with the Company terminates
as a result of Executive s death or  Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below), Executive or Executive s estate or representative will receive all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of
Executive s death or Disability and any other benefits payable under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of death or Disability and in accordance with
applicable law. In addition, Executive s estate or representative will receive the amount of Executive s Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which the death or Disability occurs to the extent that the Annual Bonus has been earned as of the
date of Executive s death or Disability, as determined by the Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee based on the specific corporate and individual performance targets established for such fiscal year, which will be paid prior to two
and one-half (2   1   2 ) months following the year of Executive s death or Disability (subject to Executive s termination as a result of such
Disability).    3.3  Definition of Cause . For purposes of this Agreement,   Cause   for Executive s
termination will exist at any time after the happening of one or more of the following events:    (a) An action or omission of
Executive which constitutes a willful and intentional material breach of this Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement (defined below), including without limitation, Executive s theft or other misappropriation of the Company s
proprietary information;    (b) Executive s commitment of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation of funds or breach of trust in
connection with Executive s employment; or  
      - 4 -  

(c) Executive s conviction of any crime which involves dishonesty or a breach of trust,
or gross negligence in connection with the performance of the Executive s duties.    3.4.  Definition of
Disability . For purposes of this Agreement   Disability   shall mean any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a
continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months and renders Executive unable to perform the duties of President   CEO.     IV. STOCK
ACCELERATION     4.1  Accelerated Vesting . Unless specifically provided otherwise in the applicable equity award
agreement, in addition to any other right of acceleration that may be provided pursuant to any equity award plan or agreement pursuant to which Executive has been granted an equity award by the Company, if Executive s employment is
terminated due to an Involuntary Termination, the vesting of any equity awards granted by the Company to Executive shall accelerate such that such equity awards shall become vested as to an additional twelve (12) months, effective as of the
date of such Involuntary Termination, to the extent that such equity awards are outstanding and unvested as of the date of such Involuntary Termination. For the avoidance of any doubt, the preceding sentence shall prevail over any provision in an
equity award agreement providing that unvested equity awards shall terminate or be forfeited as of the date of such termination, and any such provision shall be inoperative to the extent in conflict with this Section. Unless specifically provided
otherwise in the applicable equity award agreement, in the event of a Change of Control (as defined below), in addition to any other right of acceleration that may be provided pursuant to any equity award plan or agreement pursuant to which
Executive has been granted an equity award by the Company, the vesting of all equity awards granted by the Company to Executive shall be accelerated completely so that such equity awards shall become fully vested, effective as of the date of
such Change of Control, to the extent that such equity awards are outstanding and unvested immediately prior to the date of such Change of Control.  
 4.2  Definition of Change of Control.      For purposes of this Agreement,   Change of Control   shall
mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) an acquisition of the Company by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation
but excluding any merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company), or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (collectively, a   Merger  ), so long as in either
case the Company s stockholders of record immediately prior to such Merger will, immediately after such Merger, hold less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving or acquiring entity.  
  V. RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS   
 5.1  Confidentiality Agreement . Executive shall sign, or has signed the Company s form of Proprietary Information and
Inventions Agreement (the   Confidentiality Agreement  ). Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that he has complied with all obligations under the Confidentiality Agreement and agrees to continue to abide by the
terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and further agrees that the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement or of Executive s employment relationship with the Company, including the
noncompetition provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement.  
      - 5 -  

VI. OTHER PROVISIONS   
 6.1  Limitation on Severance Benefits . In the event that any severance benefits provided for in this Agreement to Executive
(i) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the   Code  ) and (ii) but for this Section 6.1, would be subject to the excise tax
imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executive s severance benefits under Section 3.2 shall be payable either:  
 (a) in full, or  
 (b) as to such lesser amount which would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the
Code, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of
benefits under Section 3.2 notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Any determination required under this Section 6.1 shall be made in writing by independent public
accountants appointed by Executive and reasonably acceptable to the Company (the   Accountants  ), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the
calculations required by this Section 6.1, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and
4999 of the Code. The Company and Executive shall furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 6.1. The Company shall bear all costs the
Accountants may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 6.1. If a reduced amount is to be paid under this Section 6.1, reductions in payments and/or benefits shall occur in the following order:
(1) reduction of cash payments, (2) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock awards other than stock options, (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock options and (4) reduction of other benefits (if any) paid to the
Executive.    6.2  Code Section     409A . This Agreement shall be interpreted to avoid any penalty sanctions
under Section 409A of the Code and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder (  Section 409A  ). If any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without incurring sanctions
under Section 409A, then such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such sanctions will not be imposed. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may be made only
upon a  separation of service  under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if at the time of Executive s termination of employment, Executive is a  specified employee  within the
meaning of Section 409A, and the deferral of the commencement of any severance payments or benefits otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result of such termination of employment is necessary in order to prevent any accelerated
income recognition or additional tax under Section 409A(a)(1), then the Company  
      - 6 -  

will not commence any payment of any such severance payments or benefits otherwise required hereunder (but without any reduction in such payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to
Executive) that (a) will not and may not under any circumstances, regardless of when such termination occurs, be paid in full by March 15 of the year following Executive s termination (or two and one half (2   1   2 ) months after the close of the Company s fiscal year, if later), and (b) are in excess of the lesser of (i) two (2) times Executive s
then annual compensation or (ii) two (2) times the limit on compensation set forth in Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated and will not be paid by the end of the second
calendar year following the year in which the termination occurs, until the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service  with the Company (as defined under
Code Section 409A). If any payments are delayed due to such requirements, such amounts will be paid in a lump sum to Executive on the earliest of (x) Executive s death following the date of Executive s termination of employment
with the Company or (y) the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service  with the Company. For these purposes, each severance payment or benefit is
designated as a separate payment or benefit and will not collectively be treated as a single payment or benefit. This provision is intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits
to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to
this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, to the extent that any amendment to this Agreement with respect to the payment of any severance payments or benefits would constitute under Section 409A a delay or acceleration in a payment or a
change in the form of payment, then such amendment must be done in a manner that complies with Section 409A(a)(4)(C).  
 6.3  Indemnification . The Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, to the fullest extent permitted
by law and as set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, from and against any expenses, including legal fees, and all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with
legal, administrative or investigative proceedings to which the Executive is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of the fact the Executive is or was a director or officer of the Company.  
 6.4  Entire Agreement.      This Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement, the indemnification agreement between
Executive and the Company and any agreement pertaining to Executive s equity awards contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to Executive s employment by the Company and compensation payable to Executive
by the Company and supersede all prior understandings, agreements and discussions, including the Prior Agreement. This Agreement may only be amended or modified by a written instrument executed by Executive and the Company, in each case
pursuant to authorization by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee thereof.  
      - 7 -  

6.5  Notices.      Any and all notices permitted or required to be given
under this Agreement must be in writing. Notices will be deemed given (i) on the first business day after having been sent by commercial overnight courier with written verification of receipt, or (ii) on the third business day after having
been sent by registered or certified mail from a location on the United States mainland, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, whichever occurs first, at the address set forth below or at any new address, notice of which will have been given in
accordance with this Section 6.5:      
   6.6  Non-Waiver.      Failure to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this
Agreement shall not be interpreted to be a waiver of such provisions or to affect either the validity of this Agreement or the right of either party thereafter to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement.  
 6.7  Separability.      If one or more provisions of this Agreement is finally determined to be invalid or
unenforceable, such provision will not affect or impair the other provisions of this Agreement, all of which will continue to be in effect and will be enforceable, provided, however, that any such invalid provisions shall, to the extent possible, be
reformed so as to implement insofar as practicable the intentions of the parties.    6.8  Term.      The employment
of Executive under this Agreement shall be for an unspecified term. The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that Executive s employment is and shall continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law, and that Executive s
employment with the Company may be terminated by either party at any time for any or no reason, and with or without notice. If Executive s employment terminates for any reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages
award or compensation other than as provided in this Agreement.    6.9  Law.      This Agreement shall be
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington.    6 . 10  No Duty to Mitigate . Executive shall not
be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement (whether by seeking new employment or in any other manner), nor, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, shall any such payment be reduced by any earnings that
Executive may receive from any other source.  
      - 8 -  

6.11  Legal Fees.      In the event either party breaches this
Agreement, the nonbreaching party shall be entitled to recover from the breaching party any and all damages, costs and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys  fees and court costs, incurred by the nonbreaching party as a result of
the breach.    6 . 12  Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts which when taken together will
constitute one instrument. Any copy of this Agreement with the original signatures of all parties appended will constitute an original.  
      - 9 -  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above
written.      

SEATTLE GENETICS, INC.        
 
 By: 
   
   /s/ Todd Simpson   
 
 Name: 
   
 Todd Simpson   
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
        EXECUTIVE    

/s/ Clay B. Siegall  
 
  CLAY B. SIEGALL   

- 10 -  

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 d251389dex105.htm
 EX-10.5

EX-10.5 

Exhibit 10.5   
   AMENDED   RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT    
  THIS AMENDED   RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  (  Agreement  ) is made and entered into as of the 26 th  day of October, 2016, by and between SEATTLE GENETICS, INC., a Delaware corporation (  Company  ) and Todd Simpson (  Executive  ).  
  RECITALS:      A.  The
Company desires that Executive perform his services as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, having been duly appointed to such position.  
  B.  Executive desires to continue in such engagement.  
  C.  This Agreement contains other provisions applicable to the employment of Executive by the Company.  
  D.  The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that as of the date of this Agreement, this Agreement amends and restates and
supersedes the Amended   Restated Executive Employment Agreement that was made and entered into as of December 15 ,  2008, by and between the Company and Executive (the   Prior Agreement  ).  
 In consideration of the above Recitals and the provisions of this Agreement, the Company and Executive agree as follows:  
  I. DUTIES     1.1  Title and
Responsibilities.  Executive shall serve as Chief Financial Officer (  CFO  ) of the Company, which title may be changed at any time in the sole discretion of the Company. Executive s responsibilities and duties shall include
those inherent in Executive s position with the Company and shall further include such other managerial responsibilities and executive duties consistent with such position as may be assigned to Executive from time to time by the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company. Executive shall devote his best efforts and full business time to the business and interests of the Company. During the term of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive may serve on the board of directors of
other companies, manage personal investments, and engage in civic and charitable activities, provided that such activities shall not represent a conflict of interest with the Company and do not materially detract from fulfilling Executive s
responsibilities and duties to the Company.  

II. COMPENSATION   
 2.1  Base Salary.  Executive shall be paid a base salary (  Base Salary  ) by the Company during the term of
Executive s employment at the rate determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the   Compensation Committee  ), or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive .
Executive s Base Salary shall be reviewed annually and evaluated based on performance and salary levels of other executives of comparable position within the industry and geographic location of the Company. Based upon such evaluation and
review, Executive s Base Salary may be adjusted from time to time as determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive, in its or their sole discretion.  
 2.2  Bonus.  In addition to Base Salary, Executive may be eligible to receive an annual bonus (  Annual Bonus  ), based on
a target percentage of Executive s Base Salary determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. The amount of the annual bonus shall be based upon performance
criteria and financial and operational results of the Company as determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. To the extent that the Annual Bonus is earned and
becomes payable in accordance with the terms under which it is offered and unless otherwise specified in a written document reflecting the bonus arrangement, any Annual Bonus earned by Executive will be paid to Executive prior to two and one half (2
  1   2 ) months following the year in which the Annual Bonus becomes payable as a result of Executive s vesting in the right to the Annual Bonus.  
  2. 3  Equity Awards . Executive may be eligible to receive grants of stock options or other equity awards from time to time in the
future, on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive, shall determine as of the date of any such grant and pursuant to the
existing equity plan(s) of the Company.    2.4  Other Benefits.   
 (i) Executive shall be entitled to such employee benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company, including
without limitation, health insurance, paid vacation of not less than four (4) weeks per year, retirement plans and other similar benefits; provided, that Company reserves the right to amend, modify, terminate or make any other changes in such
benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company at any time in its sole discretion.    (ii) The Company shall
pay or reimburse Executive for all travel and entertainment expenses incurred by Executive in connection with Executive s duties on behalf of the Company, subject to the reasonable approval of the Company. Executive shall only be entitled to
reimbursement to the extent that Executive follows the reasonable procedures established by the Company for reimbursement of such expenses which will include, but will not be limited to, providing satisfactory evidence of such expenditures.  
      - 2 -  

III. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT   
 3.1  Termination of Employment and Severance Benefits  .   
 (a)  Termination of Employment  .  This Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events:  
 (i) The Company s determination in good faith that it is terminating Executive for Cause (as defined in Section 3.3 below)
(  Termination for Cause      (ii) The Company s determination that it is terminating Executive without Cause, which
determination may be made by the Company at any time at the Company s sole discretion, for any or no reason (  Termination Without Cause    
 (iii) The effective date of a written notice sent to the Company from Executive stating that Executive is electing to terminate his
employment with the Company (  Voluntary Termination      (iv) A change in Executive s status such that a
 Constructive Termination  (as defined in Section 3.2(d) below) has occurred; or    (v) Following Executive s death or
 Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below).    3.2  Severance Benefits  .  Executive shall be entitled to receive
severance benefits upon termination of employment only as set forth in this Section 3.2 contingent upon resignation from all positions held by Executive and only if Executive executes a full release and waiver of claims within thirty (30) days of
Executive s termination (and allows it to become effective in accordance with its terms):    (a)  Voluntary Termination  . 
If Executive s employment terminates by Voluntary Termination, then Executive shall not be entitled to receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of
Executive s termination of employment and Executive s benefits will be continued under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of termination and in
accordance with applicable law.    (b)  Involuntary Termination  .  If Executive s employment is terminated under Section
3.1(a)(ii) (Termination Without Cause) or 3.1(a)(iv) (Constructive Termination) above (such termination, an   Involuntary Termination  ), Executive will be entitled to receive payment of severance benefits equal to Executive s
regular monthly salary for twelve (12) months (the   Severance Period  ). Such payments shall be made, at the Company s option, in a lump sum within thirty (30) days after the date of Executive s Involuntary Termination or
periodically over the Severance Period according to the Company s standard payroll schedule, provided that such payments may not extend beyond two and one-half (2   1   2 ) months following the end of the calendar year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will also be entitled to receive payment on the date of Involuntary Termination of the pro rata
portion of any  
      - 3 -  

Annual Bonus based on achievement of the specific corporate and individual performance targets established for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs, payable prior to two and one-half
(2   1   2 ) months following the end of the calendar year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary
and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and health insurance benefits will be continued through payment of Executive s COBRA health insurance premiums by the Company over the Severance Period so
long as Executive timely elects to continue Executive s health insurance coverage under COBRA and subject to COBRA s terms, conditions and requirements.  
 (c)  Termination for Cause  .  If Executive s employment is terminated for Cause, then Executive shall not be entitled to
receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and Executive s benefits will be continued under the
Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of termination and in accordance with applicable law.  
 (d)  Constructive Termination  .    Constructive Termination   shall be deemed to occur if (A) there is a material
reduction or change in job duties, responsibilities and requirements inconsistent with Executive s position with the Company and prior duties, responsibilities and requirements, provided that neither a mere change in title alone nor
reassignment to a position that is substantially similar to the position held prior to the change in terms of job duties, responsibilities or requirements shall constitute a material reduction in job responsibilities; or (B) there is a reduction in
Executive s then-current base salary by at least twenty percent (20%), provided that an across-the-board reduction in the salary level of all other senior executives by the same percentage amount as part of a general salary level reduction
shall not constitute such a salary reduction; or (C) Executive refuses to relocate to a facility or location more than 50 miles from the Company s current location; provided, however, that in each case above, Executive must first provide notice
of the existence of the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of such circumstances and the Company must be provided with a period of thirty (30) days from the date of receipt of
such notice to cure the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination; provided further that the Company may notify Executive at any time prior to expiration of the cure period that it will not cure the circumstances, in which case the
cure period shall end immediately upon such notification.    (e)  Termination by Reason of Death or Disability  .  In the event
that Executive s employment with the Company terminates as a result of Executive s death or  Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below), Executive or Executive s estate or representative will receive all salary and unpaid
vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s death or Disability and any other benefits payable under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of death or
Disability and in accordance with applicable law. In addition, Executive s estate or representative will receive the amount of Executive s Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which the death or Disability occurs to the extent that the
Annual Bonus has been earned as of the date of Executive s death or Disability, as determined by the Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee based on the specific corporate and individual performance targets established for such fiscal
year, which will be paid prior to two and one-half (2   1   2 ) months following the year of Executive s death or Disability (subject to Executive s
termination as a result of such Disability).  
      - 4 -  

3.3  Definition of Cause  .  For purposes of this Agreement,   Cause  
for Executive s termination will exist at any time after the happening of one or more of the following events:    (a) An action or
omission of Executive which constitutes a willful and intentional material breach of this Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement (defined below), including without limitation, Executive s theft or other misappropriation of the
Company s proprietary information;    (b) Executive s commitment of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation of funds or breach of
trust in connection with Executive s employment; or    (c) Executive s conviction of any crime which involves dishonesty or a
breach of trust, or gross negligence in connection with the performance of the Executive s duties.    3.4.  Definition of
Disability  .  For purposes of this Agreement   Disability   shall mean any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a
continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months and renders Executive unable to perform the duties of CFO.     IV. STOCK ACCELERATION   
 4.1  Accelerated Vesting . Unless specifically provided otherwise in the applicable equity award agreement, in addition to any other right
of acceleration that may be provided pursuant to any equity award plan or agreement pursuant to which Executive has been granted an equity award by the Company, if Executive s employment is terminated due to an Involuntary Termination, the
vesting of any equity awards granted by the Company to Executive shall accelerate such that such equity awards shall become vested as to an additional twelve (12) months, effective as of the date of such Involuntary Termination, to the extent that
such equity awards are outstanding and unvested as of the date of such Involuntary Termination;  provided  that if such Involuntary Termination occurs within twelve (12) months after a Change of Control (as defined below), then the vesting of
all such equity awards shall be accelerated completely so that such equity awards shall become fully vested, effective as of the date of such Involuntary Termination, to the extent that such equity awards are outstanding and unvested as of the date
of such Involuntary Termination. For the avoidance of any doubt, this Section shall prevail over any provision in an equity award agreement providing that unvested equity awards shall terminate or be forfeited as of the date of such termination, and
any such provision shall be inoperative to the extent it is in conflict with this Section.    4.2  Definition of Change of Control.
 For purposes of this Agreement,   Change of Control   shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) an acquisition of the Company by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions
(including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation but excluding any merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company), or (ii) a  
      - 5 -  

sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (collectively, a   Merger  ), so long as in either case the Company s stockholders of record immediately prior to
such Merger will, immediately after such Merger, hold less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving or acquiring entity.     V.
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS     5.1  Confidentiality Agreement  .  Executive shall sign, or has signed the Company s form of
Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement (the   Confidentiality Agreement  ). Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that he has complied with all obligations under the Confidentiality Agreement and agrees to
continue to abide by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and further agrees that the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement or of Executive s employment relationship with the Company,
including the noncompetition provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement.     VI. OTHER PROVISIONS   
 6.1  Limitation on Severance Benefits  .  In the event that any severance benefits provided for in this Agreement to Executive (i)
constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the   Code  ) and (ii) but for this Section 6.1, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999
of the Code, then Executive s severance benefits under Section 3.2 shall be payable either:    (a) in full, or  
 (b) as to such lesser amount which would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code,
   whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999,
results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits under Section 3.2 notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Any determination required under
this Section 6.1 shall be made in writing by independent public accountants appointed by Executive and reasonably acceptable to the Company (the   Accountants  ), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Executive and
the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 6.1, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations
concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and Executive shall furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section
6.1. The Company shall bear all costs the Accountants may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 6.1. If a reduced amount is to be paid under this Section 6.1, reductions in payments and/or benefits shall
occur in the following order: (1) reduction of cash payments, (2) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock awards other than stock options, (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock options and (4) reduction of other benefits (if any)
paid to the Executive.  
      - 6 -  

6.2  Code Section 409A . This Agreement shall be interpreted to avoid any penalty sanctions
under Section 409A of the Code and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder (  Section 409A  ). If any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without incurring sanctions under
Section 409A, then such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such sanctions will not be imposed. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may be made only upon a
 separation of service  under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if at the time of Executive s termination of employment, Executive is a  specified employee  within the meaning of
Section 409A, and the deferral of the commencement of any severance payments or benefits otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result of such termination of employment is necessary in order to prevent any accelerated income recognition
or additional tax under Section 409A(a)(1), then the Company will not commence any payment of any such severance payments or benefits otherwise required hereunder (but without any reduction in such payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to
Executive) that (a) will not and may not under any circumstances, regardless of when such termination occurs, be paid in full by March 15 of the year following Executive s termination (or two and one half (2
  1   2 ) months after the close of the Company s fiscal year, if later), and (b) are in excess of the lesser of (i) two (2) times Executive s then
annual compensation or (ii) two (2) times the limit on compensation set forth in Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated and will not be paid by the end of the second calendar year following the
year in which the termination occurs, until the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service  with the Company (as defined under Code Section 409A). If any payments
are delayed due to such requirements, such amounts will be paid in a lump sum to Executive on the earliest of (x) Executive s death following the date of Executive s termination of employment with the Company or (y) the first payroll date
that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service  with the Company. For these purposes, each severance payment or benefit is designated as a separate payment or benefit and will not
collectively be treated as a single payment or benefit. This provision is intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional
tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are
necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, to the extent that any
amendment to this Agreement with respect to the payment of any severance payments or benefits would constitute under Section 409A a delay or acceleration in a payment or a change in the form of payment, then such amendment must be done in a manner
that complies with Section 409A(a)(4)(C).  
      - 7 -  

6.3  Indemnification . The Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Executive
harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law and as set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, from and against any expenses, including legal fees, and all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings to which the Executive is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of the fact the Executive is or was a director or officer of the Company.  
 6.4  Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement, the indemnification agreement between Executive and the Company
and any agreement pertaining to Executive s equity awards contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to Executive s employment by the Company and compensation payable to Executive by the Company and
supersede all prior understandings, agreements and discussions, including the Prior Agreement. This Agreement may only be amended or modified by a written instrument executed by Executive and the Company pursuant to authorization by any individual
or individuals authorized to approve the compensation and other terms of employment of Executive.    6.5  Notices.  Any and all notices
permitted or required to be given under this Agreement must be in writing. Notices will be deemed given (i) on the first business day after having been sent by commercial overnight courier with written verification of receipt, or (ii) on the third
business day after having been sent by registered or certified mail from a location on the United States mainland, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, whichever occurs first, at the address set forth below or at any new address, notice of
which will have been given in accordance with this Section 6.4:      
   6.6  Non-Waiver.  Failure to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be
interpreted to be a waiver of such provisions or to affect either the validity of this Agreement or the right of either party thereafter to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement.  
 6.7  Separability.  If one or more provisions of this Agreement is finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will
not affect or impair the other provisions of this Agreement, all of which will continue to be in effect and will be enforceable, provided, however, that any such invalid provisions shall, to the extent possible, be reformed so as to implement
insofar as practicable the intentions of the parties.  
      - 8 -  

6.8  Term.  The employment of Executive under this Agreement shall be for an unspecified
term. The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that Executive s employment is and shall continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law, and that Executive s employment with the Company may be terminated by either party at
any time for any or no reason, and with or without notice. If Executive s employment terminates for any reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages award or compensation other than as provided in this Agreement.
   6.9  Law.  This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington.  
 6 . 10  No Duty to Mitigate  .  Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this
Agreement (whether by seeking new employment or in any other manner), nor, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, shall any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source.  
 6.11  Legal Fees.  In the event either party breaches this Agreement, the nonbreaching party shall be entitled to recover from the
breaching party any and all damages, costs and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys  fees and court costs, incurred by the nonbreaching party as a result of the breach.  
 6 . 12  Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts which when taken together will constitute one instrument. Any
copy of this Agreement with the original signatures of all parties appended will constitute an original.  
      - 9 -  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above
written.       

COMPANY:    

SEATTLE GENETICS, INC.    

By: 
   
 /s/ Clay B. Siegall  

Name: 
   
 Clay B. Siegall  

Title: 
   
 President   Chief Executive Officer  

EXECUTIVE    

/s/ Todd Simpson  
 
    Todd Simpson    

- 10 -  

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 7
 d251389dex106.htm
 EX-10.6

EX-10.6 

Exhibit 10.6   
   AMENDED   RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT    
  THIS AMENDED   RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  (  Agreement  ) is made and entered into as of the 26 th  day of October, 2016, by and between SEATTLE GENETICS, INC., a Delaware corporation (  Company  ) and Eric Dobmeier (  Executive  ).  
  RECITALS:      A.  The
Company desires that Executive perform services as Chief Operating Officer of the Company, having been duly appointed to such position.    
  B.  Executive desires to continue in such engagement.  
  C.  This Agreement contains other provisions applicable to the employment of Executive by the Company.  
  D.  The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that as of the date of this Agreement, this Agreement amends and restates and
supersedes the Amended   Restated Executive Employment Agreement that was made and entered into as of December 15 ,  2008, by and between the Company and Executive (the   Prior Agreement  ).  
 In consideration of the above Recitals and the provisions of this Agreement, the Company and Executive agree as follows:  
  I. DUTIES     1.1  Title and
Responsibilities.  Executive shall serve as Chief Operating Officer of the Company, which title may be changed at any time in the sole discretion of the Company. Executive s responsibilities and duties shall include those inherent in
Executive s position with the Company and shall further include such other managerial responsibilities and executive duties consistent with such position as may be assigned to Executive from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of the
Company. Executive shall devote his best efforts to the business and interests of the Company. During the term of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive may serve on the board of directors of other companies, manage personal
investments, and engage in civic and charitable activities, provided that such activities shall not represent a conflict of interest with the Company and do not materially detract from fulfilling Executive s responsibilities and duties to the
Company.     II. COMPENSATION     2.1
 Base Salary.  Executive shall be paid a base salary (  Base Salary  ) by the Company during the term of Executive s employment at the rate determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the
  Compensation Committee  ), or as applicable, any  

individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. Executive s Base Salary shall be reviewed annually and evaluated based on performance and salary levels of other
executives of comparable position within the industry and geographic location of the Company. Based upon such evaluation and review, Executive s Base Salary may be adjusted from time to time as determined by the Compensation Committee, or as
applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive, in its or their sole discretion.    2.2  Bonus. 
In addition to Base Salary, Executive may be eligible to receive an annual bonus (  Annual Bonus  ), based on a target percentage of Executive s Base Salary determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable any
individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. The amount of the annual bonus shall be based upon performance criteria and financial and operational results of the Company as determined by the Compensation Committee, or as
applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. To the extent that the Annual Bonus is earned and becomes payable in accordance with the terms under which it is offered and unless otherwise specified in a
written document reflecting the bonus arrangement, any Annual Bonus earned by Executive will be paid to Executive prior to two and one half (2   1   2 ) months
following the year in which the Annual Bonus becomes payable as a result of Executive s vesting in the right to the Annual Bonus.  
  2. 3  Equity Awards . Executive may be eligible to receive grants of stock options or other equity awards from time to time in the
future, on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive, shall determine as of the date of any such grant and pursuant to the
existing equity plan(s) of the Company.    2.4  Other Benefits.   
 (i) Executive shall be entitled to such employee benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company, including
without limitation, health insurance, paid vacation of not less than four (4) weeks per year, retirement plans and other similar benefits; provided, that Company reserves the right to amend, modify, terminate or make any other changes in such
benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company at any time in its sole discretion.    (ii) The Company shall
pay or reimburse Executive for all travel and entertainment expenses incurred by Executive in connection with Executive s duties on behalf of the Company, subject to the reasonable approval of the Company. Executive shall only be entitled to
reimbursement to the extent that Executive follows the reasonable procedures established by the Company for reimbursement of such expenses which will include, but will not be limited to, providing satisfactory evidence of such expenditures.  
      -2-  

III. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT   
 3.1  Termination of Employment and Severance Benefits  .     
   (a)  Termination of Employment  .    This Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following
events:      (i) The Company s determination in good faith that it is terminating Executive for Cause (as defined in
Section 3.3 below) (  Termination for Cause      (ii) The Company s determination that it is terminating
Executive without Cause, which determination may be made by the Company at any time at the Company s sole discretion, for any or no reason (  Termination Without Cause    
 (iii) The effective date of a written notice sent to the Company from Executive stating that Executive is electing to terminate his
employment with the Company (  Voluntary Termination      (iv) A change in Executive s status such that a
 Constructive Termination  (as defined in Section 3.2(d) below) has occurred; or    (v) Following Executive s death or
 Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below).      3.2  Severance Benefits  .    Executive shall be entitled
to receive severance benefits upon termination of employment only as set forth in this Section 3.2 contingent upon resignation from all positions held by Executive and only if Executive executes a full release and waiver of claims within thirty
(30) days of Executive s termination (and allows it to become effective in accordance with its terms):      (a)  Voluntary
Termination  .  If Executive s employment terminates by Voluntary Termination, then Executive shall not be entitled to receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid vacation
accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and Executive s benefits will be continued under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date
of termination and in accordance with applicable law.    (b)  Involuntary Termination  .  If Executive s employment is
terminated under Section 3.1(a)(ii) (Termination Without Cause) or 3.1(a)(iv) (Constructive Termination) above (such termination, an   Involuntary Termination  ), Executive will be entitled to receive payment of severance
benefits equal to Executive s regular monthly salary for twelve (12) months (the   Severance Period  ). Such payments shall be made, at the Company s option, in a lump sum within thirty (30) days after the date of
Executive s Involuntary Termination or periodically over the Severance Period according to the Company s standard payroll schedule, provided that such payments may not extend beyond two and one-half (2
  1   2 ) months following the end of the calendar year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will also be entitled to receive payment on
the date of Involuntary Termination of the pro rata portion of any  
      -3-  

Annual Bonus based on achievement of the specific corporate and individual performance targets established for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs, payable prior to two and one-half
(2   1   2 ) months following the end of the calendar year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary
and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and health insurance benefits will be continued through payment of Executive s COBRA health insurance premiums by the Company over the Severance Period so
long as Executive timely elects to continue Executive s health insurance coverage under COBRA and subject to COBRA s terms, conditions and requirements.  
 (c)  Termination for Cause  .  If Executive s employment is terminated for Cause, then Executive shall not be entitled to
receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and Executive s benefits will be continued under the
Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of termination and in accordance with applicable law.  
 (d)  Constructive Termination  .    Constructive Termination   shall be deemed to occur if (A) there is a
material reduction or change in job duties, responsibilities and requirements inconsistent with Executive s position with the Company and prior duties, responsibilities and requirements, provided that neither a mere change in title alone nor
reassignment to a position that is substantially similar to the position held prior to the change in terms of job duties, responsibilities or requirements shall constitute a material reduction in job responsibilities; or (B) there is a
reduction in Executive s then-current base salary by at least twenty percent (20%), provided that an across-the-board reduction in the salary level of all other senior executives by the same percentage amount as part of a general salary level
reduction shall not constitute such a salary reduction; or (C) Executive refuses to relocate to a facility or location more than 50 miles from the Company s current location; provided, however, that in each case above, Executive must first
provide notice of the existence of the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of such circumstances and the Company must be provided with a period of thirty (30) days from
the date of receipt of such notice to cure the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination; provided further that the Company may notify Executive at any time prior to expiration of the cure period that it will not cure the
circumstances, in which case the cure period shall end immediately upon such notification.    (e)  Termination by Reason of Death or
Disability  .  In the event that Executive s employment with the Company terminates as a result of Executive s death or  Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below), Executive or Executive s estate or
representative will receive all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s death or Disability and any other benefits payable under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans
and policies in effect on the date of death or Disability and in accordance with applicable law. In addition, Executive s estate or representative will receive the amount of Executive s Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which the death
or Disability occurs to the extent that the Annual Bonus has been earned as of the date of Executive s death or Disability, as determined by the Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee based on the specific corporate and individual
performance targets established for such fiscal year, which will be paid prior to two and one-half (2   1   2 ) months following the year of Executive s death
or Disability (subject to Executive s termination as a result of such Disability).  
      -4-  

3.3  Definition of Cause  .    For purposes of this Agreement,
  Cause   for Executive s termination will exist at any time after the happening of one or more of the following events:    
 (a) An action or omission of Executive which constitutes a willful and intentional material breach of this Agreement or the Confidentiality
Agreement (defined below), including without limitation, Executive s theft or other misappropriation of the Company s proprietary information;  
 (b) Executive s commitment of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation of funds or breach of trust in connection with Executive s
employment; or    (c) Executive s conviction of any crime which involves dishonesty or a breach of trust, or gross negligence in
connection with the performance of the Executive s duties.      3.4.  Definition of Disability  .    For purposes
of this Agreement   Disability   shall mean any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve
(12) months and renders Executive unable to perform the duties of Chief Operating Officer.        IV. STOCK ACCELERATION
    4.1  Accelerated Vesting . Unless specifically provided otherwise in the applicable equity award agreement, in addition to any
other right of acceleration that may be provided pursuant to any equity award plan or agreement pursuant to which Executive has been granted an equity award by the Company, if Executive s employment is terminated due to an Involuntary
Termination, the vesting of any equity awards granted by the Company to Executive shall accelerate such that such equity awards shall become vested as to an additional twelve (12) months, effective as of the date of such Involuntary
Termination, to the extent that such equity awards are outstanding and unvested as of the date of such Involuntary Termination;  provided  that if such Involuntary Termination occurs within twelve (12) months after a Change of Control (as
defined below), then the vesting of all such equity awards shall be accelerated completely so that such equity awards shall become fully vested, effective as of the date of such Involuntary Termination, to the extent that such equity awards are
outstanding and unvested as of the date of such Involuntary Termination. For the avoidance of any doubt, this Section shall prevail over any provision in an equity award agreement providing that unvested equity awards shall terminate or be forfeited
as of the date of such termination, and any such provision shall be inoperative to the extent it is in conflict with this Section.    4.2
 Definition of Change of Control.  For purposes of this Agreement,   Change of Control   shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) an acquisition of the Company by another entity by means of any
transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation but excluding any merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company), or (ii) a
 
      -5-  

sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (collectively, a   Merger  ), so long as in either case the Company s stockholders of record immediately prior to
such Merger will, immediately after such Merger, hold less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving or acquiring entity.     V.
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS       5.1  Confidentiality Agreement  .    Executive shall sign, or has signed the
Company s form of Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement (the   Confidentiality Agreement  ). Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that he has complied with all obligations under the Confidentiality
Agreement and agrees to continue to abide by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and further agrees that the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement or of Executive s employment
relationship with the Company, including the noncompetition provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement.       VI. OTHER PROVISIONS   
   6.1  Limitation on Severance Benefits  .    In the event that any severance benefits provided for in this Agreement to
Executive (i) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the   Code  ) and (ii) but for this Section 6.1, would be subject to the
excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executive s severance benefits under Section 3.2 shall be payable either:    
 (a) in full, or    (b) as to such
lesser amount which would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code,    whichever of the
foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits under
Section 3.2 notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Any determination required under this Section 6.1 shall be made in writing by independent public accountants
appointed by Executive and reasonably acceptable to the Company (the   Accountants  ), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations
required by this Section 6.1, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the
Code. The Company and Executive shall furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 6.1. The Company shall bear all costs the Accountants
may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 6.1. If a reduced amount is to be paid under this Section 6.1, reductions in payments and/or benefits shall occur in the following order:
(1) reduction of cash payments, (2) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock awards other than stock options, (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock options and (4) reduction of other benefits (if any) paid to the
Executive.  
      -6-  

6.2  Code Section 409A . This Agreement shall be interpreted to avoid any
penalty sanctions under Section 409A of the Code and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder (  Section 409A  ). If any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without
incurring sanctions under Section 409A, then such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such sanctions will not be imposed. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this
Agreement may be made only upon a  separation of service  under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if at the time of Executive s termination of employment, Executive is a  specified
employee  within the meaning of Section 409A, and the deferral of the commencement of any severance payments or benefits otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result of such termination of employment is necessary in order to
prevent any accelerated income recognition or additional tax under Section 409A(a)(1), then the Company will not commence any payment of any such severance payments or benefits otherwise required hereunder (but without any reduction in such
payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to Executive) that (a) will not and may not under any circumstances, regardless of when such termination occurs, be paid in full by March 15 of the year following Executive s
termination (or two and one half (2   1   2 ) months after the close of the Company s fiscal year, if later), and (b) are in excess of the lesser of
(i) two (2) times Executive s then annual compensation or (ii) two (2) times the limit on compensation set forth in Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated and will
not be paid by the end of the second calendar year following the year in which the termination occurs, until the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service 
with the Company (as defined under Code Section 409A). If any payments are delayed due to such requirements, such amounts will be paid in a lump sum to Executive on the earliest of (x) Executive s death following the date of
Executive s termination of employment with the Company or (y) the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service  with the Company. For these purposes,
each severance payment or benefit is designated as a separate payment or benefit and will not collectively be treated as a single payment or benefit. This provision is intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A so that none
of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in
good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under
Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, to the extent that any amendment to this Agreement with respect to the payment of any severance payments or benefits would constitute under Section 409A a
delay or acceleration in a payment or a change in the form of payment, then such amendment must be done in a manner that complies with Section 409A(a)(4)(C).    
      -7-  

6.3  Indemnification . The Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Executive
harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law and as set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, from and against any expenses, including legal fees,  and all judgments, fines and amounts paid in
settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings to which the Executive is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of the fact the Executive is or was a director or officer of the
Company.       6.4  Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement, the indemnification agreement between
Executive and the Company and any agreement pertaining to Executive s equity awards contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to Executive s employment by the Company and compensation payable to Executive
by the Company and supersede all prior understandings, agreements and discussions, including the Prior Agreement. This Agreement may only be amended or modified by a written instrument executed by Executive and the Company pursuant to authorization
by any individual or individuals authorized to approve the compensation and other terms of employment of Executive.      6.5
 Notices.  Any and all notices permitted or required to be given under this Agreement must be in writing. Notices will be deemed given (i) on the first business day after having been sent by commercial overnight courier with written
verification of receipt, or (ii) on the third business day after having been sent by registered or certified mail from a location on the United States mainland, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, whichever occurs first, at the address
set forth below or at any new address, notice of which will have been given in accordance with this Section 6.4:      
     6.6  Non-Waiver.  Failure to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not
be interpreted to be a waiver of such provisions or to affect either the validity of this Agreement or the right of either party thereafter to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement.    
   6.7  Separability.  If one or more provisions of this Agreement is finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such
provision will not affect or impair the other provisions of this Agreement, all of which will continue to be in effect and will be enforceable, provided, however, that any such invalid provisions shall, to the extent possible, be reformed so as to
implement insofar as practicable the intentions of the parties.        6.8  Term.  The employment of Executive under this
Agreement shall be for an unspecified term. The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that Executive s employment is and shall continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law, and that Executive s employment with the Company
may be terminated by either party at any time for any or no reason, and with or without notice. If Executive s employment terminates for any reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages award or compensation other
than as provided in this Agreement.    
      -8-  

6.9  Law . This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of
Washington.      6 . 10  No Duty to Mitigate  .    Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any
payment contemplated by this Agreement (whether by seeking new employment or in any other manner), nor, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, shall any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other
source.        6.11  Legal Fees.  In the event either party breaches this Agreement, the nonbreaching party shall be entitled
to recover from the breaching party any and all damages, costs and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys  fees and court costs, incurred by the nonbreaching party as a result of the breach.    
   6 . 12  Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts which when taken together will constitute one
instrument. Any copy of this Agreement with the original signatures of all parties appended will constitute an original.    
      -9-  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above
written.       

COMPANY:   

SEATTLE GENETICS, INC.   

By: 
   
 /s/ Clay B. Siegall  

Name: 
   
 Clay B. Siegall  

Title: 
   
 President   Chief Executive Officer  

EXECUTIVE   

/s/ Eric Dobmeier  
 
  Eric Dobmeier   

-10-  

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 8
 d251389dex107.htm
 EX-10.7

EX-10.7 

Exhibit 10.7   
   AMENDED   RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT    
  THIS AMENDED   RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  (  Agreement  ) is made and entered into as of the 26 th  day of October, 2016, by and between SEATTLE GENETICS, INC., a Delaware corporation (  Company  ) and Jonathan Drachman (  Executive  ).  
  RECITALS:      A.  The
Company desires that Executive perform his services as Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President, Research and Development of the Company, having been duly appointed to such position.    
  B.  Executive desires to continue in such engagement.    
  C.  This Agreement contains other provisions applicable to the employment of Executive by the Company.    
  D.  The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that as of the date of this Agreement, this Agreement amends and restates and
supersedes the Executive Employment Agreement that was made and entered into as of October 5, 2010 by and between the Company and Executive (the   Prior Agreement  ).  
 In consideration of the above Recitals and the provisions of this Agreement, the Company and Executive agree as follows:  
  I. DUTIES     1.1  Title and
Responsibilities.  Executive shall serve as Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President, Research and Development of the Company, which title may be changed at any time in the sole discretion of the Company. Executive s
responsibilities and duties shall include those inherent in Executive s position with the Company and shall further include such other managerial responsibilities and executive duties consistent with such position as may be assigned to
Executive from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Executive shall devote his best efforts and full business time to the business and interests of the Company. During the term of Executive s employment with the Company,
Executive may serve on the board of directors of other companies, manage personal investments, and engage in civic and charitable activities, provided that such activities shall not represent a conflict of interest with the Company and do not
materially detract from fulfilling Executive s responsibilities and duties to the Company.  

II. COMPENSATION   
 2.1  Base Salary.  Executive shall be paid a base salary (  Base Salary  ) by the Company during the term of
Executive s employment at the rate determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the   Compensation Committee  ), or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive.
Executive s Base Salary shall be reviewed annually and evaluated based on performance and salary levels of other executives of comparable position within the industry and geographic location of the Company. Based upon such evaluation and
review, Executive s Base Salary may be adjusted from time to time as determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive, in its or their sole discretion.  
 2.2  Bonus.  In addition to Base Salary, Executive may be eligible to receive an annual bonus (  Annual Bonus  ), based on
a target percentage of Executive s Base Salary determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. The amount of the annual bonus shall be based upon performance
criteria and financial and operational results of the Company as determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. To the extent that the Annual Bonus is earned and
becomes payable in accordance with the terms under which it is offered and unless otherwise specified in a written document reflecting the bonus arrangement, any Annual Bonus earned by Executive will be paid to Executive prior to two and one half (2
  1   2 ) months following the year in which the Annual Bonus becomes payable as a result of Executive s vesting in the right to the Annual Bonus.  
  2. 3  Equity Awards . Executive may be eligible to receive grants of stock options or other equity awards from time to time in the
future, on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive, shall determine as of the date of any such grant and pursuant to the
existing equity plan(s) of the Company.    2.4  Other Benefits.   
 (i) Executive shall be entitled to such employee benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company, including
without limitation, health insurance, paid vacation of not less than four (4) weeks per year, retirement plans and other similar benefits; provided, that Company reserves the right to amend, modify, terminate or make any other changes in such
benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company at any time in its sole discretion.    (ii) The Company shall
pay or reimburse Executive for all travel and entertainment expenses incurred by Executive in connection with Executive s duties on behalf of the Company, subject to the reasonable approval of the Company. Executive shall only be entitled to
reimbursement to the extent that Executive follows the reasonable procedures established by the Company for reimbursement of such expenses which will include, but will not be limited to, providing satisfactory evidence of such expenditures.  
      -2-  

III. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT   
   3.1  Termination of Employment and Severance Benefits  .     
 (a)  Termination of Employment  .  This Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events:  
 (i) The Company s determination in good faith that it is terminating Executive for Cause (as defined in Section 3.3 below)
(  Termination for Cause      (ii) The Company s determination that it is terminating Executive without Cause, which
determination may be made by the Company at any time at the Company s sole discretion, for any or no reason (  Termination Without Cause    
 (iii) The effective date of a written notice sent to the Company from Executive stating that Executive is electing to terminate his
employment with the Company (  Voluntary Termination      (iv) A change in Executive s status such that a
 Constructive Termination  (as defined in Section 3.2(d) below) has occurred; or    (v) Following Executive s death or
 Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below).      3.2  Severance Benefits  .    Executive shall be entitled
to receive severance benefits upon termination of employment only as set forth in this Section 3.2 contingent upon resignation from all positions held by Executive and only if Executive executes a full release and waiver of claims within thirty
(30) days of Executive s termination (and allows it to become effective in accordance with its terms):      (a)  Voluntary
Termination  .  If Executive s employment terminates by Voluntary Termination, then Executive shall not be entitled to receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid vacation
accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and Executive s benefits will be continued under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date
of termination and in accordance with applicable law.    (b)  Involuntary Termination  .  If Executive s employment is
terminated under Section 3.1(a)(ii) (Termination Without Cause) or 3.1(a)(iv) (Constructive Termination) above (such termination, an   Involuntary Termination  ), Executive will be entitled to receive payment of severance
benefits equal to Executive s regular monthly salary for twelve (12) months (the   Severance Period  ). Such payments shall be made, at the Company s option, in a lump sum within thirty (30) days after the date of
Executive s Involuntary Termination or periodically over the Severance Period according to the Company s standard payroll schedule, provided that such payments may not extend beyond two and one-half (2
  1   2 ) months following the end of the calendar year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will also be entitled to receive payment on
the date of Involuntary Termination of the pro rata portion of any  
      -3-  

Annual Bonus based on achievement of the specific corporate and individual performance targets established for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs, payable prior to two and one-half
(2   1   2 ) months following the end of the calendar year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary
and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and health insurance benefits will be continued through payment of Executive s COBRA health insurance premiums by the Company over the Severance Period so
long as Executive timely elects to continue Executive s health insurance coverage under COBRA and subject to COBRA s terms, conditions and requirements.  
 (c)  Termination for Cause  .  If Executive s employment is terminated for Cause, then Executive shall not be entitled to
receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and Executive s benefits will be continued under the
Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of termination and in accordance with applicable law.  
 (d)  Constructive Termination  .    Constructive Termination   shall be deemed to occur if (A) there is a
material reduction or change in job duties, responsibilities and requirements inconsistent with Executive s position with the Company and prior duties, responsibilities and requirements, provided that neither a mere change in title alone nor
reassignment to a position that is substantially similar to the position held prior to the change in terms of job duties, responsibilities or requirements shall constitute a material reduction in job responsibilities; or (B) there is a
reduction in Executive s then-current base salary by at least twenty percent (20%), provided that an across-the-board reduction in the salary level of all other senior executives by the same percentage amount as part of a general salary level
reduction shall not constitute such a salary reduction; or (C) Executive refuses to relocate to a facility or location more than 50 miles from the Company s current location; provided, however, that in each case above, Executive must first
provide notice of the existence of the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of such circumstances and the Company must be provided with a period of thirty (30) days from
the date of receipt of such notice to cure the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination; provided further that the Company may notify Executive at any time prior to expiration of the cure period that it will not cure the
circumstances, in which case the cure period shall end immediately upon such notification.    (e)  Termination by Reason of Death or
Disability  .  In the event that Executive s employment with the Company terminates as a result of Executive s death or  Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below), Executive or Executive s estate or
representative will receive all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s death or Disability and any other benefits payable under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans
and policies in effect on the date of death or Disability and in accordance with applicable law. In addition, Executive s estate or representative will receive the amount of Executive s Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which the death
or Disability occurs to the extent that the Annual Bonus has been earned as of the date of Executive s death or Disability, as determined by the Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee based on the specific corporate and individual
performance targets established for such fiscal year, which will be paid prior to two and one-half (2   1   2 ) months following the year of Executive s death
or Disability (subject to Executive s termination as a result of such Disability).  
      -4-  

3.3  Definition of Cause  .    For purposes of this Agreement,
  Cause   for Executive s termination will exist at any time after the happening of one or more of the following events:    
 (a) An action or omission of Executive which constitutes a willful and intentional material breach of this Agreement or the Confidentiality
Agreement (defined below), including without limitation, Executive s theft or other misappropriation of the Company s proprietary information;  
 (b) Executive s commitment of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation of funds or breach of trust in connection with Executive s
employment; or    (c) Executive s conviction of any crime which involves dishonesty or a breach of trust, or gross negligence in
connection with the performance of the Executive s duties.      3.4.  Definition of Disability  .    For purposes
of this Agreement   Disability   shall mean any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve
(12) months and renders Executive unable to perform the duties of Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President, Research and Development.    
  IV. STOCK ACCELERATION     4.1
 Accelerated Vesting . Unless specifically provided otherwise in the applicable equity award agreement, in addition to any other right of acceleration that may be provided pursuant to any equity award plan or agreement pursuant to which
Executive has been granted an equity award by the Company, if Executive s employment is terminated due to an Involuntary Termination, the vesting of any equity awards granted by the Company to Executive shall accelerate such that such equity
awards shall become vested as to an additional twelve (12) months, effective as of the date of such Involuntary Termination, to the extent that such equity awards are outstanding and unvested as of the date of such Involuntary Termination;
 provided  that if such Involuntary Termination occurs within twelve (12) months after a Change of Control (as defined below), then the vesting of all such equity awards shall be accelerated completely so that such equity awards shall
become fully vested, effective as of the date of such Involuntary Termination, to the extent that such equity awards are outstanding and unvested as of the date of such Involuntary Termination. For the avoidance of any doubt, this Section shall
prevail over any provision in an equity award agreement providing that unvested equity awards shall terminate or be forfeited as of the date of such termination, and any such provision shall be inoperative to the extent it is in conflict with this
Section.    4.2  Definition of Change of Control.  For purposes of this Agreement,   Change of Control   shall mean the
occurrence of any of the following events: (i) an acquisition of the Company by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation but
excluding any  
      -5-  

merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company), or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (collectively, a
  Merger  ), so long as in either case the Company s stockholders of record immediately prior to such Merger will, immediately after such Merger, hold less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving or
acquiring entity.     V. RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS   
   5.1  Confidentiality Agreement  .    Executive shall sign, or has signed the Company s form of Proprietary
Information and Inventions Agreement (the   Confidentiality Agreement  ). Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that he has complied with all obligations under the Confidentiality Agreement and agrees to continue to
abide by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and further agrees that the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement or of Executive s employment relationship with the Company, including
the noncompetition provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement.       VI. OTHER PROVISIONS   
   6.1  Limitation on Severance Benefits  .    In the event that any severance benefits provided for in this Agreement to
Executive (i) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the   Code  ) and (ii) but for this Section 6.1, would be subject to the
excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executive s severance benefits under Section 3.2 shall be payable either:    
 (a) in full, or    (b) as to such
lesser amount which would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code,    whichever of the
foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits under
Section 3.2 notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Any determination required under this Section 6.1 shall be made in writing by independent public accountants
appointed by Executive and reasonably acceptable to the Company (the   Accountants  ), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations
required by this Section 6.1, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the
Code. The Company and Executive shall furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 6.1. The Company shall bear all costs the Accountants
may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 6.1. If a reduced amount is to be paid under this Section 6.1, reductions in payments and/or benefits shall occur in the following order:
(1) reduction of cash payments, (2) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock awards other than stock options, (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock options and (4) reduction of other benefits (if any) paid to the
Executive.  
      -6-  

6.2  Code Section 409A . This Agreement shall be interpreted to avoid any
penalty sanctions under Section 409A of the Code and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder (  Section 409A  ). If any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without
incurring sanctions under Section 409A, then such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such sanctions will not be imposed. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this
Agreement may be made only upon a  separation of service  under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if at the time of Executive s termination of employment, Executive is a  specified
employee  within the meaning of Section 409A, and the deferral of the commencement of any severance payments or benefits otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result of such termination of employment is necessary in order to
prevent any accelerated income recognition or additional tax under Section 409A(a)(1), then the Company will not commence any payment of any such severance payments or benefits otherwise required hereunder (but without any reduction in such
payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to Executive) that (a) will not and may not under any circumstances, regardless of when such termination occurs, be paid in full by March 15 of the year following Executive s
termination (or two and one half (2   1   2 ) months after the close of the Company s fiscal year, if later), and (b) are in excess of the lesser of
(i) two (2) times Executive s then annual compensation or (ii) two (2) times the limit on compensation set forth in Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated and will
not be paid by the end of the second calendar year following the year in which the termination occurs, until the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service 
with the Company (as defined under Code Section 409A). If any payments are delayed due to such requirements, such amounts will be paid in a lump sum to Executive on the earliest of (x) Executive s death following the date of
Executive s termination of employment with the Company or (y) the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service  with the Company. For these purposes,
each severance payment or benefit is designated as a separate payment or benefit and will not collectively be treated as a single payment or benefit. This provision is intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A so that none
of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in
good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under
Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, to the extent that any amendment to this Agreement with respect to the payment of any severance payments or benefits would constitute under Section 409A a
delay or acceleration in a payment or a change in the form of payment, then such amendment must be done in a manner that complies with Section 409A(a)(4)(C).    
      -7-  

6.3  Indemnification . The Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Executive
harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law and as set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, from and against any expenses, including legal fees, and all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings to which the Executive is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of the fact the Executive is or was a director or officer of the Company.  
      6.4  Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement, the indemnification agreement between Executive
and the Company and any agreement pertaining to Executive s equity awards contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to Executive s employment by the Company and compensation payable to Executive by the
Company and supersede all prior understandings, agreements and discussions, including the Prior Agreement. This Agreement may only be amended or modified by a written instrument executed by Executive and the Company pursuant to authorization by any
individual or individuals authorized to approve the compensation and other terms of employment of Executive.      6.5  Notices. 
Any and all notices permitted or required to be given under this Agreement must be in writing. Notices will be deemed given (i) on the first business day after having been sent by commercial overnight courier with written verification of
receipt, or (ii) on the third business day after having been sent by registered or certified mail from a location on the United States mainland, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, whichever occurs first, at the address set forth below
or at any new address, notice of which will have been given in accordance with this Section 6.4:      
     6.6  Non-Waiver.  Failure to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not
be interpreted to be a waiver of such provisions or to affect either the validity of this Agreement or the right of either party thereafter to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement.    
   6.7  Separability.  If one or more provisions of this Agreement is finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such
provision will not affect or impair the other provisions of this Agreement, all of which will continue to be in effect and will be enforceable, provided, however, that any such invalid provisions shall, to the extent possible, be reformed so as to
implement insofar as practicable the intentions of the parties.    
      -8-  

6.8  Term.  The employment of Executive under this Agreement shall be for an
unspecified term. The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that Executive s employment is and shall continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law, and that Executive s employment with the Company may be terminated by
either party at any time for any or no reason, and with or without notice. If Executive s employment terminates for any reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages award or compensation other than as provided in
this Agreement.        6.9  Law.  This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of
Washington.        6 . 10  No Duty to Mitigate  .    Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of
any payment contemplated by this Agreement (whether by seeking new employment or in any other manner), nor, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, shall any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other
source.        6.11  Legal Fees.  In the event either party breaches this Agreement, the nonbreaching party shall be entitled
to recover from the breaching party any and all damages, costs and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys  fees and court costs, incurred by the nonbreaching party as a result of the breach.    
   6 . 12  Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts which when taken together will constitute one
instrument. Any copy of this Agreement with the original signatures of all parties appended will constitute an original.    
      -9-  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above
written.       

COMPANY:   

SEATTLE GENETICS, INC.   

By: 
   
 /s/ Clay B. Siegall  

Name: 
   
 Clay B. Siegall  

Title: 
   
 President   Chief Executive Officer  

EXECUTIVE   

/s/ Jonathan Drachman  
 
  Jonathan Drachman   

-10-  

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 9
 d251389dex108.htm
 EX-10.8

EX-10.8 

Exhibit 10.8   
   AMENDED   RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT    
  THIS AMENDED   RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  (  Agreement  ) is made and entered into as of the 26 th  day of October, 2016, by and between SEATTLE GENETICS, INC., a Delaware corporation (  Company  ) and Vaughn B. Himes (  Executive  ).  
  RECITALS:      A.  The
Company desires that Executive perform services as Chief Technical Officer of the Company, having been duly appointed to such position.  
  B.  Executive desires to continue in such engagement.  
  C.  This Agreement contains other provisions applicable to the employment of Executive by the Company.  
  D.  The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that as of the date of this Agreement, this Agreement amends and restates and
supersedes the Executive Employment Agreement that was made and entered into as of April 1, 2009 by and between the Company and Executive (the   Prior Agreement  ).  
 In consideration of the above Recitals and the provisions of this Agreement, the Company and Executive agree as follows:  
  I. DUTIES     1.1  Title and
Responsibilities.  Executive shall serve as Chief Technical Officer of the Company, which title may be changed at any time in the sole discretion of the Company. Executive s responsibilities and duties shall include those inherent
in Executive s position with the Company and shall further include such other managerial responsibilities and executive duties consistent with such position as may be assigned to Executive from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of the
Company. Executive shall devote his best efforts and full business time to the business and interests of the Company. During the term of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive may serve on the board of directors of other
companies, manage personal investments, and engage in civic and charitable activities, provided that such activities shall not represent a conflict of interest with the Company and do not materially detract from fulfilling Executive s
responsibilities and duties to the Company.     II. COMPENSATION   
 2.1  Base Salary.  Executive shall be paid a base salary (  Base Salary  ) by the Company during the term of
Executive s employment at the rate determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the   Compensation Committee  ), or as applicable, any  

individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. Executive s Base Salary shall be reviewed annually and evaluated based on performance and salary levels of other
executives of comparable position within the industry and geographic location of the Company. Based upon such evaluation and review, Executive s Base Salary may be adjusted from time to time as determined by the Compensation Committee, or
as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive, in its or their sole discretion.  
 2.2  Bonus.  In addition to Base Salary, Executive may be eligible to receive an annual bonus (  Annual
Bonus  ), based on a target percentage of Executive s Base Salary determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. The amount of the annual bonus shall
be based upon performance criteria and financial and operational results of the Company as determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. To the extent that
the Annual Bonus is earned and becomes payable in accordance with the terms under which it is offered and unless otherwise specified in a written document reflecting the bonus arrangement, any Annual Bonus earned by Executive will be paid to
Executive prior to two and one half (2   1   2 ) months following the year in which the Annual Bonus becomes payable as a result of Executive s vesting in the
right to the Annual Bonus.     2. 3  Equity Awards . Executive may be eligible to receive grants of stock options or other
equity awards from time to time in the future, on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive, shall determine as of the date of
any such grant and pursuant to the existing equity plan(s) of the Company.   2.4  Other Benefits.   
 (i) Executive shall be entitled to such employee benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company, including
without limitation, health insurance, paid vacation of not less than four (4) weeks per year, retirement plans and other similar benefits; provided, that Company reserves the right to amend, modify, terminate or make any other changes in such
benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company at any time in its sole discretion.    (ii) The Company shall
pay or reimburse Executive for all travel and entertainment expenses incurred by Executive in connection with Executive s duties on behalf of the Company, subject to the reasonable approval of the Company. Executive shall only be entitled
to reimbursement to the extent that Executive follows the reasonable procedures established by the Company for reimbursement of such expenses which will include, but will not be limited to, providing satisfactory evidence of such expenditures.  
      -2-  

III. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT   
 3.1  Termination of Employment and Severance Benefits  .   
 (a)  Termination of Employment  .  This Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events:  
 (i) The Company s determination in good faith that it is terminating Executive for Cause (as defined in Section 3.3 below)
(  Termination for Cause      (ii) The Company s determination that it is terminating Executive without Cause, which
determination may be made by the Company at any time at the Company s sole discretion, for any or no reason (  Termination Without Cause    
 (iii) The effective date of a written notice sent to the Company from Executive stating that Executive is electing to terminate his
employment with the Company (  Voluntary Termination      (iv) A change in Executive s status such that a
 Constructive Termination  (as defined in Section 3.2(d) below) has occurred; or    (v) Following Executive s death or
 Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below).    3.2  Severance Benefits  .    Executive shall be entitled to
receive severance benefits upon termination of employment only as set forth in this Section 3.2 contingent upon resignation from all positions held by Executive and only if Executive executes a full release and waiver of claims within thirty (30)
days of Executive s termination (and allows it to become effective in accordance with its terms):    (a)  Voluntary
Termination  .  If Executive s employment terminates by Voluntary Termination, then Executive shall not be entitled to receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid
vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and Executive s benefits will be continued under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on
the date of termination and in accordance with applicable law.    (b)  Involuntary Termination  .  If Executive s
employment is terminated under Section 3.1(a)(ii) (Termination Without Cause) or 3.1(a)(iv) (Constructive Termination) above (such termination, an   Involuntary Termination  ), Executive will be entitled to receive payment of
severance benefits equal to Executive s regular monthly salary for twelve (12) months (the   Severance Period  ). Such payments shall be made, at the Company s option, in a lump sum within thirty (30) days after the
date of Executive s Involuntary Termination or periodically over the Severance Period according to the Company s standard payroll schedule, provided that such payments may not extend beyond two and one-half (2
  1   2 ) months following the end of the calendar year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will also be entitled to receive
payment on the date of Involuntary Termination of the pro rata portion of any  
      -3-  

Annual Bonus based on achievement of the specific corporate and individual performance targets established for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs, payable prior to two and one-half
(2   1   2 ) months following the end of the calendar year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will receive payment(s) for all
salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and health insurance benefits will be continued through payment of Executive s COBRA health insurance premiums by the Company over the Severance
Period so long as Executive timely elects to continue Executive s health insurance coverage under COBRA and subject to COBRA s terms, conditions and requirements. 
 (c)  Termination for Cause  .  If Executive s employment is terminated for Cause, then Executive shall not be entitled to
receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and Executive s benefits will be continued under the
Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of termination and in accordance with applicable law.  
 (d)  Constructive Termination  .      Constructive Termination   shall be deemed to occur if (A) there is a
material reduction or change in job duties, responsibilities and requirements inconsistent with Executive s position with the Company and prior duties, responsibilities and requirements, provided that neither a mere change in title alone nor
reassignment to a position that is substantially similar to the position held prior to the change in terms of job duties, responsibilities or requirements shall constitute a material reduction in job responsibilities; or (B) there is a
reduction in Executive s then-current base salary by at least twenty percent (20%), provided that an across-the-board reduction in the salary level of all other senior executives by the same percentage amount as part of a general salary level
reduction shall not constitute such a salary reduction; or (C) Executive refuses to relocate to a facility or location more than 50 miles from the Company s current location; provided, however, that in each case above, Executive must first
provide notice of the existence of the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of such circumstances and the Company must be provided with a period of thirty (30) days from the date of
receipt of such notice to cure the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination; provided further that the Company may notify Executive at any time prior to expiration of the cure period that it will not cure the circumstances, in which
case the cure period shall end immediately upon such notification.   (e)  Termination by Reason of Death or Disability  .  In
the event that Executive s employment with the Company terminates as a result of Executive s death or  Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below), Executive or Executive s estate or representative will receive all salary and
unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s death or Disability and any other benefits payable under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of death
or Disability and in accordance with applicable law. In addition, Executive s estate or representative will receive the amount of Executive s Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which the death or Disability occurs to the extent that
the Annual Bonus has been earned as of the date of Executive s death or Disability, as determined by the Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee based on the specific corporate and individual performance targets established for such
fiscal year, which will be paid prior to two and one-half (2   1   2 ) months following the year of Executive s death or Disability (subject to
Executive s termination as a result of such Disability).  
      -4-  

3.3  Definition of Cause  .  For purposes of this Agreement,
  Cause   for Executive s termination will exist at any time after the happening of one or more of the following events:  
 (a) An action or omission of Executive which constitutes a willful and intentional material breach of this Agreement or the Confidentiality
Agreement (defined below), including without limitation, Executive s theft or other misappropriation of the Company s proprietary information; 
 (b) Executive s commitment of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation of funds or breach of trust in connection with Executive s
employment; or    (c) Executive s conviction of any crime which involves dishonesty or a breach of trust, or gross negligence in
connection with the performance of the Executive s duties.    3.4.  Definition of Disability  .  For purposes of this
Agreement   Disability   shall mean any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12)
months and renders Executive unable to perform the duties of Chief Technical Officer.     IV. STOCK ACCELERATION   
 4.1  Accelerated Vesting . Unless specifically provided otherwise in the applicable equity award agreement, in addition to any
other right of acceleration that may be provided pursuant to any equity award plan or agreement pursuant to which Executive has been granted an equity award by the Company, if Executive s employment is terminated due to an Involuntary
Termination, the vesting of any equity awards granted by the Company to Executive shall accelerate such that such equity awards shall become vested as to an additional twelve (12) months, effective as of the date of such Involuntary Termination, to
the extent that such equity awards are outstanding and unvested as of the date of such Involuntary Termination;  provided  that if such Involuntary Termination occurs within twelve (12) months after a Change of Control (as defined below), then
the vesting of all such equity awards shall be accelerated completely so that such equity awards shall become fully vested, effective as of the date of such Involuntary Termination, to the extent that such equity awards are outstanding and unvested
as of the date of such Involuntary Termination. For the avoidance of any doubt, this Section shall prevail over any provision in an equity award agreement providing that unvested equity awards shall terminate or be forfeited as of the date of
such termination, and any such provision shall be inoperative to the extent it is in conflict with this Section.    4.2  Definition of
Change of Control.    For purposes of this Agreement,   Change of Control   shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) an acquisition of the Company by another entity by means of any transaction or
series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation but excluding any merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company), or (ii) a
 
      -5-  

sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (collectively, a   Merger  ), so long as in either case the Company s stockholders of record immediately prior to
such Merger will, immediately after such Merger, hold less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving or acquiring entity.  
  V. RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS   
 5.1  Confidentiality Agreement  .  Executive shall sign, or has signed the Company s form of Proprietary Information
and Inventions Agreement (the   Confidentiality Agreement  ). Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that he has complied with all obligations under the Confidentiality Agreement and agrees to continue to abide
by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and further agrees that the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement or of Executive s employment relationship with the Company, including the
noncompetition provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement.     VI. OTHER PROVISIONS   
 6.1  Limitation on Severance Benefits  .  In the event that any severance benefits provided for in this Agreement to
Executive (i) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the   Code  ) and (ii) but for this Section 6.1, would be subject to the excise tax imposed
by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executive s severance benefits under Section 3.2 shall be payable either:    (a) in full, or  
 (b) as to such lesser amount which would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code,
   whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999,
results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits under Section 3.2 notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Any determination required
under this Section 6.1 shall be made in writing by independent public accountants appointed by Executive and reasonably acceptable to the Company (the   Accountants  ), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon
Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 6.1, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good
faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and Executive shall furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a
determination under this Section 6.1. The Company shall bear all costs the Accountants may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 6.1. If a reduced amount is to be paid under this Section 6.1,
reductions in payments and/or benefits shall occur in the following order: (1) reduction of cash payments, (2) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock awards other than stock options, (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock
options and (4) reduction of other benefits (if any) paid to the Executive.  
      -6-  

6.2  Code Section 409A . This Agreement shall be interpreted to avoid any penalty
sanctions under Section 409A of the Code and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder (  Section 409A  ). If any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without incurring
sanctions under Section 409A, then such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such sanctions will not be imposed. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may be
made only upon a  separation of service  under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if at the time of Executive s termination of employment, Executive is a  specified employee 
within the meaning of Section 409A, and the deferral of the commencement of any severance payments or benefits otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result of such termination of employment is necessary in order to prevent any
accelerated income recognition or additional tax under Section 409A(a)(1), then the Company will not commence any payment of any such severance payments or benefits otherwise required hereunder (but without any reduction in such payments or benefits
ultimately paid or provided to Executive) that (a) will not and may not under any circumstances, regardless of when such termination occurs, be paid in full by March 15 of the year following Executive s termination (or two and one half (2   1   2 ) months after the close of the Company s fiscal year, if later), and (b) are in excess of the lesser of (i) two (2) times Executive s then annual
compensation or (ii) two (2) times the limit on compensation set forth in Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated and will not be paid by the end of the second calendar year following the year
in which the termination occurs, until the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service  with the Company (as defined under Code Section 409A). If any payments
are delayed due to such requirements, such amounts will be paid in a lump sum to Executive on the earliest of (x) Executive s death following the date of Executive s termination of employment with the Company or (y) the first payroll date
that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service  with the Company. For these purposes, each severance payment or benefit is designated as a separate payment or benefit and will not
collectively be treated as a single payment or benefit. This provision is intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the
additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions
which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, to the
extent that any amendment to this Agreement with respect to the payment of any severance payments or benefits would constitute under Section 409A a delay or acceleration in a payment or a change in the form of payment, then such amendment must be
done in a manner that complies with Section 409A(a)(4)(C).  
      -7-  

6.3  Indemnification . The Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the
Executive harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law and as set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, from and against any expenses, including legal fees, and all judgments, fines and amounts paid
in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings to which the Executive is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of the fact the Executive is or was a director or officer of the
Company.    6.4    Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement, the indemnification agreement
between Executive and the Company and any agreement pertaining to Executive s equity awards contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to Executive s employment by the Company and compensation payable to
Executive by the Company and supersede all prior understandings, agreements and discussions, including the Prior Agreement. This Agreement may only be amended or modified by a written instrument executed by Executive and the Company pursuant to
authorization by any individual or individuals authorized to approve the compensation and other terms of employment of Executive.  
 6.5  Notices.  Any and all notices permitted or required to be given under this Agreement must be in writing. Notices will
be deemed given (i) on the first business day after having been sent by commercial overnight courier with written verification of receipt, or (ii) on the third business day after having been sent by registered or certified mail from a location on
the United States mainland, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, whichever occurs first, at the address set forth below or at any new address, notice of which will have been given in accordance with this Section 6.4:  
   
   6.6  Non-Waiver.  Failure to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Agreement shall
not be interpreted to be a waiver of such provisions or to affect either the validity of this Agreement or the right of either party thereafter to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement.  
 6.7  Separability.  If one or more provisions of this Agreement is finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such
provision will not affect or impair the other provisions of this Agreement, all of which will continue to be in effect and will be enforceable, provided, however, that any such invalid provisions shall, to the extent possible, be reformed so as to
implement insofar as practicable the intentions of the parties.  
      -8-  

6.8  Term.  The employment of Executive under this Agreement shall be for an
unspecified term. The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that Executive s employment is and shall continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law, and that Executive s employment with the Company may be terminated by
either party at any time for any or no reason, and with or without notice. If Executive s employment terminates for any reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages award or compensation other than as provided
in this Agreement.    6.9  Law.  This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington.
   6 . 10  No Duty to Mitigate  .  Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment
contemplated by this Agreement (whether by seeking new employment or in any other manner), nor, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, shall any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source.  
 6.11  Legal Fees.  In the event either party breaches this Agreement, the nonbreaching party shall be entitled to recover from the
breaching party any and all damages, costs and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys  fees and court costs, incurred by the nonbreaching party as a result of the breach.  
 6 . 12  Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts which when taken together will constitute one
instrument. Any copy of this Agreement with the original signatures of all parties appended will constitute an original.  
      -9-  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above
written.       

COMPANY:    

SEATTLE GENETICS, INC.    

By: 
   
 /s/ Clay B. Siegall  

Name: 
   
 Clay B. Siegall  

Title: 
   
 President   Chief Executive Officer  

EXECUTIVE    

/s/ Vaughn B. Himes  
 
    Vaughn B. Himes    

-10-  

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 10
 d251389dex109.htm
 EX-10.9

EX-10.9 

Exhibit 10.9   
   AMENDED   RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT    
  THIS AMENDED   RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  (  Agreement  ) is made and entered into as of the 26 th  day of October, 2016, by and between SEATTLE GENETICS, INC., a Delaware corporation (  Company  ) and Jean Liu (  Executive  ).  
  RECITALS:      A.  The
Company desires that Executive perform services as General Counsel and Executive Vice President, Legal Affairs and Corporate Secretary of the Company, having been duly appointed to such position.  
  B.  Executive desires to continue in such engagement.  
  C.  This Agreement contains other provisions applicable to the employment of Executive by the Company.  
  D.  The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that as of the date of this Agreement, this Agreement amends and restates and
supersedes the Executive Employment Agreement that was made and entered into as of November 17, 2014, by and between the Company and Executive (the   Prior Agreement  ).  
 In consideration of the above Recitals and the provisions of this Agreement, the Company and Executive agree as follows:  
  I. DUTIES     1.1  Title and
Responsibilities.  Executive shall serve as General Counsel and Executive Vice President, Legal Affairs and Corporate Secretary of the Company, which title may be changed at any time in the sole discretion of the
Company. Executive s responsibilities and duties shall include those inherent in Executive s position with the Company and shall further include such other managerial responsibilities and executive duties consistent with such position
as may be assigned to Executive from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Executive shall devote her best efforts and full business time to the business and interests of the Company. During the term of
Executive s employment with the Company, Executive may serve on the board of directors of other companies, manage personal investments, and engage in civic and charitable activities, provided that such activities shall not represent a conflict
of interest with the Company and do not materially detract from fulfilling Executive s responsibilities and duties to the Company.  

II. COMPENSATION   
 2.1  Base Salary.  Executive shall be paid a base salary (  Base Salary  ) by the Company during the term of
Executive s employment at the rate determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the   Compensation Committee  ), or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of
Executive. Executive s Base Salary shall be reviewed annually and evaluated based on performance and salary levels of other executives of comparable position within the industry and geographic location of the Company. Based upon such
evaluation and review, Executive s Base Salary may be adjusted from time to time as determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive, in its or their sole
discretion.    2.2  Bonus.  In addition to Base Salary, Executive may be eligible to receive an annual bonus (  Annual
Bonus  ), based on a target percentage of Executive s Base Salary determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. The amount of the annual bonus shall
be based upon performance criteria and financial and operational results of the Company as determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. To the extent that
the Annual Bonus is earned and becomes payable in accordance with the terms under which it is offered and unless otherwise specified in a written document reflecting the bonus arrangement, any Annual Bonus earned by Executive will be paid to
Executive prior to two and one half (2   1   2 ) months following the year in which the Annual Bonus becomes payable as a result of Executive s vesting in the
right to the Annual Bonus.     2. 3  Equity Awards . Executive may be eligible to receive grants of stock options or other
equity awards from time to time in the future, on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive, shall determine as of the date of
any such grant and pursuant to the existing equity plan(s) of the Company.   2.4  Other Benefits.   
 (i) Executive shall be entitled to such employee benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company, including
without limitation, health insurance, paid vacation of not less than four (4) weeks per year, retirement plans and other similar benefits; provided, that Company reserves the right to amend, modify, terminate or make any other changes in such
benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company at any time in its sole discretion.    (ii) The Company shall
pay or reimburse Executive for all travel and entertainment expenses incurred by Executive in connection with Executive s duties on behalf of the Company, subject to the reasonable approval of the Company. Executive shall only be entitled
to reimbursement to the extent that Executive follows the reasonable procedures established by the Company for reimbursement of such expenses which will include, but will not be limited to, providing satisfactory evidence of such expenditures.  
      -2-  

III. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT   
 3.1  Termination of Employment and Severance Benefits  .   
 (a)  Termination of Employment  .  This Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events:  
 (i) The Company s determination in good faith that it is terminating Executive for Cause (as defined in Section 3.3 below)
(  Termination for Cause      (ii) The Company s determination that it is terminating Executive without Cause, which
determination may be made by the Company at any time at the Company s sole discretion, for any or no reason (  Termination Without Cause    
 (iii) The effective date of a written notice sent to the Company from Executive stating that Executive is electing to terminate his
employment with the Company (  Voluntary Termination      (iv) A change in Executive s status such that a
 Constructive Termination  (as defined in Section 3.2(d) below) has occurred; or    (v) Following Executive s death or
 Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below).    3.2  Severance Benefits  .    Executive shall be entitled to
receive severance benefits upon termination of employment only as set forth in this Section 3.2 contingent upon resignation from all positions held by Executive and only if Executive executes a full release and waiver of claims within thirty (30)
days of Executive s termination (and allows it to become effective in accordance with its terms):    (a)  Voluntary
Termination  .  If Executive s employment terminates by Voluntary Termination, then Executive shall not be entitled to receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid
vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and Executive s benefits will be continued under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on
the date of termination and in accordance with applicable law.    (b)  Involuntary Termination  .  If Executive s
employment is terminated under Section 3.1(a)(ii) (Termination Without Cause) or 3.1(a)(iv) (Constructive Termination) above (such termination, an   Involuntary Termination  ), Executive will be entitled to receive payment of
severance benefits equal to Executive s regular monthly salary for twelve (12) months (the   Severance Period  ). Such payments shall be made, at the Company s option, in a lump sum within thirty (30) days after the
date of Executive s Involuntary Termination or periodically over the Severance Period according to the Company s standard payroll schedule, provided that such payments may not extend beyond two and one-half (2
  1   2 ) months following the end of the calendar year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will also be entitled to receive
payment on the date of Involuntary Termination of the pro rata portion of any  
      -3-  

Annual Bonus based on achievement of the specific corporate and individual performance targets established for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs, payable prior to two and one-half
(2   1   2 ) months following the end of the calendar year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will receive payment(s) for all
salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and health insurance benefits will be continued through payment of Executive s COBRA health insurance premiums by the Company over the Severance
Period so long as Executive timely elects to continue Executive s health insurance coverage under COBRA and subject to COBRA s terms, conditions and requirements. 
 (c)  Termination for Cause  .  If Executive s employment is terminated for Cause, then Executive shall not be entitled to
receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and Executive s benefits will be continued under the
Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of termination and in accordance with applicable law.  
 (d)  Constructive Termination  .      Constructive Termination   shall be deemed to occur if (A) there is a
material reduction or change in job duties, responsibilities and requirements inconsistent with Executive s position with the Company and prior duties, responsibilities and requirements, provided that neither a mere change in title alone nor
reassignment to a position that is substantially similar to the position held prior to the change in terms of job duties, responsibilities or requirements shall constitute a material reduction in job responsibilities; or (B) there is a
reduction in Executive s then-current base salary by at least twenty percent (20%), provided that an across-the-board reduction in the salary level of all other senior executives by the same percentage amount as part of a general salary level
reduction shall not constitute such a salary reduction; or (C) Executive refuses to relocate to a facility or location more than 50 miles from the Company s current location; provided, however, that in each case above, Executive must first
provide notice of the existence of the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of such circumstances and the Company must be provided with a period of thirty (30) days from the date of
receipt of such notice to cure the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination; provided further that the Company may notify Executive at any time prior to expiration of the cure period that it will not cure the circumstances, in which
case the cure period shall end immediately upon such notification.   (e)  Termination by Reason of Death or Disability  .  In
the event that Executive s employment with the Company terminates as a result of Executive s death or  Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below), Executive or Executive s estate or representative will receive all salary and
unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s death or Disability and any other benefits payable under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of death
or Disability and in accordance with applicable law. In addition, Executive s estate or representative will receive the amount of Executive s Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which the death or Disability occurs to the extent that
the Annual Bonus has been earned as of the date of Executive s death or Disability, as determined by the Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee based on the specific corporate and individual performance targets established for such
fiscal year, which will be paid prior to two and one-half (2   1   2 ) months following the year of Executive s death or Disability (subject to
Executive s termination as a result of such Disability).  
      -4-  

3.3  Definition of Cause  .  For purposes of this Agreement,
  Cause   for Executive s termination will exist at any time after the happening of one or more of the following events:  
 (a) An action or omission of Executive which constitutes a willful and intentional material breach of this Agreement or the Confidentiality
Agreement (defined below), including without limitation, Executive s theft or other misappropriation of the Company s proprietary information; 
 (b) Executive s commitment of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation of funds or breach of trust in connection with Executive s
employment; or    (c) Executive s conviction of any crime which involves dishonesty or a breach of trust, or gross negligence in
connection with the performance of the Executive s duties.    3.4.  Definition of Disability  .  For purposes of this
Agreement   Disability   shall mean any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12)
months and renders Executive unable to perform the duties of General Counsel and Executive Vice President, Legal Affairs and Corporate Secretary.  
  IV. STOCK ACCELERATION   
 4.1  Accelerated Vesting . Unless specifically provided otherwise in the applicable equity award agreement, in addition to any
other right of acceleration that may be provided pursuant to any equity award plan or agreement pursuant to which Executive has been granted an equity award by the Company, if Executive s employment is terminated due to an Involuntary
Termination, the vesting of any equity awards granted by the Company to Executive shall accelerate such that such equity awards shall become vested as to an additional twelve (12) months, effective as of the date of such Involuntary Termination, to
the extent that such equity awards are outstanding and unvested as of the date of such Involuntary Termination;  provided  that if such Involuntary Termination occurs within twelve (12) months after a Change of Control (as defined below), then
the vesting of all such equity awards shall be accelerated completely so that such equity awards shall become fully vested, effective as of the date of such Involuntary Termination, to the extent that such equity awards are outstanding and unvested
as of the date of such Involuntary Termination. For the avoidance of any doubt, this Section shall prevail over any provision in an equity award agreement providing that unvested equity awards shall terminate or be forfeited as of the date of
such termination, and any such provision shall be inoperative to the extent it is in conflict with this Section.    4.2  Definition of
Change of Control.    For purposes of this Agreement,   Change of Control   shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) an acquisition of the Company by another entity by means of any transaction or
series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation but excluding any  
      -5-  

merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company), or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (collectively, a
  Merger  ), so long as in either case the Company s stockholders of record immediately prior to such Merger will, immediately after such Merger, hold less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving or
acquiring entity.     V. RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS   
 5.1  Confidentiality Agreement  .  Executive shall sign, or has signed the Company s form of Proprietary Information
and Inventions Agreement (the   Confidentiality Agreement  ). Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that she has complied with all obligations under the Confidentiality Agreement and agrees to continue to abide
by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and further agrees that the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement or of Executive s employment relationship with the Company, including the
noncompetition provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement.     VI. OTHER PROVISIONS   
 6.1  Limitation on Severance Benefits  .  In the event that any severance benefits provided for in this Agreement to
Executive (i) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the   Code  ) and (ii) but for this Section 6.1, would be subject to the excise tax imposed
by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executive s severance benefits under Section 3.2 shall be payable either:    (a) in full, or  
 (b) as to such lesser amount which would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code,
   whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999,
results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits under Section 3.2 notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Any determination required
under this Section 6.1 shall be made in writing by independent public accountants appointed by Executive and reasonably acceptable to the Company (the   Accountants  ), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon
Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 6.1, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good
faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and Executive shall furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a
determination under this Section 6.1. The Company shall bear all costs the Accountants may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 6.1. If a reduced amount is to be paid under this Section 6.1,
reductions in payments and/or benefits shall occur in the following order: (1) reduction of cash payments, (2) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock awards other than stock options, (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock
options and (4) reduction of other benefits (if any) paid to the Executive.  
      -6-  

6.2  Code Section 409A . This Agreement shall be interpreted to avoid any penalty
sanctions under Section 409A of the Code and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder (  Section 409A  ). If any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without incurring
sanctions under Section 409A, then such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such sanctions will not be imposed. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may be
made only upon a  separation of service  under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if at the time of Executive s termination of employment, Executive is a  specified employee 
within the meaning of Section 409A, and the deferral of the commencement of any severance payments or benefits otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result of such termination of employment is necessary in order to prevent any
accelerated income recognition or additional tax under Section 409A(a)(1), then the Company will not commence any payment of any such severance payments or benefits otherwise required hereunder (but without any reduction in such payments or benefits
ultimately paid or provided to Executive) that (a) will not and may not under any circumstances, regardless of when such termination occurs, be paid in full by March 15 of the year following Executive s termination (or two and one half (2   1   2 ) months after the close of the Company s fiscal year, if later), and (b) are in excess of the lesser of (i) two (2) times Executive s then annual
compensation or (ii) two (2) times the limit on compensation set forth in Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated and will not be paid by the end of the second calendar year following the year
in which the termination occurs, until the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service  with the Company (as defined under Code Section 409A). If any payments
are delayed due to such requirements, such amounts will be paid in a lump sum to Executive on the earliest of (x) Executive s death following the date of Executive s termination of employment with the Company or (y) the first payroll date
that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service  with the Company. For these purposes, each severance payment or benefit is designated as a separate payment or benefit and will not
collectively be treated as a single payment or benefit. This provision is intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the
additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions
which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, to the
extent that any amendment to this Agreement with respect to the payment of any severance payments or benefits would constitute under Section 409A a delay or acceleration in a payment or a change in the form of payment, then such amendment must be
done in a manner that complies with Section 409A(a)(4)(C).  
      -7-  

6.3  Indemnification . The Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the
Executive harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law and as set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, from and against any expenses, including legal fees, and all judgments, fines and amounts paid in
settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings to which the Executive is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of the fact the Executive is or was a director or officer of the
Company.    6.4    Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement, the indemnification agreement
between Executive and the Company and any agreement pertaining to Executive s equity awards contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to Executive s employment by the Company and compensation payable to
Executive by the Company and supersede all prior understandings, agreements and discussions, including the Prior Agreement. This Agreement may only be amended or modified by a written instrument executed by Executive and the Company pursuant to
authorization by any individual or individuals authorized to approve the compensation and other terms of employment of Executive.  
 6.5  Notices.  Any and all notices permitted or required to be given under this Agreement must be in writing. Notices will
be deemed given (i) on the first business day after having been sent by commercial overnight courier with written verification of receipt, or (ii) on the third business day after having been sent by registered or certified mail from a location on
the United States mainland, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, whichever occurs first, at the address set forth below or at any new address, notice of which will have been given in accordance with this Section 6.4:  
   
   6.6  Non-Waiver.  Failure to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Agreement shall
not be interpreted to be a waiver of such provisions or to affect either the validity of this Agreement or the right of either party thereafter to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement.  
 6.7  Separability.  If one or more provisions of this Agreement is finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such
provision will not affect or impair the other provisions of this Agreement, all of which will continue to be in effect and will be enforceable, provided, however, that any such invalid provisions shall, to the extent possible, be reformed so as to
implement insofar as practicable the intentions of the parties.  
      -8-  

6.8  Term.  The employment of Executive under this Agreement shall be for an
unspecified term. The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that Executive s employment is and shall continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law, and that Executive s employment with the Company may be terminated by
either party at any time for any or no reason, and with or without notice. If Executive s employment terminates for any reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages award or compensation other than as provided
in this Agreement.    6.9  Law.  This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington.
   6 . 10  No Duty to Mitigate  .  Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment
contemplated by this Agreement (whether by seeking new employment or in any other manner), nor, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, shall any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source.  
 6.11  Legal Fees.  In the event either party breaches this Agreement, the nonbreaching party shall be entitled to recover from the
breaching party any and all damages, costs and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys  fees and court costs, incurred by the nonbreaching party as a result of the breach.  
 6 . 12  Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts which when taken together will constitute one
instrument. Any copy of this Agreement with the original signatures of all parties appended will constitute an original.  
      -9-  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above
written.       

COMPANY:    

SEATTLE GENETICS, INC.    

By: 
   
 /s/ Clay B. Siegall  

Name: 
   
 Clay B. Siegall  

Title: 
   
 President   Chief Executive Officer  

EXECUTIVE    

/s/ Jean Liu  
 
    Jean Liu    

-10-  

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 11
 d251389dex1010.htm
 EX-10.10

EX-10.10 

Exhibit 10.10   
   AMENDED   RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT    
  THIS AMENDED   RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  (  Agreement  ) is made and entered into as of the 26 th  day of October, 2016, by and between SEATTLE GENETICS, INC., a Delaware corporation (  Company  ) and Darren S. Cline (  Executive  ).  
  RECITALS:      A.  The
Company desires that Executive perform services as Executive Vice President, Commercial of the Company, having been duly appointed to such position.  
  B.  Executive desires to continue in such engagement.  
  C.  This Agreement contains other provisions applicable to the employment of Executive by the Company.  
  D.  The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that as of the date of this Agreement, this Agreement amends and restates and
supersedes the Executive Employment Agreement that was made and entered into as of February 18, 2015, by and between the Company and Executive (the   Prior Agreement  ).  
 In consideration of the above Recitals and the provisions of this Agreement, the Company and Executive agree as follows:  
  I. DUTIES     1.1  Title and
Responsibilities.  Executive shall serve as Executive Vice President, Commercial of the Company, which title may be changed at any time in the sole discretion of the Company. Executive s responsibilities and duties shall include
those inherent in Executive s position with the Company and shall further include such other managerial responsibilities and executive duties consistent with such position as may be assigned to Executive from time to time by the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company. Executive shall devote his best efforts and full business time to the business and interests of the Company. During the term of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive may serve on the board of
directors of other companies, manage personal investments, and engage in civic and charitable activities, provided that such activities shall not represent a conflict of interest with the Company and do not materially detract from fulfilling
Executive s responsibilities and duties to the Company.     II. COMPENSATION   
 2.1  Base Salary.  Executive shall be paid a base salary (  Base Salary  ) by the Company during the term of
Executive s employment at the rate determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the   Compensation Committee  ), or as applicable, any  

individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. Executive s Base Salary shall be reviewed annually and evaluated based on performance and salary levels of other
executives of comparable position within the industry and geographic location of the Company. Based upon such evaluation and review, Executive s Base Salary may be adjusted from time to time as determined by the Compensation Committee, or
as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive, in its or their sole discretion.  
 2.2  Bonus.  In addition to Base Salary, Executive may be eligible to receive an annual bonus (  Annual
Bonus  ), based on a target percentage of Executive s Base Salary determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. The amount of the annual bonus shall
be based upon performance criteria and financial and operational results of the Company as determined by the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive. To the extent that
the Annual Bonus is earned and becomes payable in accordance with the terms under which it is offered and unless otherwise specified in a written document reflecting the bonus arrangement, any Annual Bonus earned by Executive will be paid to
Executive prior to two and one half (2   1   2 ) months following the year in which the Annual Bonus becomes payable as a result of Executive s vesting in the
right to the Annual Bonus.     2. 3  Equity Awards . Executive may be eligible to receive grants of stock options or other
equity awards from time to time in the future, on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Compensation Committee, or as applicable, any individual authorized to approve the terms of employment of Executive, shall determine as of the date of
any such grant and pursuant to the existing equity plan(s) of the Company.   2.4  Other Benefits.   
 (i) Executive shall be entitled to such employee benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company, including
without limitation, health insurance, paid vacation of not less than four (4) weeks per year, retirement plans and other similar benefits; provided, that Company reserves the right to amend, modify, terminate or make any other changes in such
benefits generally available to full-time salaried employees of the Company at any time in its sole discretion.    (ii) The Company shall
pay or reimburse Executive for all travel and entertainment expenses incurred by Executive in connection with Executive s duties on behalf of the Company, subject to the reasonable approval of the Company. Executive shall only be entitled
to reimbursement to the extent that Executive follows the reasonable procedures established by the Company for reimbursement of such expenses which will include, but will not be limited to, providing satisfactory evidence of such expenditures.  
      -2-  

III. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT   
 3.1  Termination of Employment and Severance Benefits  .   
 (a)  Termination of Employment  .  This Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events:  
 (i) The Company s determination in good faith that it is terminating Executive for Cause (as defined in Section 3.3 below)
(  Termination for Cause      (ii) The Company s determination that it is terminating Executive without Cause, which
determination may be made by the Company at any time at the Company s sole discretion, for any or no reason (  Termination Without Cause    
 (iii) The effective date of a written notice sent to the Company from Executive stating that Executive is electing to terminate his
employment with the Company (  Voluntary Termination      (iv) A change in Executive s status such that a
 Constructive Termination  (as defined in Section 3.2(d) below) has occurred; or    (v) Following Executive s death or
 Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below).    3.2  Severance Benefits  .    Executive shall be entitled to
receive severance benefits upon termination of employment only as set forth in this Section 3.2 contingent upon resignation from all positions held by Executive and only if Executive executes a full release and waiver of claims within thirty (30)
days of Executive s termination (and allows it to become effective in accordance with its terms):    (a)  Voluntary
Termination  .  If Executive s employment terminates by Voluntary Termination, then Executive shall not be entitled to receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid
vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and Executive s benefits will be continued under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on
the date of termination and in accordance with applicable law.    (b)  Involuntary Termination  .  If Executive s
employment is terminated under Section 3.1(a)(ii) (Termination Without Cause) or 3.1(a)(iv) (Constructive Termination) above (such termination, an   Involuntary Termination  ), Executive will be entitled to receive payment of
severance benefits equal to Executive s regular monthly salary for twelve (12) months (the   Severance Period  ). Such payments shall be made, at the Company s option, in a lump sum within thirty (30) days after the
date of Executive s Involuntary Termination or periodically over the Severance Period according to the Company s standard payroll schedule, provided that such payments may not extend beyond two and one-half (2
  1   2 ) months following the end of the calendar year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will also be entitled to receive
payment on the date of Involuntary Termination of the pro rata portion of any  
      -3-  

Annual Bonus based on achievement of the specific corporate and individual performance targets established for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs, payable prior to two and one-half
(2   1   2 ) months following the end of the calendar year in which the date of Involuntary Termination occurs. Executive will receive payment(s) for all
salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and health insurance benefits will be continued through payment of Executive s COBRA health insurance premiums by the Company over the Severance
Period so long as Executive timely elects to continue Executive s health insurance coverage under COBRA and subject to COBRA s terms, conditions and requirements. 
 (c)  Termination for Cause  .  If Executive s employment is terminated for Cause, then Executive shall not be entitled to
receive payment of any severance benefits. Executive will receive payment(s) for all salary and unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s termination of employment and Executive s benefits will be continued under the
Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of termination and in accordance with applicable law.  
 (d)  Constructive Termination  .      Constructive Termination   shall be deemed to occur if (A) there is a
material reduction or change in job duties, responsibilities and requirements inconsistent with Executive s position with the Company and prior duties, responsibilities and requirements, provided that neither a mere change in title alone nor
reassignment to a position that is substantially similar to the position held prior to the change in terms of job duties, responsibilities or requirements shall constitute a material reduction in job responsibilities; or (B) there is a
reduction in Executive s then-current base salary by at least twenty percent (20%), provided that an across-the-board reduction in the salary level of all other senior executives by the same percentage amount as part of a general salary level
reduction shall not constitute such a salary reduction; or (C) Executive refuses to relocate to a facility or location more than 50 miles from the Company s current location; provided, however, that in each case above, Executive must first
provide notice of the existence of the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of such circumstances and the Company must be provided with a period of thirty (30) days from the date of
receipt of such notice to cure the circumstances giving rise to a Constructive Termination; provided further that the Company may notify Executive at any time prior to expiration of the cure period that it will not cure the circumstances, in which
case the cure period shall end immediately upon such notification.   (e)  Termination by Reason of Death or Disability  .  In
the event that Executive s employment with the Company terminates as a result of Executive s death or  Disability  (as defined in Section 3.4 below), Executive or Executive s estate or representative will receive all salary and
unpaid vacation accrued as of the date of Executive s death or Disability and any other benefits payable under the Company s then existing benefit plans and policies in accordance with such plans and policies in effect on the date of death
or Disability and in accordance with applicable law. In addition, Executive s estate or representative will receive the amount of Executive s Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which the death or Disability occurs to the extent that
the Annual Bonus has been earned as of the date of Executive s death or Disability, as determined by the Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee based on the specific corporate and individual performance targets established for such
fiscal year, which will be paid prior to two and one-half (2   1   2 ) months following the year of Executive s death or Disability (subject to
Executive s termination as a result of such Disability).  
      -4-  

3.3  Definition of Cause  .  For purposes of this Agreement,
  Cause   for Executive s termination will exist at any time after the happening of one or more of the following events:  
 (a) An action or omission of Executive which constitutes a willful and intentional material breach of this Agreement or the Confidentiality
Agreement (defined below), including without limitation, Executive s theft or other misappropriation of the Company s proprietary information; 
 (b) Executive s commitment of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation of funds or breach of trust in connection with Executive s
employment; or    (c) Executive s conviction of any crime which involves dishonesty or a breach of trust, or gross negligence in
connection with the performance of the Executive s duties.    3.4.  Definition of Disability  .  For purposes of this
Agreement   Disability   shall mean any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12)
months and renders Executive unable to perform the duties of Executive Vice President, Commercial.     IV. STOCK ACCELERATION
    4.1  Accelerated Vesting . Unless specifically provided otherwise in the applicable equity award agreement, in addition
to any other right of acceleration that may be provided pursuant to any equity award plan or agreement pursuant to which Executive has been granted an equity award by the Company, if Executive s employment is terminated due to an Involuntary
Termination, the vesting of any equity awards granted by the Company to Executive shall accelerate such that such equity awards shall become vested as to an additional twelve (12) months, effective as of the date of such Involuntary Termination, to
the extent that such equity awards are outstanding and unvested as of the date of such Involuntary Termination;  provided  that if such Involuntary Termination occurs within twelve (12) months after a Change of Control (as defined below), then
the vesting of all such equity awards shall be accelerated completely so that such equity awards shall become fully vested, effective as of the date of such Involuntary Termination, to the extent that such equity awards are outstanding and unvested
as of the date of such Involuntary Termination. For the avoidance of any doubt, this Section shall prevail over any provision in an equity award agreement providing that unvested equity awards shall terminate or be forfeited as of the date of
such termination, and any such provision shall be inoperative to the extent it is in conflict with this Section.    4.2  Definition of
Change of Control.    For purposes of this Agreement,   Change of Control   shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) an acquisition of the Company by another entity by means of any transaction or
series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation but excluding any  
      -5-  

merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company), or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (collectively, a
  Merger  ), so long as in either case the Company s stockholders of record immediately prior to such Merger will, immediately after such Merger, hold less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving or
acquiring entity.     V. RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS   
 5.1  Confidentiality Agreement  .  Executive shall sign, or has signed the Company s form of Proprietary Information
and Inventions Agreement (the   Confidentiality Agreement  ). Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that he has complied with all obligations under the Confidentiality Agreement and agrees to continue to abide
by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and further agrees that the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement or of Executive s employment relationship with the Company, including the
noncompetition provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement.     VI. OTHER PROVISIONS   
 6.1  Limitation on Severance Benefits  .  In the event that any severance benefits provided for in this Agreement to
Executive (i) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the   Code  ) and (ii) but for this Section 6.1, would be subject to the excise tax imposed
by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executive s severance benefits under Section 3.2 shall be payable either:    (a) in full, or  
 (b) as to such lesser amount which would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code,
   whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999,
results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits under Section 3.2 notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Any determination required
under this Section 6.1 shall be made in writing by independent public accountants appointed by Executive and reasonably acceptable to the Company (the   Accountants  ), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon
Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 6.1, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good
faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and Executive shall furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a
determination under this Section 6.1. The Company shall bear all costs the Accountants may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 6.1. If a reduced amount is to be paid under this Section 6.1,
reductions in payments and/or benefits shall occur in the following order: (1) reduction of cash payments, (2) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock awards other than stock options, (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock
options and (4) reduction of other benefits (if any) paid to the Executive.  
      -6-  

6.2  Code Section 409A . This Agreement shall be interpreted to avoid any penalty
sanctions under Section 409A of the Code and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder (  Section 409A  ). If any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without incurring
sanctions under Section 409A, then such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such sanctions will not be imposed. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may be
made only upon a  separation of service  under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if at the time of Executive s termination of employment, Executive is a  specified employee 
within the meaning of Section 409A, and the deferral of the commencement of any severance payments or benefits otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result of such termination of employment is necessary in order to prevent any
accelerated income recognition or additional tax under Section 409A(a)(1), then the Company will not commence any payment of any such severance payments or benefits otherwise required hereunder (but without any reduction in such payments or benefits
ultimately paid or provided to Executive) that (a) will not and may not under any circumstances, regardless of when such termination occurs, be paid in full by March 15 of the year following Executive s termination (or two and one half (2   1   2 ) months after the close of the Company s fiscal year, if later), and (b) are in excess of the lesser of (i) two (2) times Executive s then annual
compensation or (ii) two (2) times the limit on compensation set forth in Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated and will not be paid by the end of the second calendar year following the year
in which the termination occurs, until the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service  with the Company (as defined under Code Section 409A). If any payments
are delayed due to such requirements, such amounts will be paid in a lump sum to Executive on the earliest of (x) Executive s death following the date of Executive s termination of employment with the Company or (y) the first payroll date
that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s  separation of service  with the Company. For these purposes, each severance payment or benefit is designated as a separate payment or benefit and will not
collectively be treated as a single payment or benefit. This provision is intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the
additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions
which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, to the
extent that any amendment to this Agreement with respect to the payment of any severance payments or benefits would constitute under Section 409A a delay or acceleration in a payment or a change in the form of payment, then such amendment must be
done in a manner that complies with Section 409A(a)(4)(C).  
      -7-  

6.3  Indemnification . The Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the
Executive harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law and as set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, from and against any expenses, including legal fees, and all judgments, fines and amounts paid
in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings to which the Executive is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of the fact the Executive is or was a director or officer of the
Company.    6.4    Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement, the indemnification agreement
between Executive and the Company and any agreement pertaining to Executive s equity awards contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to Executive s employment by the Company and compensation payable to
Executive by the Company and supersede all prior understandings, agreements and discussions, including the Prior Agreement. This Agreement may only be amended or modified by a written instrument executed by Executive and the Company pursuant to
authorization by any individual or individuals authorized to approve the compensation and other terms of employment of Executive.  
 6.5  Notices.  Any and all notices permitted or required to be given under this Agreement must be in writing. Notices will
be deemed given (i) on the first business day after having been sent by commercial overnight courier with written verification of receipt, or (ii) on the third business day after having been sent by registered or certified mail from a location on
the United States mainland, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, whichever occurs first, at the address set forth below or at any new address, notice of which will have been given in accordance with this Section 6.4:  
   
   6.6  Non-Waiver.  Failure to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Agreement shall
not be interpreted to be a waiver of such provisions or to affect either the validity of this Agreement or the right of either party thereafter to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement.  
 6.7  Separability.  If one or more provisions of this Agreement is finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such
provision will not affect or impair the other provisions of this Agreement, all of which will continue to be in effect and will be enforceable, provided, however, that any such invalid provisions shall, to the extent possible, be reformed so as to
implement insofar as practicable the intentions of the parties.  
      -8-  

6.8  Term.  The employment of Executive under this Agreement shall be for an
unspecified term. The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that Executive s employment is and shall continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law, and that Executive s employment with the Company may be terminated by
either party at any time for any or no reason, and with or without notice. If Executive s employment terminates for any reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages award or compensation other than as provided
in this Agreement.    6.9  Law.  This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington.
   6 . 10  No Duty to Mitigate  .  Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment
contemplated by this Agreement (whether by seeking new employment or in any other manner), nor, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, shall any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source.  
 6.11  Legal Fees.  In the event either party breaches this Agreement, the nonbreaching party shall be entitled to recover from the
breaching party any and all damages, costs and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys  fees and court costs, incurred by the nonbreaching party as a result of the breach.  
 6 . 12  Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts which when taken together will constitute one
instrument. Any copy of this Agreement with the original signatures of all parties appended will constitute an original.  
      -9-  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above
written.       

COMPANY:    

SEATTLE GENETICS, INC.    

By: 
   
 /s/ Clay B. Siegall  

Name: 
   
 Clay B. Siegall  

Title: 
   
 President   Chief Executive Officer  

EXECUTIVE    

/s/ Darren S. Cline  
 
    Darren S. Cline    

-10-  

</EX-10.10>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 d251389dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Clay B. Siegall,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Seattle Genetics, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: October 27, 2016      

/s/ Clay B. Siegall   
 
 Clay B. Siegall  
 
  Chief Executive Officer   
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 d251389dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Todd E. Simpson,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Seattle Genetics, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: October 27, 2016      

/s/ Todd E. Simpson   
 
 Todd E. Simpson  
 
  Chief Financial Officer   
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 d251389dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  SEATTLE GENETICS, INC.   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Seattle Genetics, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Clay B. Siegall, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Clay B. Siegall   
 
 Clay B. Siegall  
 
  Chief Executive Officer   
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  
   October 27, 2016    This
certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Seattle Genetics, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 d251389dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  SEATTLE GENETICS, INC.   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Seattle Genetics, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Todd E. Simpson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Todd E. Simpson   
 
 Todd E. Simpson  
 
  Chief Financial Officer   
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  
   October 27, 2016    This
certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Seattle Genetics, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 16
 sgen-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 sgen-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 sgen-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 sgen-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 sgen-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 sgen-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

