<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1431766_0001171520-16-001082_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1526153</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>61668</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>108171</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>269616</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>619209</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>435084</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>6</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171520-16-001082.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110132636
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171520-16-001082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001431766
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF NONRESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS [6512]
		IRS NUMBER:				208061759

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53165
		FILM NUMBER:		161987107

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 EDGEWATER PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			WAKEFIELD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01880
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-557-1300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 EDGEWATER PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			WAKEFIELD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01880

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171520-16-001082.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 eps7014.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10 - Q 

(Mark One) 

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

OR 

For the transition period from _________ to
__________. 

Commission File
Number: 000-53165  

FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  
      20-8061759   
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of 
     (I.R.S. Employer  
 
     incorporation or organization) 
     Identification No.)  

401 Edgewater Place 
Wakefield, MA 01880 

 (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code) 

(781) 557-1300   

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

N/A   

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

YES         
     NO          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

YES         
     NO          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer     
     Accelerated filer      
 
     Non-accelerated filer          (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

YES         
     NO          

The number of shares of common stock outstanding was
1 and the number of shares of preferred stock outstanding was 2,210, each as of October 31, 2016. 

FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp. 

Form 10-Q 

Quarterly Report 

 September 30, 2016 

Table of Contents 

Page    
 
      Part I.  
      Financial Information  

Item 1.   
      Financial Statements  

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
       
      2   

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
       
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
       
      4   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
       
      5-9   

Item 2.   
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       
      10-15   

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
       
      16   

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
       
      16   

Part II.   
      Other Information  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
       
      17   

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors   
       
      17   

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
       
      17   

Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
       
      17   

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
       
      17   

Item 5.  
      Other Information  
       
      17   

Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
       
      17   

Signatures  

18   

1   

P ART I  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements  

FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.  
 Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 (Unaudited)  

2   

FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.  
 Consolidated Statements of Operations  
 (Unaudited)  

3   

FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.  
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 (Unaudited)  

4   

FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (Unaudited)  

1.       Organization,
Basis of Presentation, Real Estate and Depreciation, Financial Instruments, Restricted Cash / Investments, and Recent Accounting
Standards 

Organization 

FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp. (the
 Company ) was organized on December 13, 2006 as a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware to purchase,
own, and operate a twenty-eight story Class  A  multi-tenant office tower containing approximately 860,000 rentable
square feet of space located in downtown Chicago, Illinois (the  Property ). The Company acquired the Property and
commenced operations on January 5, 2007. Franklin Street Properties Corp. ( Franklin Street ) (NYSE MKT: FSP) holds
the sole share of the Company s common stock, $.01 par value per share (the  Common Stock ). Between February
2007 and December 2007, FSP Investments LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Franklin Street, completed the sale on a best efforts
basis of 2,210 shares of the Company s preferred stock, $.01 par value per share (the  Preferred Stock ). FSP
Investments LLC sold the Preferred Stock in a private placement offering to  accredited investors  within the meaning
of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933. 

All references to the Company refer
to FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp. and its consolidated subsidiary, collectively, unless the context otherwise requires. 

Basis of Presentation   

The unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company
include all the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary. These financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the Company's consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). 

The accompanying interim financial statements
are unaudited; however, the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and in conjunction with the rules and regulations
of the SEC. Accordingly, they do not include all of the disclosures required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the
opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting solely of normal recurring matters) necessary for a fair presentation of the
financial statements for these interim periods have been included. Operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or for any other period. 

Real Estate and Depreciation   

Real estate assets are stated at cost, less
accumulated depreciation. If the Company determines that impairment has occurred, the affected assets are reduced to their fair
value. 

Costs related to property acquisition and
improvements are capitalized. Typical capital items include new roofs, site improvements, various exterior building improvements
and major interior renovations. 

Routine replacements and ordinary maintenance
and repairs that do not extend the life of the asset are expensed as incurred. Funding for repairs and maintenance items typically
is provided by cash flows from operating activities. 

Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method over the assets  estimated useful lives as follows: 

Category   
       Years    

Buildings 
     39  

Building Improvements 
     15-39  

Furniture and Equipment 
     5-7  

Tenant Improvements 
     shorter of estimated useful life or the term of the lease  

The Company reviews the Property to determine if the
carrying amount will be recovered from future cash flows if certain indicators of impairment are identified at the Property. The
evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental
rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. When indicators of impairment
are present and the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying value of such asset, an impairment loss
is recorded equal to the difference between the asset s current carrying value and its fair value based on discounting its
estimated future cash flows. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, no impairment charges were recorded. 

5   

FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (Unaudited)  

1.       Organization,
Basis of Presentation, Real Estate and Depreciation, Financial Instruments, Restricted Cash / Investments, and Recent Accounting
Standards (continued) 

Financial Instruments 

The Company estimates that the carrying value of cash
and cash equivalents, restricted cash, restricted investments and loan payable approximate their fair values based on their short-term
maturity and prevailing interest rates. 

Restricted Cash and Investments  

The Company is required under the loan payable to hold
proceeds from the loan payable in a restricted reserve account or accounts.  These proceeds are classified as restricted cash
or restricted investments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, depending on the initial maturity of the respective instrument. 
Restricted cash at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of amounts in a money market account and certificates of
deposit totaling $9,511,000 and $7,668,000, respectively.  Restricted investments at September 30, 2016 consisted of investments
in certificates of deposit with a carrying value of $2,000,000. Restricted investments at December 31, 2015 consisted of investments
in a U.S. Treasury Bill, which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until their maturity, with a total face value of
$6,000,000 and a total carrying value of $5,998,000. 

Recent Accounting Standards  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(the   FASB ), issued Accounting Standards Update, or ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606),  which provides guidance for revenue recognition. The update s core principle is that a company will recognize
revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14 delaying the effective
date for adoption. This update is now effective for interim and fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is
currently in the process of evaluating the impact the adoption of this ASU 2014-09 will have on the consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments
  Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . ASU 2016-01 requires equity
investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee)
to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, requires public business entities to use the
exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes, requires separate presentation
of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset, and eliminates the requirement
for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required
to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing
the potential impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-01 will have on the consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842) . ASU 2016-02 requires that a lessee recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from operating
leases by recognizing in the balance sheet a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing
its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of twelve months or less, a lessee is permitted
to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. In transition,
lessee and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified
retrospective approach. Topic 842 affects any entity that enters into a lease with some specified scope exemptions. ASU No. 2016-02
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact that the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 will have on the consolidated
financial statements. 

6   

FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (Unaudited)  

1.       Organization,
Basis of Presentation, Real Estate and Depreciation, Financial Instruments, Restricted Cash / Investments, and Recent Accounting
Standards (continued) 

Reclassifications  

Certain amounts from the 2015 financial statements
have been reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation. The reclassifications were related primarily to conform to ASU No.
2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , which requires debt issuance costs to be presented
in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the associated debt liability. This new standard is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and requires retrospective application. Approximately $171,000 of debt issuance
costs were reclassified from unamortized deferred financing costs to contra term loans on the balance sheet at December 31, 2015.
There was no change to net loss for any period presented as a result of these reclassifications. 

Certain comparative information provided for prior
periods have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.  This reclassification does not have any impact
on net loss, but rather reclassifications within the investing activities section of the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

2.       Income
Taxes 

The Company has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment
trust ( REIT ) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. As a REIT, the Company generally is entitled to
a tax deduction for dividends paid to its stockholders, thereby effectively subjecting the distributed net income of the Company
to taxation at the shareholder level only. The Company must comply with a variety of restrictions to maintain its status as a REIT.
These restrictions include the type of income it can earn, the type of assets it can hold, the number of stockholders it can have
and the concentration of their ownership, and the amount of the Company s income that must be distributed annually. 

Accrued interest
and penalties will be recorded as income tax expense, if the Company records a liability in the future. The Company files income
tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and the State of Illinois jurisdiction. The statute of limitations for the Company s
income tax returns is generally three years and as such, the Company s returns that remain subject to examination would be
primarily from 2013 and thereafter.  

3.        Loan
Payable  

On August 3, 2011, the Company entered into a mortgage
note in favor of John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (the  Lender ) to evidence a loan in the original principal
amount of $35,000,000 that matures on September 1, 2021 (the  Loan ). The proceeds of the Loan are being held by the
Lender for the Company s benefit in a restricted reserve account or accounts to be drawn upon by the Company from time to
time for tenant improvement costs and leasing commissions at the Property upon satisfaction of certain conditions. The Loan bears
interest at the fixed rate of 4.83% per annum. The Company was obligated to make monthly payments of interest only for the initial
60 months of the Loan. Thereafter, the Company is obligated to make monthly payments of principal and interest for the remaining
60 months, based on a 25-year amortization schedule, until the maturity date, when all outstanding amounts become due. Commencing
on October 1, 2016, the Loan became payable in monthly payments of principal and interest in the amount of $201,155. The Company
may prepay the Loan with a prepayment premium, as defined in the Loan agreement. The Loan is secured, in part, by a mortgage, assignment
of leases and rents and security agreement (the  Mortgage ) from the Company in favor of the Lender. The Mortgage constitutes
a lien against the Property and has been recorded in the land records of Cook County, Illinois. Subject to customary exceptions,
the Loan is nonrecourse to the Company. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had drawn an aggregate of $23,508,000 from the restricted
reserve account(s). Interest expense paid on the Loan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,268,000 for
both periods. The documents evidencing and securing the Loan include restrictions on property liens and require compliance with
various non-financial covenants, which include the requirement that the Company provide annual reports to the Lender. The Company
was in compliance with the Loan covenants as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Fees paid associated with the Loan were $304,000 and
are being amortized on the straight-line basis over the term of the Loan. Amortization expense for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 was $23,000 and $22,000, respectively, and is included in interest expense in the Company s Consolidated
Statements of Operations. 

7   

FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (Unaudited)  

4.      Related Party Transactions  

Asset Management Agreement  

The Company has in the past engaged in and currently engages
in transactions with a related party, Franklin Street, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, FSP Investments LLC and FSP Property
Management LLC (collectively  FSP ). The Company expects to continue to have related party transactions with FSP in
the form of management fees paid to FSP to manage the Company on behalf of its stockholders. FSP Property Management LLC currently
provides the Company with asset management and financial reporting services. The asset management agreement between the Company
and FSP Property Management LLC requires the Company to pay FSP Property Management LLC a monthly fee equal to one-half of one
percent (.5%) of the gross revenues of the Property. The asset management agreement between the Company and FSP Property Management
LLC may be terminated by either party without cause at any time, upon at least thirty (30) days  written notice. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, management fees paid to FSP Property Management LLC were approximately $66,000 and
 $57,000, respectively.  

Investor Services Agreement  

On August 14, 2012, the Company entered into an Investor
Services Agreement (the  FSPI Agreement ) with FSP Investments LLC for the provision of investor services to holders
of the Company s preferred stock. FSP Investments LLC acted as a real estate investment firm and broker/dealer with respect
to (a) the Company s organization, (b) the Company s acquisition of the Property and (c) the sale of the Company s
equity interests. The FSPI Agreement requires the Company to pay a monthly service fee of $500 for services performed under the
FSPI Agreement, and to reimburse FSP Investments LLC for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the
FSPI Agreement. The FSPI Agreement may be terminated by either party with thirty days written notice or immediately upon certain
events of default set forth in the FSPI Agreement. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, investor services fees
and expenses paid to FSP Investments LLC were approximately $12,000 and $11,000, respectively. 

Ownership of Preferred Stock and Common Stock  

On December 27, 2007, Franklin Street purchased 965.75 shares
of Preferred Stock (or approximately 43.7% of the currently issued and outstanding shares of Preferred Stock) for consideration
totaling $82,813,000. Prior to purchasing any shares of the Preferred Stock, Franklin Street agreed to vote any shares of Preferred
Stock held by it on any matter presented to the holders of the Preferred Stock in a manner that approximates as closely as possible
the votes cast in favor of and opposed to such matter by the holders of the Preferred Stock other than Franklin Street and its
affiliates. For purposes of determining how Franklin Street votes its shares of the Preferred Stock, abstentions and non-votes
by stockholders other than Franklin Street are not considered. Franklin Street is entitled to distributions that are declared on
the Preferred Stock. 

Franklin Street is the sole holder of the Company s one
share of Common Stock that is issued and outstanding. Subsequent to the completion of the private placement of the Preferred Stock
in December 2007, Franklin Street has not been entitled to share in the Company s earnings or any dividend related to the
Common Stock. 

5.      Net Income Per
Share 

Basic net income per share is computed by dividing
net income by the weighted average number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share
reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue shares were exercised or converted into
shares. There were no potential dilutive shares outstanding at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

6.      Segment Reporting 

The Company operates in one industry segment, which
is real estate ownership of commercial property. The Company owned and operated the Property for all periods presented. 

8   

FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

7.      Cash Distributions  

The Company s board of directors declared and
paid cash distributions as follows: 

8.      Subsequent Event  

The Company declared a cash distribution of $316 per
preferred share on October 20, 2016 to the holders of record of the Company s Preferred Stock on November 3, 2016, payable
on November 10, 2016. 

9   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion should be read in
conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report and in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Historical results and percentage relationships set forth in the consolidated financial
statements, including trends which might appear, should not be taken as necessarily indicative of future operations. The following
discussion and other parts of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may also contain forward-looking statements based on current judgments
and current knowledge of management, which are subject to certain risks, trends and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those indicated in such forward-looking statements. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainty,
including without limitation, economic conditions in the United States and in the market where we own the Property, disruptions
in the debt markets, risks of a lessening of demand for the type of real estate owned by us, changes in government regulations
and regulatory uncertainty, geopolitical events, and expenditures that cannot be anticipated such as utility rate and usage increases,
unanticipated repairs, uncertainties relating to fiscal policy, additional staffing, insurance increases and real estate tax valuation
reassessments. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee
future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. We may not update any of the forward-looking statements after
the date this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is filed to conform them to actual results or to changes in our expectations that occur
after such date, other than as required by law. 

Overview   

FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp., which we
refer to as the Company, is a Delaware corporation formed to purchase, own, and operate a twenty-eight story Class  A 
multi-tenant office tower containing approximately 860,000 rentable square feet of space located in downtown Chicago, Illinois,
which we refer to as the Property. 

Franklin Street Properties Corp., which we
refer to as Franklin Street, is the sole holder of our one share of common stock, $.01 par value per share, which we refer to as
the Common Stock, that is issued and outstanding. Between February 2007 and December 2007, FSP Investments LLC, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Franklin Street, completed the sale on a best efforts basis of 2,210 shares of our preferred stock, $.01 par value
per share, which we refer to as the Preferred Stock. FSP Investments LLC sold the Preferred Stock in a private placement offering
to  accredited investors  within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933. Since the completion
of the placement of the Preferred Stock in December 2007, Franklin Street has not been entitled to share in any earnings or dividend
related to the Common Stock. 

We operate in one business segment, which
is real estate operations, and own a single property. Our real estate operations involve real estate rental operations, leasing
services and property management services. The main factor that affects our real estate operations is the broad economic market
conditions in the United States and, more specifically, the economic conditions in Chicago, Illinois, the relevant local market.
These market conditions affect the occupancy levels and the rent levels on both a national and local level. We have no influence
on national or local market conditions. 

Trends and Uncertainties   

Economic Conditions  

The economy in the United States
is continuing to experience a period of slow economic growth, with continued declining unemployment rates, which directly affects
the demand for office space, our primary income producing asset.  The broad economic market conditions in the United States
are affected by numerous factors, including but not limited to, inflation and employment levels, energy prices, the pace of economic
growth and/or recessionary concerns, uncertainty about government fiscal and tax policy, changes in currency exchange rates, geopolitical
events, the regulatory environment, the availability of credit and interest rates. In addition, the Federal Reserve Bank has
indicated that it may raise interest rates further in December 2016. Although the interest rate on our existing indebtedness is
fixed, any increase in interest rates could result in increased future borrowing costs to us.  However, we could also benefit
from any further improved economic fundamentals and increasing levels of employment.  We believe that the economy is in a
cyclically-slower but prolonged broad-based upswing.  However, future economic factors may negatively affect real estate values,
occupancy levels and property income. 

10   

Real Estate Operations  

The Property was approximately
67% leased as of September 30, 2016 to a diverse group of tenants with staggered lease expirations. We believe that any tenant
that leases 10% or more of the Property s rentable space is material. As of September 30, 2016, 43 tenants were leasing space
at the Property, with the largest being Maximus, Inc. at approximately 82,865 square feet, or approximately 9.6% of the Property s
rentable space, until November 2017. 

Subsequent to September 30, 2016,
we signed a new lease with Tribune Media for approximately 60,592 square feet, bringing the Property to approximately 74% leased. 

During calendar year 2015, we added
a number of new amenities to the Property and believe that they have been well received by both existing tenants and prospective
tenants. The new amenities are intended to boost leasing activity at the Property from a much wider range of small and mid-sized
companies. The new amenities include a conference center, Wi-Fi lounge and management office on the second floor (adjacent to the
fitness center) and are now available to occupants of the Property. We believe that these types of amenities are popular with prospective
tenants and increasingly critical for office buildings to attract the significant number of technology companies seeking flexible
and modern working spaces in an urban environment. In addition, Bake for Me, a caf  and bakery food service, that provides
breakfast, coffee and lunch options for occupants in the main lobby from early morning to mid-afternoon has been warmly received
by occupants and visitors. 

We believe that the downtown Chicago
office market, which we refer to as the Central Business District, has witnessed significant net absorption during the past few
years, which has reduced the overall Chicago vacancy rate. Although the overall conditions are not quite as good for office buildings
in the East Loop submarket of Chicago, the Property s specific submarket within the Central Business District, there has
been meaningful net absorption in the East Loop as well. 

It is difficult for management
to predict what will happen to occupancy and rents in the future because the need for space and the price tenants are willing to
pay are tied to both the local economy and to the larger trends in the national economy, such as job growth, interest rates, the
availability of credit and corporate earnings, which in turn are tied to even larger macroeconomic and political factors, such
as recessionary concerns, volatility in energy pricing and the risk of terrorism. In addition to the difficulty of predicting macroeconomic
factors, it is difficult to predict how our local market or tenants (existing and potential) will suffer or benefit from changes
in the larger economy. In addition, because the Property is in a single geographical market, these macroeconomic trends may have
a different effect on the Property and on its tenants (existing and potential), some of which may operate on a national level.
Although we cannot predict how long it will take to lease vacant space at the Property or what the terms and conditions of any
new leases will be, we expect to sign new leases at then-current market rates which may be below the expiring rates. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, we believe that vacancy rates decreased slightly and that rental rates increased slightly for buildings in Chicago s
East Loop office submarket. Our goal continues to be to lease the existing vacant space at the Property to new tenants. 

The potential for any of our tenants
to default on its lease or to seek the protection of bankruptcy laws exists. If any of our tenants defaults on its lease, we may
experience delays in enforcing our rights as a landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment. In addition,
at any time, a tenant may seek the protection of bankruptcy laws, which could result in the rejection and termination of such tenant s
lease and thereby cause a reduction in cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Bankruptcy or a material adverse change
in the financial condition of a material tenant would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Dividends, Future Tenant Improvement
Costs and Leasing Commissions  

Management believes that the Company
will need to be able to quickly access cash in order to fund the potentially significant tenant improvements costs and leasing
commissions that may be required in connection with any changes in the occupancy level and rent roll at the Property. On October
20, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a dividend in the amount of $316 per share of the Preferred Stock, representing operations
from the Property for the three months ended September 30, 2016. We expect a similar level of dividend distributions in future
periods until occupancy levels at the Property more fully recover and we have a better idea of the Property s actual future
capital and leasing needs. We cannot guarantee the future payment of dividends or the amount of any such dividends. 

11   

In light of the amount of vacant
space that needed to be leased at the Property and the potential for significant tenant improvement allowance costs and leasing
commissions, on August 3, 2011, we entered into a mortgage note in favor of John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), which
we refer to as the Lender, to evidence a loan in the original principal amount of $35,000,000 that matures on September 1, 2021,
which we refer to as the Loan. The proceeds of the Loan are being held by the Lender for our benefit in a restricted reserve account
or accounts to be drawn upon by us from time to time for tenant improvement costs and leasing commissions at the Property upon
satisfaction of certain conditions. 

The Loan bears interest at the
fixed rate of 4.83% per annum. We were obligated to make monthly payments of interest only for the initial 60 months of the Loan.
Thereafter, we are obligated to make monthly payments of principal and interest for the remaining 60 months, based on a 25-year
amortization schedule, until the maturity date, when all outstanding amounts become due. Commencing on October 1, 2016, the Loan
became payable in monthly payments of principal and interest in the amount of $201,155. We may prepay the Loan with a prepayment
premium, as defined in the Loan agreement. The Loan is secured, in part, by a mortgage, assignment of leases and rents and security
agreement, which we refer to as the Mortgage, from us in favor of the Lender. The Mortgage constitutes a lien against the Property
and has been recorded in the land records of Cook County, Illinois. Subject to customary exceptions, the Loan is nonrecourse to
the Company. As of September 30, 2016, we had drawn an aggregate of $23,508,000 from the restricted reserve account(s). Interest
expense paid on the Loan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,268,000 for both periods. The documents evidencing
and securing the Loan include restrictions on property liens and requires compliance with various non-financial covenants, which
include the requirement that we provide annual reporting. We were in compliance with the Loan covenants as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015. 

Potential Sale of the Property  

On July 25, 2016, our Board of
Directors made the decision to try to sell the Property. After soliciting interest and input from commercial real estate brokers
familiar with the Property and the local market, we have retained Holliday Fenoglio Fowler, L.P. to facilitate a potential sale
of the Property. We believe that the opportunity to lease the remaining vacant space at the Property, together with an improving
and active Chicago office building investment climate, are combining to create a potentially advantageous sales opportunity for
the holders of the Preferred Stock. 

Any sale of the Property would
be subject to a number of conditions, including a successful marketing of the Property and approval of the sale by our Board of
Directors and a majority of the holders of the Preferred Stock. At this time, we are not able to predict when or if the satisfaction
of any of these conditions will occur. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

We have certain critical accounting
policies that are subject to judgments and estimates by our management and uncertainties of outcome that affect the application
of these policies. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates. In the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different
from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. The accounting policies that
we believe are most critical to the understanding of our financial position and results of operations and that require significant
management estimates and judgments are discussed below. 

Critical accounting policies are
those that have the most impact on the reporting of our financial condition and results of operations and those requiring significant
judgments and estimates. We believe that our judgments and estimates are consistently applied and produce financial information
that fairly presents our results of operations. 

No change to our critical accounting
policies has occurred since the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

12   

Results of Operations   

As of September 30, 2016, the Property
was approximately 67% leased to a diverse group of tenants with staggered lease expirations. Subsequent to September 30, 2016,
we signed a new lease with Tribune Media for approximately 60,592 square feet, bringing the Property to approximately 74% leased. 

Comparison of the three months
ended Septembe r  30, 2016 to the three months September 30, 2015  

Revenue 

Total revenue increased by approximately
$0.6 million to $4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $4.0 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to an increase in overall rental income as a result of increased occupancy. 

Expenses 

Total expenses increased by approximately
$0.4 million to $4.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $4.5 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to a $0.2 million increase in operating expenses, a $0.1 million increase in
real estate taxes and insurance and a $0.1 million increase in depreciation and amortization. 

Comparison of the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 to the nine months ended September 30, 2015  

Revenue 

Total revenue increased by approximately
$1.5 million to $13.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $11.8 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to an increase in overall rental income as a result of increased occupancy. 

Expenses 

Total expenses increased by approximately
$1.2 million to $14.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $13.1 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to a $0.7 million increase in real estate taxes and insurance, a $0.3 million
increase in operating expenses and $0.2 million increase in depreciation and amortization. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Cash and cash equivalents were $24.1
million at September 30, 2016 and $23.8 million at December 31, 2015. The $0.3 million increase for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 was primarily attributable to approximately $1.0 million provided by investing activities and $0.7 million provided by
operating activities, which was offset by $1.4 million used for financing activities. 

Management believes that the existing
cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 of $24.1 million and cash anticipated to be generated internally by operations
will be sufficient to meet working capital requirements, any distributions required for us to maintain our status as a real estate
investment trust and anticipated capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. 

Operating Activities  

The cash provided by
operating activities of $0.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to a net loss
of approximately $1.0 million, an increase in restricted cash of $1.8 million, an
increase in other current accounts of $0.1 million, a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $0.7 million, and
payment of deferred leasing costs of $0.7 million, which was offset by an add-back of $5.0 million of depreciation and amortization. 

Investing Activities  

The cash provided by investing activities
of approximately $1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was attributable to redemptions of restricted investments
of $15.0 million, which was offset by purchases of real estate assets of $3.0 million and net purchases of restricted investments
of $11.0 million. 

13   

Financing Activities  

The cash used for financing activities
of approximately $1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was attributable to dividend payments to holders of
Preferred Stock. 

Sources and Uses of Funds  

The Company s principal
demands on liquidity are cash for operations, interest on debt payments and distributions to equity holders. As of September 30,
2016, we had approximately $4.8 million in accrued liabilities, and $35 million in long-term debt. In the near term, liquidity
is generated by cash from operations. 

Secured Debt  

On August 3, 2011, we entered into
the Loan in favor of the Lender, in the original principal amount of $35,000,000 that matures on September 1, 2021. The proceeds
of the Loan are being held by the Lender for our benefit in a restricted reserve account or accounts to be drawn upon by us from
time to time for tenant improvement costs and leasing commissions at the Property upon satisfaction of certain conditions. The
Loan bears interest at the fixed rate of 4.83% per annum. We were obligated to make monthly payments of interest only for the initial
60 months of the Loan. Thereafter, we are obligated to make monthly payments of principal and interest for the remaining 60 months,
based on a 25-year amortization schedule, until the maturity date, when all outstanding amounts become due. Commencing on October
1, 2016, the Loan became payable in monthly payments of principal and interest in the amount of $201,155. We may prepay the Loan
with a prepayment premium, as defined in the Loan agreement. The Loan is secured, in part, by the Mortgage, from us in favor of
the Lender. The Mortgage constitutes a lien against the Property and has been recorded in the land records of Cook County, Illinois.
Subject to customary exceptions, the Loan is nonrecourse to the Company. As of September 30, 2016, we had drawn an aggregate of
$23,508,000 from the restricted reserve account(s). Interest expense from the Loan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 is $1,268,000 for both periods. 

The documents evidencing and securing
the Loan include restrictions on property liens and require compliance with various non-financial covenants, which include the
requirement that we provide annual reporting. We were in compliance with the Loan covenants as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. 

Contingencies  

We may be subject to various legal
proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although occasional adverse decisions (or settlements)
may occur, we believe that the final disposition of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position
or results of operations. 

Related Party Transactions  

Asset Management Agreement 

We have in the past engaged in
and currently engage in transactions with a related party, Franklin Street, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, FSP Investments
LLC and FSP Property Management LLC, which we collectively refer to as FSP. We expect to continue to have related party transactions
with FSP in the form of management fees paid to FSP to manage the Company on behalf of our stockholders. FSP Property Management
LLC currently provides us with asset management and financial reporting services. The asset management agreement between us and
FSP Property Management LLC requires us to pay FSP Property Management LLC a monthly fee equal to one-half of one percent (.5%)
of the gross revenues of the Property. The asset management agreement between us and FSP Property Management LLC may be terminated
by either party without cause at any time, upon at least thirty (30) days  written notice. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, management fees paid to FSP Property Management LLC were approximately $66,000 and $57,000, respectively. 

14   

Investor Services Agreement 

On August 14, 2012, we entered
into an Investor Services Agreement, which we refer to as the FSPI Agreement, with FSP Investments LLC for the provision of investor
services to holders of our Preferred Stock. FSP Investments LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Franklin Street, which is the sole
holder of our one share of Common Stock that is issued and outstanding. FSP Investments LLC acted as a real estate investment firm
and broker/dealer with respect to (a) our organization, (b) our acquisition of the Property and (c) the sale of our equity interests.
The FSPI Agreement requires us to pay a monthly service fee of $500 for services performed under the FSPI Agreement, and to reimburse
FSP Investments LLC for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the FSPI Agreement. The FSPI Agreement
may be terminated by either party with thirty days written notice or immediately upon certain events of default set forth in the
FSPI Agreement. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, investor services fees paid were approximately $12,000 and
$11,000, respectively. 

Ownership of Preferred Stock and
Common Stock 

On December 27, 2007, Franklin
Street purchased 965.75 shares of Preferred Stock (or approximately 43.7% of the currently issued and outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock) for consideration totaling $82,813,000. Prior to purchasing any shares of Preferred Stock, Franklin Street agreed to vote
any shares of Preferred Stock held by it on any matter presented to the holders of the Preferred Stock in a manner that approximates
as closely as possible the votes cast in favor of and opposed to such matter by the holders of the Preferred Stock other than Franklin
Street and its affiliates. For purposes of determining how Franklin Street votes its shares of Preferred Stock, abstentions and
non-votes by stockholders other than Franklin Street are not considered. Franklin Street is entitled to distributions that are
declared on the Preferred Stock. 

Franklin Street is the sole holder
of the Company s one share of Common Stock that is issued and outstanding. Subsequent to the completion of the private placement
of the Preferred Stock in December 2007, Franklin Street has not been entitled to share in our earnings or any dividend related
to the Common Stock of the Company. 

15   

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4.   Controls
and Procedures.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies
its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that,
as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

No change in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

16   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   Legal Proceedings.  

From time to time, we may be subject
to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although occasional adverse decisions (or settlements)
may occur, we believe that the final disposition of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
cash flows or results of operations. 

Item 1A.   Risk Factors.  

Not applicable. 

Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

None. 

Item 3.   Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.   Other Information.  

None. 

Item 6.   Exhibits.  

See Exhibit Index attached hereto,
which is incorporated herein by reference. 

17   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FSP 303 East wacker drive
corp.  

Date  
      Signature  
      Title   

Date: November
    10, 2016  
        /s/
        George J. Carter   
          George
        J. Carter   
      Chief Executive
    Officer 
    (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November
    10, 2016  
        /s/
        John G. Demeritt   
          John G.
        Demeritt   
      Chief Financial
    Officer 
    (Principal Financial Officer)   

18   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit
    No.   
        Description   

31.1*  
      Certification
    of FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.'s principal executive officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2*  
      Certification
    of FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.'s principal financial officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1*  
      Certification
    of FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.'s principal executive officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
    Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.2*  
      Certification
    of FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp.'s principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
    Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101*  
      The
    following materials from FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
    September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets;
    (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (iv) the Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

*  
      Filed
    herewith.   

19   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1   

   CERTIFICATIONS   

I, George J. Carter, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FSP 303
East Wacker Drive Corp.;    

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have:    

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ George J. Carter  
         George J. Carter 
         Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2   

   CERTIFICATIONS   

I, John G. Demeritt, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FSP 303
East Wacker Drive Corp.;    

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have:    

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 10, 2016  
     
          /s/ John G. Demeritt  
         John G. Demeritt 
         Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q
of FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, George J. Carter, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to his knowledge: 

(1)  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:
    November 10, 2016  
     
          /s/ George J. Carter  
         George J. Carter 
         Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q
of FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, John G. Demeritt, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to his knowledge: 

(1)  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:
    November 10, 2016  
     
          /s/ John G. Demeritt  
         John G. Demeritt 
        Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ewd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ewd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ewd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ewd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ewd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ewd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

