<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161116_10-K_edgar_data_108312_0000108312-16-000038_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31926726</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1012830</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>933101</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10993705</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>11657413</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5090911</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>132</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000108312-16-000038.hdr.sgml : 20161116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161116124305
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000108312-16-000038
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		153
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Woodward, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000108312
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRICAL INDUSTRIAL APPARATUS [3620]
		IRS NUMBER:				361984010
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-08408
		FILM NUMBER:		162001907

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1081 WOODWARD WAY
		CITY:			FORT COLLINS
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80524
		BUSINESS PHONE:		970-482-5811

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1081 WOODWARD WAY
		CITY:			FORT COLLINS
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80524

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WOODWARD GOVERNOR CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000108312-16-000038.txt : 20161116

10-K
 1
 wwd-20160930x10k.htm
 10-K

wwd-20160930 Q4

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission file number   000-08408  

WOODWARD, INC.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  

36-1984010  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

1081 Woodward Way  , Fort Collins, Colorado  

8052  4  

(Address of principal executive offices)  

(Zip Code)  

(970) 482-5811  

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

Title of each class:  

Name of each exchange on which registered:  

Common stock, par value $.001455 per share  

NASDAQ Global Select Market  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  

None  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes        No     

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes        No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes        No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes        No     

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer           Accelerated filer            Non-accelerated filer            Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes          No     

Aggregate market value of registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock on March 31, 201  6   as reported on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on that date:  $  2,321,670,771  .  For purposes of this calculation, shares of common stock held by (i) persons holding more than 5% of the outstanding shares of stock, (ii) officers and directors of the registrant, and (iii) the Woodward Governor Company Profit Sharing Trust, Woodward Governor Company Deferred Shares Trust, or the Woodward Charitable Trust, as of March 31, 201  6  , are excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates.  This determination is not necessarily conclusive of affiliate status.   

Number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of November   14  , 201  6  :    61,625,138  . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of our proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held January   25  , 201  7  , are incorporated by reference into Parts II and III of this Form   10-K, to the extent indicated. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  

PART I  

Forward Looking Statements   
				 
				 2 

Item 1.  

Business   
				 
				 4 

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors   
				 
				 12 

Item 1B.  

Unresolved Staff Comments   
				 
				 24 

Item 2.  

Properties   
				 
				 24 

Item 3.  

Legal Proceedings   
				 
				 24 

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures   
				 
				 24 

PART II  

Item   5  .  

Market Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities   
				 
				 24 

Item 6.  

Select  ed   Financial Data   
				 
				 26 

Item 7.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
				 
				 27 

Item 7A.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk   
				 
				 47 

Item 8.  

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
				 
				 50 

Item 9  .  

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures   
				 
				 102 

Item   9A  .  

Controls and Procedures   
				 
				 102 

Item 9B.  

Other Information   
				 
				 104 

PART III  

Item 1  0  .  

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
				 
				 104 

Item 1  1  .  

Executive Compensation   
				 
				 104 

Item   1  2.  

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters   
				 
				 104 

Item   13  .  

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
				 
				 104 

Item 14.  

Principal Accountant Fees and Services   
				 
				 104 

PART IV  

Item 15.  

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
				 
				 105 

Signatures   
				 
				 109 

1   

PART I 

Forward Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are deemed forward-looking statements.  These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of management.  Words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   seek,   goal,   expect,   forecast,   intend,   continue,   outlook,   plan,   project,   target,   strive,   can,   could,   may,   should,   will,   would,  variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.  In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, and other characteristics of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements may include, among others, statements relating to: 

future sales, earnings, cash flow, uses of cash, and other measures of financial performance;     

descriptions of our plans and expectations for future operations;     

plans and expectations relating to the performance of our joint venture with General Electric Company;     

investments in new campuses, business sites and related business developments;     

the effect of economic trends or growth;     

the expected level of activity in particular industries or markets and the effects of those changes;     

the scope, nature, or impact of acquisition activity and integration of such acquisition into our business;     

the research, development, production, and support of new products and services;     

new business opportunities;     

restructuring and alignment costs and savings;     

our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions with respect to business opportunities that may be available to us;     

our liquidity, including our ability to meet capital spending requirements and operations;     

future repurchases of common stock;     

future levels of indebtedness and capital spending;      

the stability of financial institutions, including those lending to us; and     

pension and other postretirement plan assumptions and future contributions.     

Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including: 

a decline in business with, or financial distress of, our significant customers;     

global economic uncertainty and instability in the financial markets;     

our ability to manage product liability claims, product recalls or other liabilities associated with the products and services that we provide;     

our ability to obtain financing, on acceptable terms or at all, to implement our business plans, complete acquisitions, or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities or respond to business pressures;     

the long sales cycle, customer evaluation process, and implementation period of some of our products and services;     

our ability to implement and realize the intended effects of any restructuring and alignment efforts;     

our ability to successfully manage competitive factors, including prices, promotional incentives, competitor product development, industry consolidation, and commodity and other input cost increases;     

our ability to manage our expenses and product mix while responding to sales increases or decreases;     

the ability of our subcontractors to perform contractual obligations and our suppliers to provide us with materials of sufficient quality or quantity required to meet our production needs at favorable prices or at all;     

our ability to monitor our technological expertise and the success of, and/or costs associated with, our product development activities;     

consolidation in the aerospace market and our participation in a strategic joint venture with General Electric Company may make it more difficult to secure long-term sales in certain aerospace markets;      

our debt obligations, our debt service requirements, and our ability to operate our business, pursue business strategies and incur additional debt in light of covenants contained in our outstanding debt agreements;     

our ability to manage additional tax expense and exposures;     

risks related to our U.S. Government contracting activities, including   liabilities resulting from legal and regulatory proceedings, inquiries, or investigations related to such activities  ;     

the potential of a significant reduction in defense sales due to decreases in the amount of U.S. Federal defense spending or other specific budget cuts impacting defense programs in which we participate;     

changes in government spending patterns, priorities, subsidy programs and/or regulatory requirements;     

2   

future impairment charges resulting from changes in the estimates of fair value of reporting units or of long-lived assets;     

future results of our subsidiaries;     

environmental liabilities related to manufacturing activities and/or real estate acquisitions;     

our continued access to a stable workforce and favorable labor relations with our employees;     

physical and other risks related to our operations and suppliers, including natural disasters, which could disrupt production;     

our ability to successfully manage regulatory, tax, and legal matters (including the adequacy of amounts accrued for contingencies, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and product liability, patent, and intellectual property matters);     

risks related to our common stock, including changes in prices and trading volumes;     

risks from operating internationally, including the impact on reported earnings from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and compliance with and changes in the legal and regulatory environments of the United States and the countries in which we operate;      

risks associated with pol  itical and economic uncertainty in the European Union  ;     

fair value of defined benefit plan assets and assumptions used in determining our retirement pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and related expenses including, among others, discount rates and investment return on pension assets;      

industry risks, including changes in commodity prices for oil, natural gas, and other minerals, unforeseen events that may reduce commercial aviation, and changing emissions standards;     

our operations may be adversely affected by information systems interruptions or intrusions; and      

certain provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law that could discourage or prevent others from acquiring our company.      

These factors are representative of the risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in our forward-looking statements.  Other factors are discussed under   the caption  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (this  Form 10-K ).  We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason. 

Unless we have indicated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references in this Form 10-K to  Woodward,   the Company,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to Woodward, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.   

Except where we have otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, amounts presented in this Form 10-K are in thousands, except per share amounts. 

3   

Item 1.       Business 

General 

Woodward enhances the global quality of life, creating innovative energy control solutions that optimize the performance, efficiency and emissions of our customers  products. We are an independent designer, manufacturer, and service provider of energy control and optimization solutions.  We design, produce and service reliable, efficient, low-emission, and high-performance energy control products for diverse applications in challenging environments.  We have production and assembly facilities in the United States, Europe  ,   Asia and   South America  , and promote our products and services through our worldwide locations.   

Our strategic focus is providing energy control and optimization solutions for the aerospace, industrial and energy markets.  The precise and efficient control of energy, including fluid and electrical energy, combustion, and motion, is a growing requirement in the markets we serve.  Our customers look to us to optimize the efficiency, emissions and operation of power equipment in both commercial and defense operations.  Our core technologies leverage well across our markets and customer applications, enabling us to develop and integrate cost-effective and state-of-the-art fuel, combustion, fluid, actuation and electronic systems.  We focus primarily on serving original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) and equipment packagers, partnering with them to bring superior component and system solutions to their demanding applications.  We also provide aftermarket repair, replacement and other service support for our installed products.  

Our components and integrated systems optimize performance of commercial aircraft, defense aircraft, ground vehicles and other equipment, gas and steam turbines, wind turbines, including converters and power grid related equipment, industrial diesel, gas, alternative and dual fuel reciprocating engines, and electrical power systems.  Our innovative fluid energy, combustion control, electrical energy, and motion control systems help our customers offer more cost-effective, cleaner, and more reliable equipment.   

Woodward was established in 1870, incorporated in 1902, and is headquartered in Fort Collins, Colorado.  The mailing address of our world headquarters is   1081 Woodward Way, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524  .  Our telephone number at that location is (970) 482-5811, and our website is   www.woodward.com  .  None of the information contained on our website is incorporated into this document by reference.  

Markets and Principal Lines of Business 

We serve the aerospace, industrial and energy markets through our two reportable segments   Aerospace and   Industrial  .    In the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, we changed the name of our Energy segment to Industrial.  The term  energy  is largely viewed as  oil and gas  and therefore was not representative of the broader markets we serve in this segment.    Our customers require technological solutions to meet their needs for performance, efficiency, and reliability, and to reduce their costs of operation. 

Within the aerospace market, we provide systems, components and solutions for both commercial and defense applications.  Our key focus areas within this market are: 

Propulsion and combustion control solutions for turbine powered aircrafts; and     

Fluid and motion control solutions for critical aerospace and defense applications.     

Within the industrial and energy markets, our key focus areas are: 

Applications and control solutions for machines that produce electricity utilizing conventional or renewable energy sources; and     

Fluid, motion, and combustion control solutions for complex oil and gas, industrial, and transportation applications.     

Additional information about our operations in fiscal year 201  6   and outlook for the future, including certain segment information, is included in  Item 7   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   Additional information about our business segments and certain geographical information is included in Note 20,   Segment information   and Note 21,   Supplemental quarterly financial data (Unaudited)  , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in  Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   

Products, Services and Applications 

Aerospace  

Our Aerospace segment designs, manufactures and services systems and products for the management of fuel, air, combustion and motion control.  These products include main fuel pumps, metering units, actuators, air valves, specialty valves, fuel nozzles, and thrust reverser actuation systems for turbine engines and nacelles, as well as flight deck controls,  

4   

actuators, servocontrols, motors and sensors for aircraft.  These products are used on commercial and private aircrafts and helicopters, as well as in military fixed-wing aircraft and rotorcraft, weapons and defense systems.  

We have significant content on a wide variety of commercial aircraft, rotorcraft and business jet platforms, including the Airbus A320, Boeing 737 and 787, Bell 429 and Gulfstream G650.  We also have significant content on defense applications   such   as the Blackhawk and Apache helicopters, F-18 and F-35 fighter jets, and guided tactical weapons (for example, the Joint Direct Attack Munition ( JDAM )). 

Revenues from the Aerospace segment are generated by sales to OEMs, tier-one suppliers, and prime contractors, and through aftermarket sales of components, such as provisioning spares or replacements  , and spare parts  .  We also provide aftermarket repair, overhaul and other services to commercial airlines, turbine OEM repair facilities, military depots, third party repair shops, and other end users.   

Industrial 

Our Industrial   segment designs, produces and services systems and products for the management of fuel, air, fluids, gases, electricity, motion, and combustion.  These products include actuators, valves, pumps, injectors, solenoids, ignition systems, speed controls, electronics and software, power converters, and devices that measure, communicate and protect electrical distribution systems.  Our products are used on industrial gas turbines (including heavy frame and aeroderivative turbines), steam turbines, reciprocating engines, electric power generation and power distribution systems, wind turbines, and compressors.  The equipment on which our products are found is used to extract and distribute fossil and renewable fuels;   in the mining of other commodities; to   generate and distribute power; and   to   convert fuel to work in marine, mobile, and industrial equipment applications.   

Revenues from our Industrial   segment are generated primarily by sales to OEMs and by providing aftermarket products and other related services t  o our OEM customers.  Our Industrial   segment also sells products through an independent network of distributors and, in some cases, directly to end users. 

Customers  

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 201  6  , approximately   42  % of our consolidated net sales were made to our five largest customers.  Sales to our five largest customers represented approximately   40  % of our consolidated net sales for   the   fiscal year   ended September 30, 2015   and     approximately   39  % of our consolidated net sales for   the   fiscal year   ended   September 30, 201  4  .   

Sales to our largest customer, General Electric  , accounted for approximately   17  % of our consolidated net sales in the fiscal year ended September 30, 201  6, 18% of our consolidated net sales in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015,   and 15% of our consolidated net sales in   the   fiscal year ended September 30, 2014.  Our accounts receivable from   General Electric   represented approximately   14  % of total accounts receivable as of September 30, 201  6   and   15  % as of September 30, 201  5  .    During fiscal year 2016 we entered into a strategic joint venture ( JV ) with General Electric Company ( GE ), acting through its GE Aviation business unit.  The JV sells fuel systems for GE s large engine programs.  Fuel systems for GE large engine programs that we previously sold directly to GE are now sold to the JV, which in turn sells them to   GE.  No   other customer represented greater than 10% of our total accounts receivable.  We believe   General Electric   and our other significant customers are creditworthy and will be able to satisfy their credit obligations to us.  

The following customers account for approximately 10% or more of sales to each of our reporting segments for the fiscal year ended September 30, 201  6  . 

Customer  

Aerospace  

Boeing, United Technologies  

Industrial  

General Electric  

Competitive Environment 

Our products and product support services are sold worldwide into a variety of markets.  In all markets, we compete on the basis of differentiated technology and design, product performance and conformity with customer specifications.  Additional factors are customer service and support, including on-time delivery and customer partnering, product quality, price, reputation and local presence.  Both of our segments operate in uniquely competitive environments. 

We believe that new competitors face significant barriers to entry into many of our markets, including various government mandated certification requirements to compete in the aerospace markets in which we participate. 

Aerospace   industry safety regulations and manufacturing standards demand significant product certification requirements, which form a basis for competition as well as a barrier to entry.  Technological innovation and design, product performance and conformity with customer specifications, and product quality and reliability are of utmost importance in the aerospace and  

5   

defense industry.  In addition, on-time delivery, pricing, and joint development capabilities with customers are points of competition within this market.  

Our customers include airframe and aircraft engine OEM manufacturers and suppliers to these manufacturers.  We supply these customers with technologically innovative system and component solutions and align our technology roadmaps with our customers.  We focus on responding to needs for reduced cost and weight, emission control and reliability improvements.  

We compete with numerous companies around the world that specialize in fuel and air management, combustion, electronic control, aircraft motion control, flight deck control, and thrust reverser products.  Our competitors in aerospace include divisions of Eaton, Honeywell, Moog, and Parker Hannifin, and United Technologies Corporation Aerospace Systems ( UTC Aerospace Systems ) and its subsidiaries.  In addition, some of our OEM customers are capable of developing and manufacturing similar products internally.  Several competitors are also customers for our products, such as Honeywell, Parker Hannifin, and UTC Aerospace Systems. 

Our products achieve high levels of field reliability, which offers end users an advantage in life-cycle cost.  We address competition in aftermarket service through responsiveness to our customers  needs, providing short turnaround times, greater performance such as longer time between repairs, and maintaining a global presence.  

Some of our customers are affiliated with our competitors through ownership or joint venture agreements.  We compete in part by establishing relationships with our customers  engineering organizations, and by offering innovative technical and commercial solutions to meet their market requirements.  As discussed above, during fiscal year 2016 we entered into a strategic joint venture with GE, acting through its GE Aviation business unit.  The JV sells fuel systems for GE s large engine programs.  

Industrial     operates in the global markets for industrial turbines, industrial reciprocating engines, electric power generation systems, power distribution networks, and wind turbines. 

We compete with numerous companies that specialize in various engine, turbine, and power management products, and our OEM customers are often capable of developing and manufacturing   similiar   products internally.  Many of our customers are large global OEMs that require suppliers to support them around the world and to meet increasingly higher requirements in terms of safety, quality, delivery, reliability and cost.  

Competitors include ABB,   Emerson,   Heinzmann     GmbH   Co., Hoerbiger,   Invensys,   L Orange GmbH,   Meggi  t  t,   Robert Bosch AG, and Schweitzer Electric.  OEM customers with internal capabilities for similar products include Caterpillar,     Cummins  ,   General Electric, Siemens and     Wartsila. 

We believe we are a market leader in providing our customers advanced technology and superior product performance at a competitive price.  We focus on developing and maintaining close relationships with our OEM customers  engineering teams.  Competitive success is based on the development of innovative components and systems that are aligned with the OEMs  techno  logy roadmaps to achieve future reliability,   emission, efficiency, and fuel flexibility targets. 

Government Contracts and Regulation 

Portions of our business, particularly in our Aerospace segment, are heavily regulated.  We contract with numerous U.S. Government agencies and entities, including all of the branches of the U.S. military, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ), and the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, and Transportation.  We also contract with similar government authorities outside the United States. 

The U.S. Government, and   potentially   other governments, may terminate any of our government contracts, or any government contracts under which we are a subcontractor, at their convenience, as well as for default based on specified performance measurements.  If any of our   U.S.   government contracts were to be terminated for convenience, we generally would be entitled to receive payment for work completed and allowable termination or cancellation costs.  If any of our   U.S.   government contracts were to be terminated for our default, the U.S. Government generally would pay only for the work accepted, and could require us to pay the difference between the original contract price and the cost to re-procure the contract items, net of the work accepted from the original contract.  The U.S. Government could also hold us liable for damages resulting from the default. 

We must comply with, and are affected by, laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts.  These laws and regulations, among other things: 

require accurate, complete and current disclosure and certification of cost and pricing data in connection with certain contracts;      

impose specific and unique cost accounting practices that may differ from accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ), and therefore require   robust systems to reconcile  ;     

impose regulations that define allowable and unallowable costs and otherwise govern our right to reimbursement under certain cost-based U.S. Government contracts;      

6   

impose manufacturing specifications and other quality standards that may be more restrictive than for non-government business activities; and     

restrict the use and dissemination of information classified for national security purposes due to the regulations of the U.S. Government and foreign governments pertaining to the export of certain products and technical data.     

Sales made directly to U.S. Government agencies and entities, or indirectly through third party manufacturers utilizing Woodward parts and subassemblies, collectively represented   21  % of our sales for fiscal year 201  6  , 1  8  % of our sales for fiscal year 201  5  , and   17  % of our sales for fiscal year 201  4  .  The level of U.S. spending for defense, alternative energy and other programs, and the mix of programs to which such funding is allocated, is subject to periodic congressional appropriation actions, and is subject to change, including elimination, at any time.  

U.S. Government related sales from our reporting segments for fiscal years 201  6  , 201  5   and 201  4   were as follows: 

Seasonality 

We do not believe our sales, in total or in either business segment, are subject to significant seasonal variation.  However, our sales have generally been lower in the first quarter of our fiscal year as compared to the immediately preceding quarter due to fewer working days resulting from the observance of various holidays and scheduled plant shutdowns for annual maintenance.  

Sales Order Backlog 

Our backlog of unshipped sales orders by segment as of October 31, 201  6   and 201  5   was as follows: 

Our current estimate of the sales order backlog is based on unshipped sales orders that are open in our order entry systems.  Unshipped orders are not necessarily an indicator of future sales levels because of variations in lead times and customer production schedules.  

Manufacturing 

We operate manufacturing and assembly plants in the United States, Europe, Asia and South America.  Our products consist of mechanical, electronic and electromechanical systems and components.  

Aluminum, iron and steel are primary raw materials used to produce our mechanical components.  Other commodities, such as gold, copper and nickel, are also used in the manufacture of our products, although in much smaller quantities.    We  

7   

purchase various goods, including component parts and services used in production, logistics and product development processes from third parties.    Generally there are numerous sources for the raw materials and components used in our products, which we believe are sufficiently available to meet current requirements. 

We maintain global strategic sourcing models to meet our global facilities' production needs while building long-term supplier relationships and efficiently managing our overall supply costs.  We expect our suppliers to maintain adequate levels of quality raw materials and component parts, and to deliver such parts on a timely basis to support production of our various products.  We use a variety of agreements with suppliers intended to protect our intellectual property and processes and to monitor and mitigate risks of disruption in our supply base that could cause a business disruption to our production schedules or to our customers.  The risks monitored include supplier financial viability, business continuity, quality, delivery and protection of our intellectual property and processes. 

Our customers expect us to maintain adequate levels of certain finished goods and certain component parts to support our warranty commitments and sales to our aftermarket customers, and to deliver such parts on a timely basis to support our customers  standard and customary needs.  We carry certain finished goods and component parts in inventory to meet these rapid delivery requirements of our customers.  

The Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) adopted disclosure rules for companies that use tantalum, tin, tungsten, and gold or their derivatives (collectively referred to as  conflict minerals ) in their products, with substantial supply chain verification requirements in the event the conflict minerals come or may come from the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries.  The European Union is considering the imposition of similar reporting obligations.  Our conflict minerals report   for calendar year 2015   was filed with the SEC on   May 31, 2016  .  We may face reputational challenges with our customers, stockholders and other stakeholders if we use and/or are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of the conflict minerals used in our products.  Further, due to the complexity of our supply chain, the implementation of the existing U.S. requirements and any additional European requirements could affect the sourcing and availability of metals used in the manufacture of a number of parts contained in our products.  Regardless, we have and will continue to incur costs associated with compliance, including time-consuming and costly efforts to determine the source of conflict minerals that may be used in our products. 

Research and Development 

We finance our research and development activities with our own independent research and development funds.  Our research and development costs include basic research, applied research, component and systems development, and other concept formulation studies.   

Company   funded   expenditures related to new product development activities are expensed as incurred and are separately reported in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.    Across both of our   segments, research and development costs totaled $  126,170   in fiscal year 201  6  , $  134,485   in fiscal year 201  5  , and $13  8,005   in fiscal year 201  4  .  Research and development costs were   6.2  % of consolidated net sales in fiscal year 201  6   compared to 6.  6  % in fiscal year 201  5   and 6.  9  % in fiscal year 201  4  .  See  Research and development costs  in Note 1, Operations and summary of significant accounting policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in  Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   

Aerospace   is focused on developing systems and components that we believe will be instrumental in helping our customers achieve their objectives of lower fuel consumption, lighter weight, more efficient performance, reduced emissions, and improved operating economics.  Our development efforts support technology for a wide range of: 

aerospace turbine   engine   applications, which include commercial, business and military turbofan engines of various thrust classes, turboshaft engines and turboprop engines;     

electromechanical and hydraulic actuation systems for flight deck-to-flight surface control of fixed-wing aircraft and rotorcraft, and turbine engine nacelles, as well as guidance for weapon systems; and      

motion control components for integration into comprehensive actuation systems.     

The aerospace industry is moving toward more electric ( fly-by-wire ), lighter weight aircraft, while demanding increased reliability and redundancy.  In response, we are developing an expanded family of intelligent flight deck control products (including throttle and rudder controls) with both conventional and fly-by-wire technology, as well as motor driven actuation systems. 

We collaborate closely with our customers as they develop their technology plans, which leads to new product concepts.  We believe this collaboration allows us to develop technology that is aligned with our customers  needs and therefore, increases the likelihood that our systems and components will be selected for inclusion in the platforms developed by our customers.  Further, we believe our close collaboration with our customers during preliminary design stages allows us to provide products that deliver the component and system performance necessary for our customers  products.   

Most   technology development programs begin years before an expected entry to service, such as those for the next     generation of commercial aircraft engines.  Other development programs result in nearer-term product launches associated with  

8   

new OEM offerings, product upgrades, or product replacements on existing programs.  Some of the major projects/programs we are developing are listed below. 

We develop  ed   the fuel system, air management, and actuation hardware for CFM International s LEAP engine program, and actuation system, combustion system and oil system components for Pratt   Whitney s PurePower engine program.  These programs target applications in the single aisle and regional aircraft markets with expected entry into service in the 201  6   to 2018 timeframe.  Both the LEAP engine and the PurePower engine have been selected by Airbus as options to power its A320neo aircraft  , which entered service in 2016  .  In addition, the LEAP engine has been selected exclusively by Boeing for its 737 MAX and by Comac for its C919 aircraft.  The PurePower engine has been selected exclusively by Bombardier for its CSeries aircraft,   which also entered service in 2016,   by Embraer for its EJets E2 aircraft family, and by Irkut for the MS-21 aircraft.   

During fiscal year 2016 we entered into a JV with GE, acting through its GE Aviation business unit.  The JV sells fuel systems for GE s large engine programs.  The JV is developing the fuel system for the GE9X engine (which will power the Boeing 777X).  We have been selected as the JV s supplier of this fuel system. 

We are the selected supplier for the thrust reverser actuation system ( TRAS ) for the Boeing 737 MAX and the CFM LEAP-engined Airbus A320neo.    W  e    are developing   TRAS programs for the Boein  g 777X and the Airbus A330neo.    The A330neo is scheduled to enter service in 2018, and the 777X in 2020. 

We are currently developing the fuel system, air management, and actuation hardware for the Passport engine program, as well as TRAS for the integrated propulsion system.  Passport is the next generation GE Aviation engine for the large business aviation market, and has been selected by Bombardier to power its Global 7000 and 8000 long-range business aircraft, expected to enter into service in 2018 and 2019, respectively. 

In addition, we develop  ed   sensor solutions for the Airbus A350 high lift system, an actuation sub-system for the Boeing 787-9 that improves fuel burn, flight deck components for the Bombardier CSeries and control and sensing solutions for the   Boeing   KC-46A refueling tanker boom subsystem.    We are currently developing flight deck components for the Bombardier Global 7000 and 8000 aircraft. 

Industrial     is focused on developing improved technologies, including integrated control systems and system components, that will enable our OEM customers to cost-effectively meet mandated emissions regulations and fuel efficiency demands, allow for usage of a wider range of fuel sources, increase reliability, reduce total cost of ownership, support global infrastructure growth, and safely distribute power on the electrical grid.   

Our efforts include research and development of technologies and products that improve combustion processes and provide   the   more precise flow of various fuels and gases in our customers  gas turbines and industrial reciprocating engines.  We also develop electronic devices and software that provide improved control and protection of reciprocating engines, gas turbines, steam turbines, wind turbines, and engine- and turbine-powered equipment.  Major development projects include   high pressure   common rail diesel fuel injection systems, comprehensive gas engine control systems, fuel flow control valves and actuators, and various other technologies.  Our technologies help our OEM customers  engines, turbines, power generation, power distribution, compressor and other powered equipment operate more efficiently and more reliably.   

Employees 

As of October 31, 201  6  , we employed     approximately   6,800   full-time employees of which approximately   1,700   were located outside of the United States.    We believe that our relationships with our employees are good. 

Approximately   17  % of our total full-time workforce were union employees as of October 31, 201  6  , all of whom work for our Aerospace segment   and are located in the United States  .  The collective bargaining agreements with our union employees are generally renewed through contract renegotiation near the contract expiration dates.  The MPC Employees Representative Union contract, which covers   483   employees as of October 31, 201  6  , expires September 30, 2017.  The Local Lodge 727-N International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers agreement, which covers   416   employees as of October 31, 201  6  , expires April 21, 2017.  The International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America and Local No. 509 agreement, which covers   223   employees as of October 31, 201  6  , expires June 3, 2017.  We believe   that   our relationships with our union employees and the representative unions are good. 

Almost all   of our other employees in the United States were at-will employees as of October 31, 201  6  , and therefore, not subject to any type of employment contract or agreement.  Our executive officers each have change-in-control agreements which have been filed with the SEC. 

Outside of the United States, we enter into employment contracts and agreements in those countries in which such relationships are mandatory or customary.  The provisions of these agreements correspond in each case with the required or customary terms in the subject jurisdiction. 

9   

Patents,   Intellectual   Property, and Licensing 

We own numerous patents     and have licenses for the use of patents owned by others, which relate to our products and their manufacture.  In addition to owning a large portfolio of intellectual property, we also license intellectual property to and from third parties.  For example, the U.S. Government has certain rights in our patents and other intellectual property developed in performance of certain government contracts, and it may use or authorize others to use the inventions covered by such patents for government purposes as allowed by law.   

Some of our intellectual property is not covered by patents (or patent applications) and includes trade secrets and other   technological   know-how that is not patentable or for which we have elected not to seek patent protection, including intellectual property relating to our manufacturing processes and engineering designs.  Such unpatented technology, including research, development and engineering technical skills and know-how, as well as unpatented software, is important to our overall business and to the operations of each of our segments.   

While our intellectual property assets taken together are important, we do not believe our business or either of our segments would be materially affected by the expiration of any particular intellectual property right or termination of any particular intellectual property patent license agreement.  

As of September 30, 201  6  , our Consolidated Balance Sheet includes $  197,650   of net intangible assets.  This value represents the carrying values, net of amortization, of certain assets acquired in various business acquisitions and does not purport to represent the fair value of our intellectual property as of September 30, 201  6  .   

U.S. GAAP requires that research and development costs be expensed as incurred; therefore, as we develop new intellectual property in the normal course of business, the costs of developing such assets are expensed as incurred, with no corresponding intangible asset recorded.  

Environmental   Matters and Climate Change 

The Company is regulated by federal, state and international environmental laws governing our use, transport and disposal of substances and control of emissions.  Compliance with these existing laws has not had a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings or global competitive position. 

We use hazardous materials and/or regulated materials in our manufacturing operations.  We also own, operate, and may acquire facilities that were formerly owned and operated by others that used such materials.  We believe that the risk that a significant release of regulated materials has occurred in the past or will occur in the future cannot be completely eliminated or prevented.  We are engaged in environmental remedial activities, generally in coordination with other companies, pursuant to federal and state laws.    In addition, we may be exposed to other environmental costs including participation in superfund sites or other similar jurisdictional initiatives.    When it is reasonably probable we will pay remediation costs at a site, and those costs can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for such future costs with a related charge against our earnings.  In formulating that estimate and recognizing those costs, we do not consider amounts expected to be recovered from insurance companies, or others, until such recovery is assured.  Our accrued liability for environmental remediation costs is not significant and is included in the line item  Accrued liabilities  in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in  Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  

We generally cannot reasonably estimate costs at sites in the early stages of remediation.  Currently, we have   one   site undergoing remediation  .  T  here is no more than a remote chance that remediation costs at any individual site, or at all sites in the aggregate, will be material. 

Our manufacturing facilities generally do not produce significant volumes or quantities of byproducts, including greenhouse gases, that would be considered hazardous waste or otherwise harmful to the environment.  We do not expect legislation currently pending or expected in the next several years to have a significant negative impact on our operations in any of our segments.  

Domestic and foreign legislative initiatives on emissions control, renewable energy, and climate change tend to favorably impact the sale of our energy control products.  For example, our   Industrial   segment produces inverters for wind turbines and energy control products that help our customers maximize engine efficiency and minimize wasteful emissions, including greenhouse gases.  

Executive Officers of the Registrant 

Information about our executive officers is provided below.  There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers listed below. 

Thomas A. Gendron,   Age 55. Chairman of the Board since January 2008; Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director since July 2005; Chief Operating Officer and President September 2002 through June 2005; Vice President and General Manager of Industrial Controls June 2001 through September 2002; Vice President of Industrial Controls April 2000 through May 2001; Director of Global Marketing and Industrial Controls  Business Development February 1999 through March 2000.  

10   

Robert F. Weber, Jr.,   Age 62.  Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since September 2011, and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since August     2005.  Prior to August 2005, Mr. Weber was employed at Motorola, Inc. for 17 years, where he held various positions, including Corporate Vice President and General Manager - EMEA Auto.  Prior to this role, Mr. Weber served in a variety of financial positions at both a corporate and operating unit level with Motorola.  

Martin V. Glass  , Age 59.  President, Airframe Systems since April 2011; President, Turbine Systems October 2009 through April 2011; Group Vice President, Turbine Systems September 2007 through September 2009; Vice President of the Aircraft Engine Systems Customer Business Segment December 2002 through August 2007; Director of Sales, Marketing, and Engineering February 2000 through December 2002. 

Sagar Patel,   Age 50.  President, Aircraft Turbine Systems since June 2011.  Prior to this role, Mr. Patel was employed at General Electric for 18 years, most recently serving as President, Mechanical Systems, GE Aviation, from March 2009 through June 2010.  He served as President, Aerostructures, GE Aviation from July 2008 through July 2009 and as President and General Manager, MRS Systems, Inc., GE Aircraft Engines, from October 2005 through June 2008.   

Chad R. Preiss  , Age 51.    President, Industrial Systems since November 2016,   President, Engine Systems October 2009   through November 2016  ; Group Vice President, Engine Systems October 2008 through September 2009; Vice President, Sales, Service, and Marketing, Engine Systems December 2007 through September 2008; and Vice President, Industrial Controls September 2004 through December 2007.  Prior to this role, Mr. Preiss served in a variety of engineering and marketing/sales management roles, including Director of Business Development, since joining Woodward in 1988.   

A. Christopher Fawzy,   Age 47.  Corporate Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer since October 2009; Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary June 2007 through September 2009.  Mr. Fawzy became the Company s Chief Compliance Officer in August 2009.  Prior to joining Woodward, Mr. Fawzy was employed by Mentor Corporation, a global medical device company.  He joined Mentor in 2001 and served as Corporate Counsel, then   was promoted to   General Counsel in 2003, and was appointed Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in 2004.  

Other Corporate Officers of the Registrant 

Information about our other corporate officers is provided below. There are no family relationships between any of the corporate officers listed below or between any of the corporate officers listed below and the aforementioned executive officers. 

James D. Rudolph  , Age 55.    Corporate Vice President since November 2016,   President, Industrial Turbomachinery Systems April 2011   through November 2016  ; Corporate Vice President, Global Sourcing O  ctober 2009 through April 2011;   Vice President, Global Sourcing A  pril 2009 through October 2009;   Director of Global Sourcing April 2005 through April 2009; Director of Engineering for Industrial Controls March 2000 through April 2005.  Prior to March 2000, Mr. Rudolph served in a variety of engineering, operations and sales roles since joining Woodward in 1984. 

Steven J. Meyer  , Age 56. Corporate Vice President, Human Resources since October 2009; Vice President, Human Resources November 2006 through September 2009;  Director, Global Human Resources November 2002 through October 2006;  Director, Human Resources for Industrial Controls July 1997 through October 2002.  Prior to joining Woodward, Mr. Meyer was employed by PG E Corporation and Nortel in a variety of roles in human resources. 

Matthew F. Taylor,   Age 54. Corporate Vice President, Supply Chain since February 2011; Vice President, Engine Fluid Systems and Controls Center of Excellence ( CoE ) October 2009 through February 2011; General Manager, Fluid Systems and Controls CoE December 2006 through October 2009; Director of Operations, Fluid Systems and Controls June 2005 through December 2006.  Prior to joining Woodward in June 2005, Mr. Taylor was the Vice President and General Manager, Warner Electric and served in a variety of general management roles at Eaton Corporation from February 1998 through August 2003. 

Matt R. Cook,   Age 45. Corporate Vice President, Information Technology since January 2014; Director, Global Business Systems July 2012 through January 2014.  Prior to joining Woodward, Mr. Cook was employed by Satcon Corporation as Vice President, Global Information Technology.  Prior to Satcon, Mr. Cook served in a variety of senior roles in information technology and business development. 

Information available on Woodward s Website and Social Media 

Through a link on the Investor Information section of our website,   www.woodward.com  , we make available, free of charge, the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed or furnished to the SEC: our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings.  The address of the site is www.sec.gov.  Further, a copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is located at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549.  Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.  We provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings,  

11   

investor events, press and earnings releases as part of our investor relations website.  We have used, and intend to continue to use, our investor relations website, as well as the following as of the date of this filing, as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with the disclosure obligations under Regulation FD: 

Twitter: @woodward_inc     

Facebook: Facebook.com/woodwardinc     

LinkedIn: Linkedin.com/company/woodward     

Google Plus: +WoodwardInc     

YouTube: YouTube.com/user/woodwardinc     

Goldenline (Poland): http://www.goldenline.pl/firma/woodward     

XING (Germany): https://www.xing.com/companies/woodwardinc.     

None of the information contained on our website, or the above  -  mentioned social media sites  ,   is incorporated into this document by reference.  

Stockholders may obtain, without charge, a single copy of Woodward s 201  6   Annual Report on Form 10-K upon written request to the Corporate Secretary, Woodward, Inc.,   1081 Woodward Way  , Fort Collins, Colorado 8052  4  . 

Item 1A.      Risk Factors 

Investment in our securities involves risk.  An investor or potential investor should consider the risks summarized in this section when making investment decisions regarding our securities. 

Important factors that could individually, or together with one or more other factors, affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Company Risks  

A decline in business with, or financial distress of, our significant customers could decrease our consolidated net sales or impair our ability to collect amounts due and payable and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.   

We have fewer customers than many companies     with similar sales volumes.  For the fiscal year ended September 30, 201  6  , approximately   42  % of our consolidated net sales were made to our five largest customers.  Sales to our five largest customers for   the   fiscal year ended September 30, 201  5   represented approximately   40  % of our consolidated net sales.  Sales to our largest customer, General Electric, accounted for approximately   17  % of our consolidated net sales in the fiscal year ended September 30, 201  6,    1  8  % in   the   fiscal year ended September 30, 201  5   and   15% in the fiscal year ended   September 30, 201  4  .  Accounts receivable from General   Electric   represented approximately   14  % of accounts receiva  ble at September 30, 2016 and 15  % at September 30, 201  5  .  Sales to our next largest customer accounted for approximately   8  %    of our consolidated net sales in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 and 7%     in   each of the fiscal   years ended September 30, 2015 and   September 30, 2014  .    If any of our significant customers were to change suppliers, in-source production, institute significant restructuring or cost-cutting measures, or experience financial distress, these significant customers may substantially reduce, or otherwise be unable to pay for, purchases from us.  Accordingly, our consolidated net sales could decrease significantly or we may experience difficulty collecting  ,   or be unable to collect  ,   amounts due and payable, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Instability in the financial markets and global economic uncertainty could have a material adverse effect on the ability of our customers to perform their obligations to us and on their demand for our products and services. 

Over the last six to eight   years, there has been widespread concern over the instability in the financial markets and their influence on the global economy.  As a result of the extreme volatility in the credit and capital markets and global economic uncertainty, our current or potential customers may experience cash flow problems and, as a result, may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products.  Additionally, if our customers face financial distress or are unable to secure necessary financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable that are owed to us.  Any inability of current or potential customers to pay us for our products may adversely affect our earnings and cash flows.   

In addition, the general economic environment significantly affects demand for our products and services.  Periods of slowing economic activity  ,    for example the global industrial recession currently impacting many of our markets,   may cause global or regional slowdowns in spending on infrastructure development in the markets in which we operate, and customers may reduce their purchases of our products and services.   

There can be no assurance that any market and economic uncertainty in the United States or internationally would not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.  

12   

Our profitability may suffer if we are unable to manage our expenses due to sales increases, sales decreases, or impacts of capital expansion projects, or if we experience change in product mix. 

Some of our expenses are relatively fixed in relation to changes in sales volume and are difficult to adjust in the short term.  Expenses driven by business activity other than sales level and other long-term expenditures, such as fixed manufacturing overhead, capital expenditures and research and development costs, may be difficult to reduce in a timely manner in response to a reduction in sales.  Expenses such as depreciation or amortization, which are the result of past capital expenditures or business acquisitions, are generally fixed regardless of sales levels.  In addition, the achievement of manufacturing efficiencies associated with capital expansion projects may not meet management s current expectations.  Due to our long sales cycle, in periods of sales increases it may be difficult to rapidly increase our production of finished goods, particularly if such sales increases are unanticipated.  An increase in the production of our finished goods requires increases in both the purchases of raw materials and components and in the size of our workforce.  If a sudden, unanticipated need for raw materials, components and labor arises in order to meet unexpected sales demand, we could experience difficulties in sourcing raw materials, components and labor at a favorable cost or to meet our production needs.  These factors could result in delays in fulfilling customer sales contracts, damage to our reputation and relationships with our customers, an inability to meet the demands of the markets that we serve, which in turn could prevent us from taking advantage of business opportunities or responding to competitive pressures, and result in an increase in variable and fixed costs leading to a decrease in net earnings or even net losses.  In addition, we sell products that have varying profit margins, and increases or decreases in sales of our various products may change the mix of products that we sell during any period.  Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.  

The long sales cycle, customer evaluation process and implementation period of our products and services may increase the costs of obtaining orders and reduce the predictability of sales cycles and our inventory requirements. 

Our products and services are technologically complex.  Prospective customers generally must commit significant resources to test and evaluate our products and to install and integrate them into larger systems.  Orders expected in one quarter may shift to another quarter or be cancelled with little advance notice as a result of customers  budgetary constraints, internal acceptance reviews and other factors affecting the timing of customers  purchase decisions.  In addition, customers often require a significant number of product presentations and demonstrations before reaching a sufficient level of confidence in the product s performance and compatibility with the approvals that typically accompany capital expenditure approval processes.  The difficulty in forecasting demand increases the challenge in anticipating sales cycles and our inventory requirements, which may cause us to over-produce finished goods and could result in inventory write-offs, or could cause us to under-produce finished goods.  Any such over-production or under-production could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Our product development activities may not be successful, may be more costly than currently anticipated, or we may not be able to produce newly developed products at a cost that meets the anticipated product cost structure. 

Our business involves a significant level of product development activities, generally in connection with our customers  development activities.  Industry standards, customer expectations, or other products may emerge that could render one or more of our products or services less desirable or obsolete.  Maintaining our market position requires continued investment in research and development.  During an economic downturn or a subsequent recovery, we may need to maintain our investment in research and development, which may limit our ability to reduce these expenses in proportion to a sales shortfall.  In addition, increased investments in research and development may divert resources from other potential investments in our business, such as acquisitions or investments in our facilities, processes and operations.  If these activities are not as successful as currently anticipated, are not completed on a timely basis, or are more costly than currently anticipated, or if we are not able to produce newly developed products at a cost that meets the anticipated product cost structure, then our future sales, margins and/or earnings could be lower than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Our business may be adversely affected by government contracting risks. 

Sales made directly to U.S. Government agencies and entities were   5  % of total net sales during fiscal year 201  6  ,    5  % during fiscal year 201  5  , and   4  % during fiscal year 201  4  , primarily in the aerospace market.  Sales made directly to U.S. Government agencies and entities, or indirectly through third party manufacturers, such as tier-one prime contractors, utilizing Woodward parts and subassemblies, accounted for approximately   21  % of total sales in fiscal year 201  6  , 1  8  % in fiscal year 201  5  , and   17  % in fiscal year 201  4  .  Our contracts with the U.S. Government are subject to certain unique risks, including the risks set forth below, some of which are beyond our control, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.   

The level of U.S. defense spending is subject to periodic congressional appropriation actions     and is subject to change at any time.  The mix of programs to which such funding is allocated is also uncertain, and we can provide no assurance that an increase in defense spending will be allocated to programs that would benefit our business.  If the amount of spending were to decrease, or there were a shift from certain aerospace and defense programs on which we  

13   

have content to other programs on which we do not, our sales could decrease.  In addition, one or more of the aerospace or defense programs that we currently support could be phased-out or terminated.  Any such reductions in U.S. Government needs under these existing aerospace and defense programs, unless offset by other aerospace and defense programs and opportunities, could have a material adverse effect on our sales.      

Our U.S. Government contracts and the U.S. Government contracts of our customers are subject to modification, curtailment or termination by the government, either for the convenience of the government or for default as a result of a failure by us or our customers to perform under the applicable contract.  If any of our contracts are terminated by the U.S. Government, our backlog would be reduced, in accordance with contract terms, by the expected value of the remaining work under such contracts.  In addition, we are not the prime contractor on most of our contracts for supply to the U.S. Government, and the U.S. Government could terminate a prime contract under which we are a subcontractor, irrespective of the quality of our products and services as a subcontractor.     

We must comply with procurement laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of our U.S. Government contracts and the U.S. Government contracts of our customers.  The U.S. Government may change procurement laws and regulations from time to time.  A violation of U.S. Government procurement laws or regulations, a change in U.S. Government procurement laws and regulations, or a termination arising out of our default could expose us to liability, debarment, or suspension and could have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and orders.      

We are subject to government inquiries, audits and investigations due to our business relationships with the U.S. Government and the heavily regulated industries in which we do business.  In addition, our contract costs are subject to audits by the U.S. Government.  U.S. Government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Defense Contract Management Agency, routinely audit government contractors and subcontractors.  These agencies review our performance under contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards, as well as the adequacy of and our compliance with our internal control systems and policies.  Any costs found to be misclassified or inaccurately allocated to a specific contract would be deemed non-reimbursable, and to the extent already reimbursed, would be refunded.  Any inadequacies in our systems and policies could result in withholds on billed receivables, penalties and reduced future business.  Any inquiries or investigations, including those related to our contract pricing, could potentially result in civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines, suspension, and/or debarment from participating in future business opportunities with the U.S. Government.  Such actions could harm our reputation, even if such allegations are later determined to be unfounded, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.         

Product liability claims, product recalls or other liabilities associated with the products and services we provide may force us to pay substantial damage awards and other expenses that could exceed our accruals and insurance coverage.  

The manufacture and sale of our products and the services we provide expose us to risks of product liability and other tort claims.  We currently have and have had in the past product liability claims relating to our products, and we will likely be subject to additional product liability claims in the future for both past and current products.  Some of these claims may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  We also provide certain services to our customers and are subject to claims with respect to the services provided.  In providing such services, we may rely on subcontractors to perform all or a portion of the contracted services.  It is possible that we could be liable to our customers for work performed by a subcontractor.  Regardless of the outcome, product liability claims can be expensive to defend, can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, and can cause reputational damage.  While we believe that we have appropriate insurance coverage available to us related to any such claims, our insurance may not cover all liabilities or be available in the future at a cost acceptable to us.  An unsuccessful result in connection with a product liability claim, where the liabilities are not covered by insurance or for which indemnification or other recovery is not available, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.   

Suppliers may be unable to provide us with materials of sufficient quality or quantity required to meet our production needs at favorable prices or at all. 

We are dependent upon suppliers for parts and raw materials used in the manufacture of components that we sell to our customers, and our raw material costs are subject to commodity market fluctuations.  We may experience an increase in costs for parts or raw materials that we source from our suppliers, or we may experience a shortage of parts or raw materials for various reasons, such as the loss of a significant supplier, high overall demand creating shortages in parts and supplies we use, financial distress, work stoppages, natural disasters, fluctuations in commodity prices, or production difficulties that may affect one or more of our suppliers.  In particular, current or future global economic uncertainty may affect the financial stability of our key suppliers or their access to financing, which may in turn affect their ability to perform their obligations to us.  Our customers rely on us to provide on-time delivery and have certain rights if our delivery standards are not maintained.  A significant increase in our supply costs, including for raw materials that are subject to commodity price fluctuations, or a  

14   

protracted interruption of supplies for any reason, could result in the delay of one or more of our customer contracts or could damage our reputation and relationships with customers.  In addition, quality and sourcing issues that our suppliers may experience can also adversely affect the quality and effectiveness of our products and services and may result in liability or reputational harm to us.  Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Subcontractors may fail to perform contractual obligations, which would adversely affect our ability to meet our obligations to our customers.       

We frequently subcontract portions of work due under contracts with our customers and are dependent on the continued availability and satisfactory performance by these subcontractors.  Nonperformance or underperformance by subcontractors could materially impact our ability to perform obligations to our customers.  A subcontractor s failure to perform could result in a customer terminating our contract for default, expose us to liability, substantially impair our ability to compete for future contracts and orders, and limit our ability to enforce fully all of our rights under these agreements, including any rights to indemnification.  Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business,   financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

We have engaged in restructuring and alignment activities from time to time and may need to implement further restructurings or alignments in the future, and there can be no assurance that our restructuring or alignment efforts will have the intended effects. 

From time to time, we have responded to changes in our industry and the markets we serve by restructuring or aligning our operations.  Our restructuring activities have included workforce management and other restructuring charges related to our recently acquired businesses, including, among others, changes associated with integrating similar operations, managing our workforce, vacating or consolidating certain facilities and cancelling certain contracts.  Based   on cost reduction measures or changes in the industry and markets in which we compete, we may decide to implement restructuring or alignment activities in the future, such as closing plants, moving production lines, or making additions, reductions or other changes to our management or workforce.  These restructuring and/or alignment activities generally result in charges and expenditures that may adversely affect our financial results for one or more periods. 

Restructuring and/or alignment activities can create unanticipated consequences, such as instability or distraction among our workforce, and we cannot be sure that any restructuring or alignment efforts that we undertake will be successful.    A variety of risks could cause us not to realize expected cost savings, including, among others, the following: 

higher than expected severance costs related to staff reductions;     

higher than expected retention costs for employees that will be retained;     

higher than expected stand-alone overhead expenses;     

delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to our cost-saving plan; and     

other unexpected costs associated with operating the business.     

If we are unable to structure our operations in the light of evolving market conditions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Consolidation in the aerospace market and our participation in a strategic joint venture with GE may make it more difficult to secure long-term sales in certain aerospace markets  

In   January   201  6  , Woodward and General Electric Company ( GE ), acting through its GE Aviation business unit,   consummated the formation of   a strategic joint venture between Woodward and GE (the  JV ).  The JV agreement does not restrict Woodward from entering into any market, however, consolidation in the aircraft engine market is increasingly prevalent, resulting in fewer engine manufacturers, and thus it may become more difficult for Woodward to secure new business with GE competitors on similar product applications both within and outside the specific JV market space.  Additionally, if GE fails to win new content in the market space covered by the JV, Woodward may be prevented from expanding content on future commercial aircraft engines in those markets.   

We may not be able to obtain financing, on acceptable terms or at all, to implement our business plans, complete acquisitions, or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures. 

During the last several years, global financial markets, including the credit and debt and equity capital markets, and economic conditions have been volatile.  These issues, along with significant write-offs in the financial services sector, the re-pricing of credit risk, and the global economic uncertainty, have in the past made, and may in the future make, it difficult to obtain financing.  In addition, as a result of concerns about the stability of financial markets generally and the solvency of counterparties specifically, the cost of obtaining money from the credit markets may increase as many lenders and institutional investors have or may increase interest rates, enact tighter lending standards, refuse to refinance existing debt at maturity either at all or on terms similar to existing debt, and reduce and, in some cases, cease to provide financing to borrowers.  Due to these factors, we cannot be certain that financing, to the extent needed, will be available on acceptable terms or at all.  If financing is not available when needed, or is available only on unacceptable terms, we may be unable to implement our business plans,  

15   

complete acquisitions, fund significant capital expenditures, or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Our debt obligations and the restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our debt could limit our ability to operate our business or pursue our business strategies, could adversely affect our business, financial condit  ion, results of operations, and   cash flows  ,    and could significantly reduce stockholder benefits from   a   change of control event  . 

As of September 30, 201  6  , our total debt was $  729,244  , including $  156,700   of borrowings on our revolving credit facility  , of which $150,000 was classified as current, $393,000 in unsecured notes denominated in U.S. Dollars issued in private placements, and $179,544 of unsecured notes denominated in Euros issued in private placements.    Our debt obligations could require us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, reducing the availability of our cash flow for other purposes, including business development efforts and mergers and acquisitions.  We are contractually obligated under the agreements governing our long-term debt to make principal payments of $  0   in fiscal year 201  7  , $  0   in fiscal year 201  8  , $  143,000   in fiscal year 201  9  , $  0   in fiscal year 20  20  , $  100,000   in fiscal year 202  1  , and the remaining $  329,544   is due in subsequent fiscal years.    Interest on our long-term notes is payable semi-annually, with the exception of the Series J Notes which is payable quarterly, each year until all principal is paid.    Our debt obligations could make us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions and could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate, thereby placing us at a disadvantage to our competitors that have less indebtedness. 

Our existing revolving credit facility and note purchase agreements impose financial covenants on us and our subsidiaries that require us to maintain certain leverage ratios and minimum levels of consolidated net worth.  Certain of these agreements require us to repay outstanding borrowings with portions of the proceeds we receive from certain sales of property or assets and specified future debt offerings.  

These financial covenants place certain restrictions on our business that may affect our ability to execute our business strategy successfully or take other actions that we believe would be in the best interests of our Company.  These restrictions include limitations or restrictions, among other things, on our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: 

incur additional indebtedness;       

pay dividends or make distributions on our capital stock or certain other restricted payments or investments;       

purchase or redeem stock;       

issue stock of our subsidiaries;       

make domestic and foreign investments and extend credit;       

engage in transactions with affiliates;       

transfer and sell assets;       

effect a consolidation or merger or sell, transfer, lease, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and      

create liens on our assets to secure debt.     

These agreements contain certain customary events of default, including certain cross-default provisions related to other outstanding debt arrangements.  Any breach of the covenants under these agreements or other event of default could cause a default under these agreements and/or a cross-default under our other debt arrangements, which could restrict our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility.  If there were an event of default under certain provisions of our debt arrangements that was not cured or waived, the holders of the defaulted debt may be able to cause all amounts outstanding with respect to the debt instrument  , plus any required settlement   costs  ,   to be due and payable immediately.  Our assets and cash flow may not be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments if accelerated upon an event of default.  If we are unable to repay, refinance, or restructure our indebtedness as required, or amend the covenants contained in these agreements, the lenders or note holders may be entitled to obtain a lien or institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets.  Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.  

The Company, at its option, is permitted at any time to prepay all or any part of the then-outstanding principal amount of any series of our private placement notes, together with interest accrued on such amount to be prepaid to the date of prepayment, plus any applicable prepayment compensation amount.  The prepayment compensation amount for the Euro denominated private placement notes includes any net gain or loss realized by the lenders on swap transactions entered into by the lenders under which the lenders   would   receive payment in U.S. dollars in exchange for scheduled Euro payments of principal and interest on the Euro denominated private placement notes by Company to the lenders, adjusted for theoretical lender returns foregone on hypothetical reinvestments in U  .  S  .   Treasury securities.    However, in the case of an event of default as defined in the loan documents, including a change in control event, the prepayment compensation amount will not be less than zero.  Depending on the movement of foreign exchange rates over the terms   of the Euro denominated private placement notes, such payments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and could significantly reduce stockholder benefits from   a   change of control event.  

16   

Additional tax expense or additional tax exposures could affect our future profitability. 

In fiscal year 201  6  , approximately   23  % of our earnings before income taxes was earned in jurisdictions outside the United States.  Accordingly, we are subject to income taxes in both the United States and various non-U.S. jurisdictions.  Our tax liabilities are dependent upon the distribution mix of operating income among these different jurisdictions.  Our tax expense includes estimates of additional tax that may be incurred and reflects various estimates, projections, and assumptions that could impact the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities.  Our future operating results could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate, including: 

changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates;      

changes in our overall profitability;      

changes in tax legislation and tax rates;      

changes in tax incentives;     

changes in U.S. GAAP;      

changes in the projected realization of deferred tax assets and liabilities;      

changes in management s assessment of the amount of earnings indefinitely reinvested offshore; and      

the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our tax exposures.     

We derive a significant portion of our revenues from non-U.S. sales and are subject to the risks inherent in doing business in other countries. 

In 201  6  , approximately   45  % of our total sales were made to customers in jurisdictions outside of the United States (including products manufactured in the United States and sold outside the United States as well as products manufactured in international   locations), including   approximately   8  % of our total sales to Brazil, Russia, India and China, known as the  BRIC  countries.  

Accordingly, our business and results of operations are subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including: 

fluctuations in foreign exchange rates;     

limitations on repatriation of earnings;     

transportation delays and interruptions;     

political, social and economic instability and disruptions;     

government embargos or trade restrictions;     

the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers;     

import and export controls;     

changes in labor conditions;     

changes in regulatory environments;     

the potential for nationalization of enterprises;     

difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations;     

limitations on the Company s ability to enforce legal rights and remedies, including protection of intellectual property;     

difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through some foreign legal systems;     

acts of terrorism or war;     

potentially adverse tax consequences; and     

difficulties in implementing restructuring actions on a timely basis.     

We are also subject to U.S. laws prohibiting companies from doing business in certain countries, or restricting the type of business that may be conducted in these countries.  The cost of compliance with increasingly complex and often conflicting regulations governing various matters worldwide, including foreign investment, employment, import, export, business acquisitions, environmental and taxation matters, land use rights, property, and other matters, can also impair our flexibility in modifying product, marketing, pricing or other strategies for growing our businesses, as well as our ability to improve productivity and maintain acceptable operating margins.  We must also comply with restrictions on exports imposed under the U.S. Export Control Laws and Sanctions Programs.  These laws and regulations change from time to time and may restrict foreign sales.  

In 201  6  , approximately   3  % of our total sales were recorded in the Peoples  Republic of China ( China ) and we have significant operations in China.  Certain of our independent registered public accounting firm s audit documentation related to their audit report included in this annual report may be located in the China.  The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) currently cannot inspect audit documentation located in China and, as such, prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating audit work of any auditors that was performed in China, including that performed by our independent auditors in China.  As a result, investors may be deprived of the full benefits of PCAOB oversight of our global audits via their inspections.  The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of audit work performed in China makes it more difficult to  

17   

evaluate the effectiveness of our Chinese independent auditor s audit procedures as compared to auditors in other jurisdictions that are subject to PCAOB inspections on all of their work. 

Sales and purchases in currencies other than the U.S. dollar expose us to fluctuations in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar.  These exposures may change over time as our business and business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and cash flows.  An increase in the value of the U.S. dollar could increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the United States where we sell in U.S. dollars, and a weakened U.S. dollar could increase the cost of local operating expenses and procurement of raw materials to the extent that we must purchase components in foreign currencies.  Foreign currency exchange rate risk is reduced through several means, including the maintenance of local production facilities in the markets served, invoicing of customers in the same currency as the source of the products,   and   prompt settlement of inter-company balances utilizing a global netting system  .    While we monitor our exchange rate exposures and seek to reduce the risk of volatility, our actions may not be successful in significantly mitigating such volatility. 

Of the $  81,090   of cash and cash equivalents held at September 30, 201  6  , $  80,745   was held by our foreign locations.  We are not presently aware of any significant restrictions on the repatriation of these funds, although a portion is considered indefinitely reinvested in these foreign subsidiaries.  If these funds were needed to fund our operations or satisfy obligations in the United States, then they could be repatriated and their repatriation into the U.S. may cause us to incur additional U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes.  Any additional U.S. taxes could be offset, in whole or in part, by foreign tax credits.  The amount of such taxes and application of tax credits would be dependent on the income tax laws and other circumstances at the time these amounts are repatriated.  Based on these variables, it is impractical to determine the income tax liability that might be incurred if these funds were to be repatriated.  

In addition, uncertain global economic conditions arising from circumstances such as slowing growth in emerging regions could result in reduced customer confidence and decreased demand for our products and services, disruption in payment patterns and higher default rates, a tightening of credit markets, increased risk regarding supplier performance, increased counterparty risk with respect to the financial institutions with which we do business, and exchange rate fluctuations.  While we employ comprehensive controls regarding global cash management to guard against cash or investment loss and to ensure our ability to fund our operations and commitments, a material disruption to the financial institutions with whom we transact business could have a material adverse effect on our international operations or on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Political and economic uncertainty in the European Union could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

C  redit rating downgrades in certain European c  ountries and/or   speculation regarding changes to the compositi  on or viability of the European Union ( EU ) create uncertain global economic conditions.  On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom ( UK ) voted to leave the EU.  The UK s voluntary exit from the EU, generally referred to as the  Brexit,  triggered short-term financial volatility, including a decline in the value of the Great Britain Pound ( GBP ) in comparison to both the U.S. dollar ( USD ) and the European Union countries  Euro ( EUR ).  In addition, a process of negotiation will be required to determine the future terms of the UK s relationship with the EU, and the uncertainty before, during and after the period of negotiation could have a negative economic impact and result in further volatility in the markets for several years.  The impact of the Brexit referendum and such ongoing uncertainty may result in various economic and financial consequences for businesses operating in the UK, the EU and beyond.  

We derive a significant portion of our revenues from non-U.S. sales and are subject to the risks inherent in doing business in other countries, including the UK.  During fiscal year 2016, approximately 3% of our consolidated net sales were invoiced to customers in the UK through both our Aerospace and our Industrial reportable segments.  Approximately 27% of our consolidated net sales were invoiced to customers in Europe overall.  Woodward and its various subsidiaries hold financial assets and liabilities denominated in GBP and EUR, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, postretirement defined benefit pension plan assets and liabilities, and accounts payable, and the future impacts of the Brexit and the continued uncertainty surrounding the EU could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.   

Changes in the estimates of fair value of reporting units or of long-lived assets,   particularly   goodwill, may result in future impairment   charges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Over time, the fair values of long-lived assets change.    At September 30, 201  6  , we had $  555,684   of goodwill, representing   21  % of our total assets.    We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount.  Based on the relevant U.S. GAAP authoritative guidance, we aggregate components of a single operating segment into a reporting unit, if appropriate.  Future goodwill impairment charges may occur if estimates of fair values decrease, which would reduce future earnings.  We also test property, plant, and equipment and other intangibles for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.  Future  

18   

asset impairment charges may occur if asset utilization declines, if customer demand decreases, or for a number of other reasons, which would reduce future earnings.  Any such impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.  Impairment charges would also reduce our consolidated stockholders  equity and increase our debt-to-total-capitalization ratio, which could negatively impact our credit rating and access to the debt and equity markets. 

We completed our annual goodwill impairment test during the   quarter ended September 30, 2016  .  In performing the annual goodwill impairment test, we determined it was appropriate to aggregate certain components of the same operating segment into a single reporting unit.  The identification of reporting units and consideration of aggregation criteria requires management s judgment.  Further, we use the income approach based on a discounted cash flow method that incorporates various estimates and assumptions.  The results of our fiscal year 201  6   annual goodwill impairment test performed as of July 31, 201  6   indicated the estimated fair values of each of our reporting units were in excess of their carrying amounts, and accordingly, no impairment existed.  There can be no assurance that our estimates and assumptions of the fair value of our reporting units, the current economic environment, or the other inputs used in forecasting the present value of forecasted cash flows used to estimate the fair value of our reporting units will prove to be accurate projections of future performance. 

As part of our ongoing monitoring efforts, we will continue to consider the global economic environment and its potential impact on our businesses, as well as other factors, in assessing goodwill and long-lived assets for possible indications of impairment. 

Our manufacturing activities may result in future environmental costs or liabilities. 

We use hazardous materials and/or regulated materials in our manufacturing operations.  We also own, operate, and may acquire facilities that were formerly owned and operated by others that used such materials.  The risk that a significant release of regulated materials has occurred in the past or will occur in the future cannot be completely eliminated or prevented.  As a result, we are subject to a substantial number of costly regulations.  In particular, we are required to comply with increasingly stringent requirements of federal, state, and local environmental, occupational health and safety laws and regulations in the United States, the European Union, and other territories, including those governing emissions to air, discharges to water, noise and odor emissions, the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials, and the cleanup of contaminated properties and human health and safety.  Compliance with these laws and regulations results in ongoing costs.  We cannot be certain that we have been, or will at all times be, in complete compliance with all environmental requirements, or that we will not incur additional material costs or liabilities in connection with these requirements.    In addition, we may be exposed to other environmental costs such as participation in superfund sites or other similar jurisdictional initiatives.   

As a result, we may incur material costs or liabilities or be required to undertake future environmental remediation activities that could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Our financial and operating performance depends on continued access to a stable workforce and on favorable labor relations with our employees.  

Certain of our operations in the United States and internationally involve different employee/employer relationships and the existence of works  councils.  In addition, a portion of our workforce   in the United States   is unionized and is expected to remain unionized for the foreseeable future.  Competition for technical personnel in the industries in which we compete is intense.  Our future success depends in part on our continued ability to hire, train, assimilate, and retain qualified personnel.  There is no assurance that we will continue to be successful in recruiting qualified employees in the future.  Any significant increases in labor costs, deterioration of employee relations, including any conflicts with works  councils or unions, or slowdowns or work stoppages at any of our locations, whether due to employee turnover, changes in availability of qualified technical personnel, or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, our relationships with customers, and our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Our operations and suppliers may be subject to physical and other risks, including natural disasters that could disrupt production and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

Our operations include principal facilities in the United States, China, Germany, and Poland. In addition, we operate sales and service facilities in Brazil, Bulgaria, India, Japan, the Netherlands, the Republic of Korea, Russia and the United Kingdom. We also have suppliers for materials and parts inside and outside the United States. Our operations and sources of supply could be disrupted by unforeseen events, including fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and other forms of severe weather in countries in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located, any of which could adversely affect our operations and financial performance.  Natural disasters, public health concerns, war, political unrest, terrorist activity, equipment failures, power outages, or other unforeseen events could result in physical damage to, and complete or partial closure of, one or more of our manufacturing facilities, or could cause temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of component products from some local and international suppliers, disruption in the transport of our products and significant delays in the shipment of products and the provision of services, which could in turn cause the loss of sales and  

19   

customers.  Existing insurance arrangements may not provide protection for all of the costs that may arise from such events.  Accordingly, disruption of our operations or the operations of a significant supplier could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.  

Our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to protect all our products or technologies. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain patents or rights to patents, protect trade secrets and know-how, and prevent others from infringing on our patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights.  Some of our intellectual property is not covered by patents (or patent applications) and includes trade secrets and other know-how that is not patentable or for which we have elected not to seek patent protection, including intellectual property relating to our manufacturing processes and engineering designs.  We will be able to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that it is covered by valid and enforceable patents, trademarks, or licenses.  Patent protection generally involves complex legal and factual questions and, therefore, enforceability of patent rights cannot be predicted with certainty; thus, any patents that we own or license from others may not provide us with adequate protection against competitors.  Moreover, the laws of certain foreign countries do not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the United States.  Additionally, our commercial success depends significantly on our ability to operate without infringing upon the patent and other proprietary rights of others.  Our current or future technologies may, regardless of our intent, infringe upon the patents or violate other proprietary rights of third parties.  In the event of such infringement or violation, we may face expensive litigation or indemnification obligations and may be prevented from selling existing products and pursuing product development or commercialization.  If we are unable to sufficiently protect our patent and other proprietary rights or if we infringe on the patent or proprietary rights of others, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

Amounts accrued for contingencies may be inadequate to cover the amount of loss when the matters are ultimately resolved. 

In addition to intellectual property and product liability matters, we are currently involved or may become involved in claims, pending or threatened litigation or other legal proceedings, investigations or regulatory proceedings regarding employment or other regulatory, legal, or contractual matters arising in the ordinary course of business.  There is no certainty that the results of these matters will be favorable to the Company.  We accrue for known individual matters if we believe it is probable that the matter will result in a loss when ultimately resolved using estimates of the most likely amount of loss.  There may be additional losses that have not been accrued, or liabilities may exceed our estimates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws and regulations. 

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( FCPA ) and similar anti-bribery laws and regulations in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing an improper business advantage.  Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws.  However, we operate in many parts of the world and sell to industries that have experienced corruption to some degree.  If we are found to be liable for FCPA or other similar anti-bribery law or regulatory violations, whether due to our or others  actions or inadvertence, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

Our net postretirement benefit obligation liabilities may increase, and the fair value of our pension plan assets may decrease, which could require us to make additional and/or unexpected cash contributions to our pension plans, increase the amount of postretirement benefit expenses, affect our liquidity or affect our ability to comply with the terms of our outstanding debt arrangements. 

Accounting for retirement, pension and postretirement benefit obligations and related expense requires the use of assumptions, including a weighted-average discount rate, an expected long-term rate of return on assets, a net healthcare cost trend rate, and projected mortality rates, among others.  Benefit obligations and benefit costs are sensitive to changes in these assumptions.  As a result, assumption changes could result in increases in our obligation amounts and expenses.  If interest rates decline, the present value of our postretirement benefit plan liabilities may increase faster than the value of plan assets, resulting in significantly higher unfunded positions in some of our pension plans.  As of September 30, 201  6  , we had $  208,812   in invested pension plan assets.  Investment losses may result in decreases to our pension plan assets.  

Funding estimates are based on certain assumptions, including discount rates, interest rates, mortality, fair value of assets and expected return on plan assets and are subject to changes in government regulations in the countries in which our employees work.  Volatility in the financial markets may impact future discount and interest rate assumptions.  Significant changes in investment performance or a change in the portfolio mix of invested assets can result in increases or decreases in the valuation of plan assets or in a change of the expected rate of return on plan assets.  Also, new accounting standards on fair value measurement may impact the calculation of future funding levels.  We periodically review our assumptions, and any such revision can significantly change the present value of future benefits, and in turn, the funded status of our pension plans and the  

20   

resulting periodic pension expense.  Changes in our pension benefit obligations and the related net periodic costs or credits may occur as a result of variances of actual results from our assumptions, and we may be required to make additional cash contributions in the future beyond those which have been estimated.  

In addition, our existing revolving credit facility and note purchase agreements contain continuing covenants and events of default regarding our pension plans, including provisions regarding the unfunded liabilities related to those pension plans.  See the discussion above concerning  Our debt obligations and the restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our debt could limit our ability to operate our business or pursue our business strategies, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.    

To the extent that the present values of benefits incurred for pension obligations are greater than values of the assets supporting those obligations or if we are required to make additional or unexpected contributions to our pension plans for any reason, our ability to comply with the terms of our outstanding debt arrangements, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

Our business operations may be adversely affected by information systems interruptions or intrusion.  

We are dependent on various information systems throughout our company to administer, store and support multiple business activities.  If these systems are damaged, cease to function properly or are subject to cybersecurity attacks, such as unauthorized access, malicious software and other violations, we could experience production downtimes, operational delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems or networks, financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability, and/or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.  While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including technical security controls, employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks, products, solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats.   

Industry Risks 

Unforeseen events may occur that significantly reduce commercial aviation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A significant portion of our business is related to commercial aviation.  Global economic downturn and uncertainty in the marketplace typically lead to a general reduction in demand for air transportation services, leading some airlines to withdraw aircraft from service, which negatively affects sales of our aerospace components and services.  These economic conditions can similarly affect our sales of systems and components for new business jet aircraft.  The commercial airline industry tends to be cyclical and capital spending by airlines and aircraft manufacturers may be influenced by a variety of factors, including current and future traffic levels, aircraft fuel pricing, labor issues, competition, the retirement of older aircraft, regulatory changes, terrorism and related safety concerns, general economic conditions, worldwide airline profits and backlog levels.  In the event these or other economic indicators stagnate or worsen, market demand for our components and systems could be negatively affected by renewed reductions in demand for air transportation services or commercial airlines  financial difficulties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

The U.S. Government may change acquisition priorities and/or reduce spending, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The U.S. Government participates in a wide variety of operations, including homeland defense, counterinsurgency, counterterrorism, and other defense-related operations that employ our products and services.  U.S. defense spending has historically been cyclical in nature, and defense budgets tend to rise when perceived threats to national security increase the level of concern over the country s safety.  The U.S. Government continues to adjust its funding priorities in response to changes in the perceived threat environment.  In addition, defense spending currently faces pressures due to the overall economic and political environment, budget deficits, and competing budget priorities.  A decrease in U.S. Government defense spending or changes in the spending allocation could result in one or more of our programs being reduced, delayed, or terminated.   

Shifts in domestic and international spending and tax policy, changes in security, defense, and intelligence priorities, changes in government budget appropriations, general and political economic conditions and developments, and other factors may affect a decision to fund, or the level of funding for, existing or proposed programs.  If the priorities of the U.S. Government change and/or defense spending is reduced, this may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

21   

Increasing emission standards that drive certain product sales may be eased or delayed, which could reduce our competitive advantage. 

We sell components and systems that have been designed to meet strict emission standards, including standards that have not yet been implemented but are expected to be implemented soon.  If these emission standards are eased, developed products may become unnecessary and/or our future sales could be lower as potential customers select alternative products or delay adoption of our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.   

Natural gas prices may increase significantly and disproportionately to other sources of fuels used for power generation, which could reduce our sales and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Commercial producers of electricity use many of our components and systems, most predominately in their power plants that use natural gas as their fuel source.  Commercial producers of electricity are often in a position to manage the use of different power plant facilities and make decisions based on operating costs.  Compared to other sources of fuels used for power generation, natural gas prices have increased slower than fuel oil, but about the same as coal.  This increase in natural gas prices and any future increases, whether in absolute dollars or relative to other fuel costs such as oil, could impact the sales mix of our components and systems, which could have a material adverse   e  ffect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.   

Long-term reduced commodity prices for oil, natural gas, and other minerals may depress the markets for certain of our products and services  , particularly those from our Industrial segment  . 

Many of our   Industrial   segment OEM and aftermarket customers and our Aerospace segment rotorcraft product lines  customers provide goods and services that support various industrial extraction activities, including mining, oil and gas exploration and extraction, and transportation of raw materials from extraction sites to refineries and/or processing facilities.  Long-term lower prices for commodities such as oil, natural gas, gold, tin, and various other minerals could reduce exploration activities and place downward pressure on demand for Woodward s goods and services that support exploration and extraction activities.  

Changes in government subsidy programs and regulatory requirements may result in decreased demand for our products. 

The U.S. Government, as well as various foreign governments, provide for various stimulus programs or subsidies, such as grants, loan guarantees and tax incentives, relating to renewable energy, alternative energy, energy efficiency and electric power infrastructure.  Some of these programs have expired, which may affect the economic feasibility or timing of future projects.  Additionally, while a significant amount of stimulus funds and subsidies are available to support various projects, we cannot predict the timing and scope of any investments to be made by our customers under stimulus funding and subsidies or whether stimulus funding and subsidies will result in increased demand for our products.  Investments for renewable energy, alternative energy and electric power infrastructure under stimulus programs and subsidies may not occur, may be less than anticipated or may be delayed, any of which would negatively impact demand for our products. 

Other current and potential regulatory initiatives may not result in increased demand for our products.  It is not certain whether existing regulatory requirements will create sufficient incentives for new projects, when or if proposed regulatory requirements will be enacted, or whether any potentially beneficial provisions will be included in the regulatory requirement. 

Uncertainty with respect to government subsidy programs and regulatory requirements could cause decreased demand for our products as investments are delayed or become economically unfeasible, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.   

We operate in a highly competitive industry and, if we are unable to compete effectively in one or more of our markets, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

We face intense competition from a number of established competitors in the United States and abroad, some of which are larger in size or are divisions of large diversified companies with substantially greater financial resources.  In addition, global competition continues to increase.  Companies compete on the basis of providing products that meet the needs of customers, as well as on the basis of price, quality, and customer service.  Changes in competitive conditions, including the availability of new products and services, the introduction of new channels of distribution, and changes in OEM and aftermarket pricing, could impact our relationships with our customers and may adversely affect future sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Further, the markets in which we operate experience rapidly changing technologies and frequent introductions of new products and services.  The technological expertise we have developed and maintained could become less valuable if a competitor were to develop a breakthrough technology that would allow it to match or exceed the performance of existing  

22   

technologies at a lower cost.  If we are unable to develop competitive technologies, future sales or earnings could be lower than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.  

Industry consolidation trends could reduce our sales opportunities, decrease sales prices, and drive down demand for our products.  

There has been consolidation and there may be further consolidation in the aerospace, power, and process industries.  The consolidation in these industries has resulted in customers with vertically integrated operations, including increased in-sourcing capabilities, which may result in economies of scale for those companies.  If our customers continue to seek to control more aspects of vertically integrated projects, cost pressures resulting in further integration or industry consolidation could reduce our sales opportunities, decrease sales prices, and drive down demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Investment Risks 

The historic market price of our common stock may not be indicative of future market prices. 

The market price of our common stock has fluctuated over time.  Stock markets in general have experienced extreme price and volume volatility particularly over the past few years.  The trading price of our common stock ranged from a high of $  63.98   per share to a low of $  39.68   per share during the twelve months ended September 30, 201  6  .  The following factors, among others, could cause the price of our common stock in the public market to fluctuate significantly: 

general economic conditions, particularly in the aerospace, power generation and process and transportation industries;     

variations in our quarterly results of operation;     

a change in sentiment in the market regarding our operations or business prospects;     

the addition or departure of key personnel; and      

announcements by us or our competitors of new business, acquisitions or joint ventures.     

Fluctuations in our stock price often occur without regard to specific operating performance.  The price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon the above factors or other factors, including those that have little to do with our company, and these fluctuations could be material. 

The typical daily trading volume of our common stock may affect an investor s ability to sell significant stock holdings in the future without negatively affecting stock price. 

As of September 30, 201  6  , we had 72,960 shares of common stock issued, of which   11,374     shares were held as treasury shares.  In addition, stockholders who each own 5% or greater of our shares hold a total of approximately   20  % of the outstanding shares of our common stock.  During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 201  6  , the average daily trading volume of our stock was approximately   221   shares.  While the level of trading activity will vary each day, our typical daily trading volume is relatively low and represents only a small percentage of total shares of stock outstanding.  As a result, a stockholder who sells a significant number of shares of stock in a short period of time could negatively affect our share price. 

Certain anti-takeover provisions of our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage or prevent others from acquiring our company. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that: 

provide for a classified board;     

provide that directors may be removed only for cause by holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of common stock;     

authorize our board of directors to fill vacant directorships or to increase or decrease the size of our board of directors;     

permit us to issue, without stockholder approval, up to 10,000 shares of preferred stock, in one or more series and, with respect to each series, to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of the series;      

require special meetings of stockholders to be called by holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of common stock;      

prohibit stockholders from acting by written consent;      

require advance notice for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to the board of directors to be acted upon at meetings of stockholders; and     

require the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of our common stock for amendments to our certificate of incorporation and certain business combinations, including mergers, consolidations, sales of all or substantially all of our assets or dissolution.     

In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law limits business combinations with owners of more than 15% of our stock that have not been approved by the board of directors.  These provisions and other similar provisions make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without negotiation.  Our board of directors could choose not to negotiate a  

23   

potential acquisition that it does not believe to be in our best interest.  Accordingly, the potential acquirer could be discouraged from offering to acquire us, or could be prevented by the anti-takeover measures, from successfully completing a hostile acquisition. 

Item 1B.      Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2.      Properties 

Our principal plants are as follows: 

United States    

Duarte, California   Aerospace segment manufacturing and engineering 

Fort Collins, Colorado   (t  wo plants)     Corporate headquarters and   Industrial   segment manufacturing and engineering 

Greenville,   South Carolina (leased)  Industrial   segment manufa  cturing and Aerospace and Industrial   segments engineering 

Loveland, Colorado  Industrial   segment manufa  cturing and Aerospace and Industrial   segments engineering  

Niles, Illinois   Aerospace segment manufa  cturing and Aerospace and Industrial   segments engineering 

Rockford, Illinois   (t  wo plants)     Aerospace segment manufacturing and engineering 

Santa Clarita, California   Aerospace segment manufacturing and engineering 

Zeeland, Michigan   Aerospace segment manufacturing and engineering 

Other Countries 

Aken, Germany (leased)  Industrial   segment manufacturing and engineering 

Kempen, Germany  Industrial   segment manufacturing and engineering 

Krakow, Poland  Industrial   segment manufa  cturing and Aerospace and Industrial   segments engineering 

Tianjin, Peoples  Re  public of China (leased)  Industrial   segment assembly 

In addition to the principal plants listed above, we own or lease other facilities used primarily for sales, service activities  ,   assembly  ,    and/or   engineering activities   in Brazil, Bulgaria, China, India, Japan, the Netherlands, the Republic of Korea, Russia, the United Kingdom, Germany, and the United States. 

In fiscal year 2016,   we completed construction of a manufacturing   building for our Industrial segment   and    a     corporate headquarters building on a second campus in Fort Collins, Colorado  .  Thi  s campus is intended to support the future growth of our Industrial segment by supplementing our existing Colorado manufacturing facilities. 

Our remaining principal plants are suitable and adequate for the manufacturing and other activities performed at those plants, and we believe our utilization levels are generally high. 

Item 3.      Legal Proceedings 

Woodward is currently involved in claims, pending or threatened litigation or other legal proceedings, investigations and/or regulatory proceedings arising in the normal course of business, including, among others, those relating to product liability claims, employment matters, worker s compensation claims, contractual disputes, product warranty claims and alleged violations of various laws and regulations.  We accrue for known individual matters where we believe that it is probable the matter will result in a loss when ultimately resolved using estimates of the most likely amount of loss.   

While the outcome of pending claims, legal and regulatory proceedings, and investigations cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that any liabilities that may result from these claims, proceedings and investigations will not have a material effect on Woodward's liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Item 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5.      Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market and is traded under the symbol  WWD.   At November   10  , 201  6  , there were approximately   1,000   holders of record.   

24   

The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices of our common stock and dividends paid for the periods indicated.  

Performance Graph 

The following graph compares the cumulative 10-year total return to stockholders on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the S P Midcap 400 index and the S P Industrial Machinery index.  The graph shows total stockholder return assuming an investment of $100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) was made on September 30, 200  6   in our common stock and in each of the two indexes and tracks relative performance through September 30, 201  6  .  We have used a period of 10 years as we believe that our stock performance should be reviewed over a period that is reflective of our long-term business cycle.   

The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

25   

Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(1) 

In the second quarter of fiscal year 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a program for the repurchase of up to $300,000 of our outstanding shares of common stock on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions over a three-year period that will end in 2018.       

(2) 

Under a trust established for the purposes of administering the Woodward Executive Benefit Plan, 342 shares of common stock were acquired in July 2016 on the open market related to the deferral of compensation by certain eligible members of Woodward s management who irrevocably elected to invest some or all of their deferred compensation in Woodward common stock.  In addition, 274 shares of common stock were acquired on the open market related to the reinvestment of dividends for shares of treasury stock held for deferred compensation in August 2016.  Shares owned by the trust, which is a separate legal entity, are included in "Treasury stock held for deferred compensation" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets     

Item 6.         Selected Financial Data 

The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes which appear in  Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of this Form 10-K. 

26   

Notes: 

1. 

On December 28, 2012, Woodward acquired from GE Aviation Systems LLC (the  Seller ) substantially all of the assets and certain liabilities of the Seller's thrust reverser actuation systems business located in Duarte, California (the  Duarte Business ).       

2. 

In the first quarter   of fiscal year 2016  , Woodward recorded   special charges totaling approximately $16,100 related to   its   efforts to consolidate facilities, reduce costs and address current market conditions.       

3. 

In the third quarter of fiscal year 2013, Woodward recorded a specific charge of $15,707 related to the alignment of its renewable power business to the economic environment and then foreseeable future.        

4. 

In   fiscal year 2016, Woodward recognized a tax benefit of $6,500, or $0.10 per basic and diluted share, related to the retroactive impact of the permanent reinstatement of the U.S. research and experimentation credit ( R E Credit ) pertaining to fiscal year 2015.  In   fiscal year 2015, Woodward recognized a tax benefit of $5,818, or $0.09 per basic and diluted share, related to the retroactive impact of the reinstatement of the   R E Credit   pertaining to fiscal year 2014.  In fiscal year 2013, Woodward recognized a tax benefit of $4,911, or $0.07 per basic and diluted share, related to the retroactive impact   of   the reinstatement of the   R E C  redit pertaining to fiscal year 2012.       

5. 

In fiscal year 2016, Woodward adopted the following Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Updates ( ASU ):    ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,  ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Pre  sentation of Debt Issuance Costs,  and   ASU 2015-15,  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements.    Retrospective adoption was required for these ASUs and therefore fiscal years 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 have been restated to reflect the adoption of these ASUs.  See Note 2, New accounting standards in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in  Item8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for more information about these ASUs.     

6. 

On January 4, 2016, Woodward and General Electric Company ( GE ), acting through its GE Aviation business unit, consummated the formation of a strategic joint venture between Wo  odward and GE (the  JV ).    Woodward determined that the JV formation was not the culmination of an earnings event because Woodward has significant performance obligations to support the future operations of the JV.  Therefore, Woodward recorded the $250,000 consideration received from GE for its purchase of a 50% equity interest in the JV as deferred income.  The $250,000 deferred income will be recognized as an increase to net sales in proportion to revenue realized on sales of applicable fuel systems within the scope of the JV in a particular period as a percentage of total revenue expected to be realized by Woodward over the estimated remaining lives of the underlying commercial aircraft engine programs assigned to the JV.  As of September 30, 2016, accrued liabilities include $  6,552   and other liabilities include $  238,187   of unamortized deferred income realized upon the JV     formation.             

Item 7.          Management's Discussi    on and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

OVERVIEW 

Woodward enhances the global quality of life and sustainability by optimizing energy use through improved efficiency and lower emissions.  We are an independent designer, manufacturer, and service provider of energy control and optimization solutions.  We design, produce and service reliable, efficient, low-emission, and high-performance energy control products for diverse applications in challenging environments.  We have production and assembly facilities in the United States, Europe  , Asia   and   South America, and   promote our products and services through our worldwide locations.   

Our strategic focus is providing control solutions for the aerospace, industrial and energy markets.  The precise and efficient control of energy, including fluid and electrical energy, combustion, and motion, is a growing requirement in the markets we serve.  Our customers look to us to optimize the efficiency, emissions and operation of power equipment in both commercial and defense operations.  Our core technologies can be leveraged well across our markets and customer applications, enabling us to develop and integrate cost-effective and state-of-the-art fuel, combustion, fluid, actuation and electronic systems.  We focus primarily on serving OEMs and equipment packagers, partnering with them to bring superior component and system solutions to their demanding applications.  We also provide aftermarket repair, replacement and other service support for our installed products.  

Our components and integrated systems optimize performance of commercial aircraft, defense aircraft, ground vehicles and other equipment, gas and steam turbines, wind turbines, including converters and power grid related equipment, industrial diesel, gas, alternative and dual fuel reciprocating engines, and electrical power systems.  Our innovative fluid energy,  

27   

combustion control, electrical energy, and motion control systems help our customers offer more cost-effective, cleaner, and more reliable equipment.   

Management s discussion and analysis should be read together with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes included in this report.  Dollar and number of share amounts contained in this discussion and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are in thousands, except per share amounts. 

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND TRENDS  

We serve the aerospace, industrial and energy markets.   

Aerospace Markets  

Our aerospace products and systems are primarily used to provide propulsion, actuation and motion control in both commercial and defense fixed-wing aircraft and rotorcraft, as well as in other defense systems.  

Commercial and Civil Aircraft     In the commercial aerospace markets, global air traffic continued to grow in fiscal year 201  6  .  Commercial aircraft production has increased with the introduction of new aircraft models and as aircraft operators continue to take delivery of more fuel efficient aircraft and retire older and less efficient aircraft.  This trend toward more fuel efficient aircraft favors our product offerings because we have more content on the newer generation of aircraft that have recently entered service or are scheduled to go into production over the next several years.        Business and General Aviation market demand        including business jets, turboprops and helicopters     declined   in 2016 as a result of global economic conditions and continuing low oil prices.       

We have been awarded content on the Airbus A320neo and A330neo, Bell 429, Boeing 737 MAX, 787, 747-8 and 777X, Bombardier CSeries, Comac   C  919, Irkut MS-21 and a variety of business jet platforms, among others.  We continue to explore opportunities on new engine and aircraft programs that are under consideration or have been recently announced. 

Defense       The defense industry continues under the minimal-growth regime of the Budget Control Act of 2011 and related pro  curement reductions and delays.    Our involvement with a wide variety of defense programs in fixed-wing aircraft, rotorcraft and weapons systems has provided relative stability for our defense market sales, as some newer programs increase (e.g. F-35 Lightning II and KC-46A Tanker) while some legacy programs are reduced (e.g. F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet and V-22 Osprey).  Others are relatively steady (e.g. UH-60 Black Hawk and A-64 Apache helicopter programs).  We have significant motion control system content for the refueling boom on the KC-46A, which enters low rate production in 2017.    Weapons programs for which we have significant sales include the   Joint Direct Attack Munition (   JDAM   )  ,    Small Diameter Bomb (   SDB   )   and AIM  -  9X guided tactical weapon systems. 

Aftermarket     U.S. government sustainment funds continue to be prioritized to defense aircraft platforms on which we have content  , among others  .  Accordingly, our defense aftermarket has shown improvement in fiscal year 201  6  , but   we expect     it   to be variable in future periods, as it has been in the past.  Variability is generally attributable to the cycling of various upgrade programs  , as well as actual usage  .  Our commercial aftermarket business has increased as our products have been selected for new aerospace platforms and our content has increased across existing platforms.  We have experienced the strongest gains in commercial aftermarket related to programs like Airbus A320 and Boeing 777.  While some legacy programs have been negatively impacted by the availability of surplus hardware from aircraft retirements (and subsequent disassembly for parts re-use), combined with increasingly tight budget control by airline maintenance departments, we saw moderate growth in fiscal year 201  6  . 

Industrial   Markets 

Our industrial and energy products are used worldwide in various types of turbine- and reciprocating engine-powered equipment, including electric power generation and distribution systems, ships, locomotives, compressors, pumps, and other mobile and industrial machines.  

Industrial Turbines     The turbine market for new capacity, which consists mainly of heavy frames, aero derivatives and steam, was down in fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015.  Demand continues for turbine aftermarket products and services driven by maintenance and performance requirements.  Start reliability, fuel flexibility, and part-load efficiency are all key drivers of the turbine market as the conversion from coal to gas usage continues, and we believe Woodward is well positioned to meet these market needs on the next generation turbines.  Though the increasing demand for energy supports long-term growth for turbines, we expect market softness to continue in fiscal year 2017 due to global economic industrial weakness and low oil and gas prices.  However, customer share gains and increased scope on the latest generation turbines, as well as continued demand for aftermarket products and services, are anticipated to lessen the impact of market softness in fiscal year 2017. 

Reciprocating Engines       Woodward s key markets for engine control technologies are power generation, natural gas fueled trucks and buses in China, mining, construction, oil and gas, and shipping industries.  Most of these markets remained soft or depressed in 2016 due to global economic weakness and low oil and gas prices.      In China, government incentives,  

28   

natural gas supplies, and other factors have reduced the demand for natural gas-fueled trucks and buses in China and other key markets, which also reduced demand for our control systems used in these applications.  We expect customer share gains and increased scope on the latest generation reciprocating engines, as well as continued demand for aftermarket products and services,   to   have a favorable impact on Woodward in fiscal year 2017.  Government emissions requirements across many regions and new engine applications are driving demand for more sophisticated control systems, as is customer demand for improved engine efficiencies and increased reliability.  Energy policies in some countries encourage the use of natural gas and other alternative fuels over carbon-rich petroleum fuels, which we expect will drive increased demand for our alternative fuel clean engine control technologies.  

Renewable Power     The renewable power industry connected a record 63 gigawatts ( GW ) to the grid in calendar year 2015.  This is expected to decelerate in calendar year 2016 to 52.8 GW and grow at a much more modest and stable pace through the next decade.  Uncertainty regarding government renewable mandates is subsiding, thereby reducing market volatility in the renewable power industry.  In many regions of the world, such as Brazil and India, new renewable generation will be limited by grid connectivity constraints.  The updated German Renewable Energy Sources Act (Erneuerbare Energien Gesetz   EEG) is moving away from a feed-in-tariff scheme, to a more sustainable  corridor targets scheme  (2500 MW annually for onshore wind).  Currently, capital investment and operating costs for onshore wind continue to substantially decline, driving the levelized cost of energy ( LCOE ) toward parity with most fossil fuel energy sources.  In the medium to longer term, we anticipate this trend to continue in the onshore market and emerge in the offshore wind market.  The trend for larger turbines (+3 MW onshore and +6 MW offshore) will continue to transform OEM product portfolios and fuel industry consolidation, as weaker companies will not be able to invest rapidly enough to maintain pace with the larger competitors, further reducing the LCOE.  Looking forward, we anticipate that integration of renewable energy sources into the grid and increased global energy demand will drive new opportunities for our advanced control and protection solutions. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Joint Venture 

On January 4, 2016, Woodward and General Electric Company ( GE ), acting through its GE Aviation business unit, consummated the formation of a strategic joint venture between Woodward and GE.  The JV designs, develops and sources the fuel system for specified existing and all future GE commercial aircraft engines that produce thrust in excess of fifty thousand pounds. 

As part of the JV formation, Woodward contributed to the JV certain contractual rights and intellectual property applicable to the existing GE commercial aircraft engine programs within the scope of the JV.  Woodward has no initial cost basis in the JV because Woodward had no cost basis in the contractual rights and intellectual property contributed to the JV.  GE purchased from Woodward a 50% ownership interest in the JV for a $250,000 cash payment to Woodward.  In addition, GE will pay contingent consideration to Woodward consisting of fifteen annual payments of approximately $4,894 each year beginning January 4, 2017 subject to certain claw-back conditions.  Neither Woodward nor GE contributed any tangible assets to the JV. 

Woodward determined that the JV formation was not the culmination of an earnings event because Woodward has significant performance obligations to support the future operations of the JV.  Therefore, Woodward recorded the $250,000 consideration received from GE for its purchase of a 50% equity interest in the JV as deferred income.  The $250,000 deferred income will be recognized as an increase to net sales in proportion to revenue realized on sales of applicable fuel systems within the scope of the JV in a particular period as a percentage of total revenue expected to be realized by Woodward over the estimated remaining lives of the underlying commercial aircraft engine programs assigned to the JV.  

Woodward and GE jointly manage the JV, and any significant decisions and/or actions of the JV require the mutual consent of both Woodward and GE.  Neither Woodward nor GE has a controlling financial interest in the JV, but Woodward does have the ability to significantly influence the operating and financial decisions of the JV.  Therefore, Woodward is accounting for its remaining 50% ownership interest in the JV using the equity method of accounting.    Other income includes $6,204 for the nine-months ended September 30, 2016 related to Woodward s equity interest in the earnings of the JV.  During nine-months ended September 30, 2016, Woodward net sales include $46,973 of sales to the JV and a reduction to sales of $21,391 related to royalties paid to the JV by Woodward on sales by Woodward directly to third party aftermarket customers.  

Operational Highlights 

Net sales for fiscal year 201  6   were $  2,023,078  , a   decrease   of   0.7  % from $2,  038,303   for the prior fiscal year.  Net sales for fiscal year 201  6   were negatively impacted by   $14,885   related to unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the prior fiscal year.    Aerospace segment sales for fiscal year 2016 were up 6.2% to $1,233,176, compared to $1,160,883 for the prior fiscal year.  Industrial segment sales for fiscal year 2016 were down 10.0% to $789,902, compared to $877,420 for the prior fiscal year.       

Net earnings for fiscal year 201  6   were $  180,838  , or $  2.85   per diluted share, compared to $  181,452  , or $2.  7  5 per dil  uted share, for fiscal year 2015  .    Net earnings for fiscal year 2016 included approximately $16,100 of special charges related to our efforts to consolidate facilities, reduce costs and address current market conditions, which was equal to approximately $9,900  

29   

net of tax.  Net earnings for fiscal year 2016 were also negatively impacted by approximately $3,000, or $2,000 net of tax, related to unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates compared to fiscal year 2015. 

The effective tax rate in fiscal year 201  6   was   20.2  % compared to 2  4.7  % for the prior fiscal year.  

Earnings before interest and taxes (   EBIT   )   for fiscal year 201  6   was $  251,237  ,    down     5.2  % from $  265,026   in fiscal year 201  5  .    Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (   EBITDA   )   for fiscal year 201  6   was $  320,273  ,    down     5.9  % from $  340,261   for fiscal year 201  5  .    EBIT and EBITDA for fiscal year 2016 include the special charges of approximately $16,100 discussed above.    EBIT   and EBITDA   for fiscal year 201  6     were   negatively impacted by approximately $  3,000   related to   u  nfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the prior fiscal year. 

Aerospace segment earnings as a percent of segment net sales increased to 18.8% in fiscal year 2016 from 16.2% in the prior fiscal year.  Industrial segment earnings as a percent of segment net sales decreased to 10.4% in fiscal year 2016 from 14.4% in the prior fiscal year. 

Liquidity Highlights 

Net cash provided by operating activities f  or fiscal year 2016 was $435,379  , compared to $  295,990   for fiscal year 201  5  .    The increase in net cash provided by operating activities is primarily attributable to the after-tax proceeds related to the formation of the JV between Woodward and GE ( JV Proceeds ). 

For fiscal year 2016, adjusted f  ree cash fl  ow, which we define as net cash flows provided by operating activities less payments for property, plant and equipment and less the JV Proceeds, was $104,687  , compared   to $9,378 for fiscal year 2015.  The increase is primarily attributable to lower payments for property, plant and equipment in fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015. 

On September 23, 2016, Woodward and one of its wholly owned subsidiaries each entered into a series of note purchase agreements (the  2016 Note Purchase Agreements ) relating to the sale by Woodward and its wholly owned subsidiary of an aggregate principal amount of      160,000 of its unsecured notes to various third parties in a series of private placement transactions.  We used the net proceeds from the issuance of these notes to repay amounts outstanding under our revolving credit agreement.    

At September 30, 201  6  , we held $  81,090   in cash and cash equivalents, and had total outstanding debt of $  729,244   with additional borrowing availability of $  835,470  , net of outstanding letters of credit, under our   revolving credit a  greement.  There was additional borrowing capacity of $  44,001     under various foreign lines of credit and foreign overdraft facilities. 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Other Selected Financial Data 

The following tables set forth selected consolidated statements of earnings data as a percentage of net sales for each period indicated: 

30   

Other selected financial data: 

Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures 

EBIT  ,    EBITDA, free cash flow  , and adjusted free cash flow   are financial measures not prepared and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ).  However, we believe these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures provide additional information that enables readers to evaluate our business from the perspective of management. 

Earnings based non-U.S. GAAP financial measures 

Management uses EBIT to evaluate Woodward s performance without financing and tax related considerations, as these elements may not fluctuate with operating results.  Management uses EBITDA in evaluating Woodward s operating performance, making business decisions, including developing budgets, managing expenditures, forecasting future periods, and evaluating capital structure impacts of various strategic scenarios.  Securities analysts, investors and others frequently use EBIT and EBITDA in their evaluation of companies, particularly those with significant property, plant, and equipment, and intangible assets subject to amortization. 

EBIT and EBITDA for the fiscal years ended September 30  , 201  6  , September 30, 201  5  , and September   30  , 201  4   were as follows: 

The use of these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  As EBIT and EBITDA exclude certain financial information compared with net earnings, the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, users of this financial information should consider the information that is excluded.  Our calculations of EBIT and EBITDA may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures.  

Cash flow-based non-U.S. GAAP financial measures       

Management uses free cash flow, which is defined by the Company as net cash flows provided by operating activities less payments for property, plant and equipment,   as well as adjusted free cash flow  , which is defined by the Company as free cash flow less the   JV Proceeds  , in reviewing the financial performance of Woodward s various business groups and evaluating cash levels.    In addition, s  ecurities analysts, investors, and others frequently use free cash flow in their evaluation of companies.  The use of these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation of, or as substitutes for, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  Neither free cash flow nor   adjusted   free cash flow necessarily represent funds available for discretionary use  ,   and   neither   is   n  ecessarily a measure of our ability to fund our cash needs  .  In particular, the   net proceeds received in connection with the formation of the JV     was a discrete positive cash flow event not expected to recur  .  Our calculation  s   of free cash flow and   adjusted   free cash flow may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 

31   

Free cash flow and   adjusted   free cash flow   for the   fiscal years ended September   30, 2016  , September 30, 2015,   and   September   30, 201  4   were as follows: 

201  6   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

201  6   Sales Compared to 201  5 

Consolidated net sales in fiscal year 201  6     decreased     0.7  % to $  2,023,078   from $  2,038,303   in fiscal year 201  5  .  Details of the changes in consolidated net sales are as follows: 

The decrease in net sales for fiscal year 2016 was primarily attributable to continued weakness across nearly all our Industrial segment markets, partially offset by increased commercial aftermarket and defense sales in the Aerospace segment markets. 

Our net sales were negatively impacted by $14,885 in fiscal year 2016 by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to fiscal year 2015.  Nearly all of the foreign currency impact to our net sales was realized through our Industrial segment, primarily due to changes in the EUR. 

Our worldwide sales activities are primarily denominated in USD, EUR, GBP, Japanese Yen ( JPY ), Brazilian Real ( BRL ), and Chinese Renminbi ( RMB ).  As the USD, EUR, GBP, JPY, BRL and RMB fluctuate against each other and other currencies, we are exposed to gains or losses on sales transactions.  For additional information on foreign currency exchange rate risk, please refer to the risk factor titled  We derive a significant portion of our revenues from non-U.S. sales and are subject to the risks inherent in doing business in other countries  set forth under the caption  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K     and Item 7A,  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk,  

201  6   Costs and Expenses Compared to 201  5 

Costs and expenses for fiscal year 2016 include special charges, recorded in the first quarter, totaling approximately $16,100 ($13,300 included in cost of goods sold, $1,700 included in selling, general and administrative expenses, and $1,100 included in research and development costs) related to our efforts to consolidate facilities, reduce costs and address current market conditions.  Cost savings realized during fiscal year 2016 related to these charges generally offset the expenses recorded in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016.   

Cost of goods sold     increased   by $  21,822   to $  1,475,540  , or   72.9  %   of net sales,   for fiscal year 201  6   from $  1,453,718  , or 71.  3  % of net sales, for fiscal year 201  5  .    The   increase   in cost of goods sold is   primarily   attributable to   the inclusion in fiscal year 2016 of   approximately $13,300 of special charges recorded in the first quarter, as described   above.  In addition, cost of goods sold increased due to increased   sales in our Aerospace segment and planned new facility start-up expenses for our new Rockford-area and Colorado facilities  , partially offset by the effects of lower sales volume in our Industrial segment  .   

G  ross margin (as measured by net sales less cost of goods sold, divided by net sales) was   27.1  % for fiscal year 201  6  , compared to 28.  7  % for fiscal year 201  5.    Gross margin for fiscal year 2016 was lower compared to fiscal year 2015, primarily related to the inclusion in cost of goods sold of approximately $13,300 of special charges in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, as well as planned new facility start-up expenses for our new Rockford-area and Colorado facilities. 

32   

Selling, general, and administrative expenses     decreased   by $  2,044  , or   1.3  %, to $  154,951   for fiscal year 201  6   as compared to $  156,995   for fiscal year 201  5  .  Selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales   was 7.7% for both   fiscal year 201  6     and   fiscal year 201  5  .    The   d  ecrease in selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2016 was due to the inclusion   in fiscal year 2015   of expenses associated with our negotiations to enter into the JV agreement with GE for which there is no equivalent expense in fiscal year 2016, as well as normal variability in costs.  In fiscal year 2016, these decreases were partially offset by the special charges of $1,700 described above.  

Research and development costs   decreased by $  8,315  , or   6.2  %, to $  126,170   for fiscal year 201  6  , as compared to $  134,485   for fiscal year 201  5  .  Research and development costs decreased as a percentage of net sales to   6.2  % for   fiscal year 201  6   as compared to 6.  6  % for fiscal year 201  5  .    Research and development costs in fiscal year 2016 were impacted by variability in the timing of projects and expenses.  In addition, fiscal year 2016 includes the special charges of $1,100 described above.  Our research and development activities extend across almost all of our customer base, and we anticipate ongoing variability in research and development due to the timing of customer business needs on current and future programs 

Amortization of intangible assets   decreased to $  27,486   for fiscal year 201  6  , compared to $  29,241   for fiscal year 201  5  .  As a percentage of net sales, amortization of intangible assets   were 1.4  % for   both   fiscal year 201  6 and   fiscal year 201  5  .    The decrease in amortization expense was primarily related to certain intangible assets becoming fully amortized during fiscal year 2015. 

Interest expense   increased   to $  26,776  , or   1.3  % of net sales, for fiscal year 201  6  , compared to $  24,864  , or 1.  2  % of net sales, for fiscal year 201  5  .    The increase in interest expense was primarily attributable to lower amounts of capitalized interest in fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015, as capital projects have been completed. 

Income taxes   were provided at an effective rate on earnings before income taxes of   20.2  % for fiscal year 201  6  , compared to   24.7  % for fiscal year 201  5  .  The changes in components of our effective tax rate (as a percentage of earnings before income taxes) were attributable to the following: 

The decrease in the year-over-year effective tax rate for fiscal year 2016 is primarily attributable to the permanent extension, in fiscal year 2016, of the U.S. research and experimentation credit ( R E Credit ) and the recognition through earnings of a net excess income tax benefit from stock compensation due to the adoption of ASU 2016-09 (see Note 2,   Recent accounting pronouncements,   to the Consolidated Financial Statements in  Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ).  Additionally, there were fewer favorable resolutions, reviews of tax matters, and lapses of applicable statutes of limitation in fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015. 

The total amount of the gross liability for worldwide unrecognized tax benefits reported in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets was $  23,526   at September 30, 201  6   and $  21,469   at September 30, 201  5  .  At September 30, 201  6  , the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would impact Woodward s effective tax rate, if recognized, was $  11,426  .  At this time, we estimate it is reasonably possible that the liability for unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by as much as $  8,433   in the next twelve months due to a number of factors including the completion of reviews by tax authorities and the expiration of certain statutes of limitations.  We accrue for potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense.  Woodward had accrued interest and penalties of $  1,273 as of September 30, 2016   and $  859   as of September 30, 201  5  . 

Woodward s tax returns are subject to audits by U.S. federal, state, and foreign tax authorities, and these audits are at various stages of completion at any given time.  Reviews of tax matters by authorities and lapses of the ap  plicable statutes of limitation   may result in changes to tax expense.    F  iscal years remaining open to examination in significant fo  reign jurisdictions include 2008   and   thereafter, and for the United States include fiscal years 2013 and thereafter.    Woodward is currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for fiscal year ended September 30, 2014  .    Woodward is generally subject to U.S. state income tax examinations for fiscal years   2012   and   the periods thereafter  . 

33   

SEGMENT RESULTS  

Woodward serves the aerospace, industrial and energy markets through   its   two reportable segments   Aerospace and   Industrial  .  Our reportable segments are aggregations of our operating segments.  See Note 20,   Segment information  , in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our segments.  The following table presents sales by segment: 

The following table presents earnings by segment: 

The following table presents earnings by segment as   a percent of segment net sales: 

2016 Segment Results Compared to 2015 

Aerospace  

Aerospace segment net sales   were $  1,233,176   for fiscal year 201  6  , up   6.2  % compared to $  1,160,883   for fiscal year 201  5.  The increase in segment net sales for fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015 was driven primarily by increased defense sales for aftermarket and orginal equipment manufacturer ( OEM ), and increased commercial aftermarket sales, partially offset by slightly weaker commercial OEM sales. 

U.S. government funds continue to be prioritized for defense platforms on which we have content.  Defense sales, for both aftermarket and OEM, continued to increase in fiscal year 2016, primarily related to conflicts in the Middle East.  Sales of smart weapons were particularly strong in fiscal year 2016, as end-customers replenish their stock. 

Commercial aftermarket sales were up in fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015, as global passenger traffic growth continues to drive aircraft utilization and our market share continues to grow.   

Commercial OEM sales were down slightly for fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015 due to lower rotorcraft OEM sales, primarily related to lower extraction demands due to depressed oil prices, as well as variability in business jet demand.  These decreases were partially offset by increases in large transport OEM sales as aircraft deliveries of narrow-body and wide-body aircraft have continued to increase based on steady airline demand and new product introductions.   

34   

Aerospace segment earnings   increased   by $  44,419  , or   23.7  %, to $  232,166   for fiscal year 201  6  ,    compared   to $  187,747   for fiscal year 201  5  .    The   net   increase   in Aerospace segment earnings for fiscal year 201  6     was due to the   follow  ing  : 

Aerospace segment earnings as a percentage of sales were   18.8  % for fiscal year 201  6  , compared to   16.2  % for fiscal year 201  5  .    The increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume, which included more high-margin aftermarket sales. 

Industrial 

Industrial     segment net sales   decreased   by 10.0  % to $  789,902   for fiscal year 201  6  , compared to $  877,420 for fiscal year 2015  .        The decrease in segment net sales for fiscal year 2016, as compared to fiscal year 2015 was driven by ongoing weakness across many of our Industrial segment markets.  In particular, further deterioration of the natural gas truck market in China and continued weakness in reciprocating engine power generation and other OEM large capital equipment projects.  This weakness was primarily due to delayed maintenance and capital infrastructure investments due to slowing economic growth in China and other global markets, as well as continued depressed oil and gas pricing.  In addition, the first quarter of fiscal year 2015 had unusually strong sales in the natural gas truck market in Asia, which was not repeated in fiscal year 2016.  This weakness was partially offset in fiscal year 2016 by strength in industrial turbomachinery aftermarket sales.   

Foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on sales of approximately $13,000 for fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015.   

Industrial   segment earnings     decreased by $  44,404  , or   35.1  %, to $  82,237   for fiscal year 201  6  ,    compared to $  126,641   for fiscal year 201  5  .  The decrease in   Industrial   segment earnings for fiscal year 201  6     was due to the   following  : 

Industrial   segment earnings as a percentage of sales were   10.4  % for fiscal year 201  6  , compared to 14.  4  % for fiscal year 201  5.  The decrease in segment earnings for year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015 was driven by the impact of lower sales volume, unfavorable product mix, and costs associated with our new facility in Colorado.  In addition, foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of $3,169 for fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015.     

Nonsegment expenses 

Nonsegment expenses   increased to $  63,166   for fiscal year 201  6  , compared to $  49,362   for fiscal year 201  5  .  As a percent of sales, nonsegment expenses increased to   3.1  % of net sales for fiscal year 201  6  , compared to 2.  4  % of net sales for fiscal year 201  5.    The increase in nonsegment expenses in fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015   is due to special charges taken in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 totaling approximately $16,100 related to our efforts to consolidate facilities, reduce costs and address market conditions.         

35   

2015   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

2015 Sales Compared to 2014 

Consolidated net sales in fiscal year 201  5   increased   1.9  % to $  2,038,303   from $  2,001,240   in fiscal year 201  4  .  Details of the changes in consolidated net sales are as follows: 

The increase in net sales for fiscal year 2015 was primarily attributable to improvements in many of our markets in both the Aerospace and Industrial segments, partially offset by the negative impacts of unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates compared to fiscal year 2014  .    In Aerospace, we saw improvements in fiscal year 2015 across all markets over fiscal year 2014.  In Industrial, we saw increased sales volume of industrial gas turbine systems and wind turbine converters, partially offset by lower sales of natural gas truck systems in Asia. 

Changes   in selling prices   and sales mix   were driven primarily by our Aerospace segment markets.   

During fiscal year 201  5  , our net sales were   negatively   impacted by $  65,573   due to   un  favorable   impacts of   fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the same period of fiscal year 201  4  .    Nearly all of the negative foreign currency impact to our net sales was realized through our Industrial segment. 

2015   Cos  ts and Expenses Compared to 2014 

Cost of goods sold   increased by $27,879 to $1,453,718, or 71.3% of net sales, for fiscal year 2015 from $1,425,839, or 71.2% of net sales, for fiscal year 2014.  The increase in cost of goods sold was primarily attributable to higher sales volumes and planned start-up costs related to our new Aerospace segment facilities, partially offset by the favorable cost impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to fiscal year 2014.   

Gross margin (as measured by net sales less cost of goods sold, divided by net sales) was 28.7% for fiscal year 2015, compared to 28.8% for fiscal year 2014.  Gross margin for fiscal year 2015 was consistent with fiscal year 2014 as fixed cost leverage on increases in sales offset planned start-up costs related to our new Aerospace segment facilities. 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses   increased by $1,656, or 1.1%, to $156,995 for fiscal year 2015 as compared to $155,339 for fiscal year 2014.  Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased as a percentage of net sales to 7.7% for fiscal year 2015 as compared to 7.8% for fiscal year 2014.  The slight increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses in fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to normal variability in costs as well as costs associated with the completion of the joint venture agreement between Woodward and GE, partially offset by the favorable cost impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the same period of fiscal year 2014  .   

Research and development costs   decreased by $3,520, or 2.6%, to $134,485 for fiscal year 2015, as compared to $138,005 for fiscal year 2014.  Research and development costs decreased as a percentage of net sales to 6.6% for fiscal year 2015 as compared to 6.9% for fiscal year 2014.  The decrease in research and development costs for fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to the favorable cost impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the same period of fiscal year 2014 in addition to the variability in the timing of projects and related milestones.       

Amortization of intangible assets   decreased   to $29,241 for fiscal year 2015, compared to $33,580 for fiscal year 2014  .    As a percentage of net sales, amortization of intangible assets decreased to 1.4% for fiscal year 2015, as compared to 1.7% for fiscal year 2014.  The decrease in amortization expense was primarily related to some intangible assets becoming fully amortized during fiscal years 2014 and 2015. 

Interest expense   increased to $24,864, or 1.2% of net sales, for fiscal year 2015, compared to $22,804, or 1.1% of net sales, for fiscal year 2014.  The increase in interest expense was primarily attributable to additional interest expense on higher levels of debt in fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014, partially offset by increased capitalized interest in fiscal year 2015 related primarily to interest capitalized to our three significant facility expansion projects.  

36   

Income taxes   were provided for   at an effective rate on earnings before income taxes of 24.7% for fiscal year 2015, compared to 27.0% for fiscal year 2014.  The changes in components of our effective tax rate (as a percentage of earnings before income taxes) were attributable to the following  : 

The decrease in the year-over-year effective tax rate for fiscal year 2015 was primarily attributable to the retroactive impact of the reinstatement of the U.S. research and experimentation credit through December 31, 2014 in fiscal year 2015.  In addition, there were fewer favorable resolutions, reviews of tax matters, and lapses of applicable statutes of limitations in fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014. 

2015 Segment Results Compared to 2014 

Aerospace  

Aerospace segment net sales   were   $1,160,883 for fiscal year 2015, up 7.1% compared to $1,084,025 for fiscal year 2014.  Increases in fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014 were driven primarily by increased sales volumes in all of our markets, with the highest increase in commercial OEM and defense aftermarket sales.    

Commercial OEM aircraft deliveries of narrow-body and wide-body aircraft continued to increase in fiscal year 2015 based on steady airline demand and new product introductions.  Business aviation sales increased primarily due to new aircraft introductions.  The commercial aftermarket showed some quarterly variability but was up in fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014, as global passenger traffic growth continued to drive aircraft utilization and Woodward s market share continued to grow. 

U.S. government sustainment funds continue to be prioritized to defense aircraft platforms on which we have content and continued to see significant utilization for military operations.  Defense sales, for both aftermarket and OEM, increased in fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014, primarily related to conflicts in the Middle East. 

Aerospace segment earnings   increased by $28  ,547, or 17.9%, to $187,747 for fiscal year 2015,   compared to $159,200 for fiscal year 2014.  The net increase in Aerospace segment earnings for fiscal year 2015   was due to the following  : 

Aerospace segment earnings as a percentage of sales were 16.2% for fiscal year 2015, compared to 14.7% for fiscal year 2014.  The increase was primarily attributable to increased sales, partially offset by increased manufacturing expenses primarily related to planned start-up costs related to our new facilities. 

Industrial 

Industrial     segment net sales   decreased   4.3% to $877,420 for fiscal year 2015, compared to $917,215 for fiscal year 2014.  The decrease in segment net sales for fiscal year 2015 as compared to the same period of fiscal year 2014 was driven primarily by the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of approximately $63,700.  If foreign currency exchange rates had remained constant between fiscal year 2015 and 2014, sales would have increased in fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014 primarily related to increased sales volume of industrial gas turbine systems and wind turbine converters, partially offset by lower sales of natural gas truck systems in Asia.   

37   

Industrial   segment earnings   decreased   by $7,637, or 5.7%, to $126,641 for fiscal year 2015,   compared to $134,278 for fiscal year 2014.  The net decrease in   Industrial   segment earnings   for fiscal year 2015 was due to the   follow  ing  : 

Industrial segment earnings as a percentage of sales were 14.4% for fiscal year 2015, compared to 14.6% for fiscal year 2014.  The slight decrease in segment earnings for fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily attributable to the   unfavorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by the effects of   increased sales volume.   

Nonsegment expenses 

Nonsegment expenses   increased to $49,362 for fiscal year 2015, compared to $43,701 for fiscal year 2014.  As a percent of sales, nonsegment expenses increased to 2.4% of net sales for fiscal year 2015, compared to 2.2% of net sales for fiscal year 2014.  The increase in nonsegment expenses in fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to normal variability in costs, as well as costs associated with the completion of the joint venture agreement between Woodward and GE of approximately $2,000. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Historically, we have satisfied our working capital needs, as well as capital expenditures, product development and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations, with cash flow provided by operating activities and borrowing  s under our credit facilities.    Historically, we have also issued debt to supplement our cash needs or repay our other indebtedness.    We expect that cash generated from our operating activities, together with borrowings under our revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to fund our continuing operating needs, including capital expansion funding for the foreseeable future. 

Our aggregate cash and cash equivalents were $  81,090   at   September   30, 2016 and $82,202 at September 30, 2015, and our working capital was $  463,811   at   September   30, 2016 and $  579,  211   at September 30, 2015.  Of the $  81,090   of cash and cash equivalents held at   September   30, 2016, $  80,745   was held by our foreign locations.  We are not presently aware of any significant restrictions on the repatriation of these funds, although a portion is considered indefinitely reinvested in these foreign subsidiaries.  If these funds were needed to fund our operations or satisfy obligations in the United States, then they could be repatriated and their repatriation into the United States may cause us to incur additional U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes.  Any additional U.S. taxes could be offset, in part or in whole, by foreign tax credits.  The amount of such taxes and application of tax credits would be dependent on the income tax laws and other circumstances at the time these amounts are repatriated.  Based on these variables, it is impractical to determine the income tax liability that might be incurred if these funds were to be repatriated.  

On September 23, 2016, Woodward and   a wholly owned subsidiary of Woodward   entered into the 2016 Note Purchase Agreements relating to the sale of an aggregate principal amount of      160,000 of senior unsecured notes in a series of private placement transactions.    The notes issued under the 2016 Note Purchase Agreements have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, or elsewhere, and they may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.  Holders of the notes under the 2016 Note Purchase Agreements are not entitled to any registration rights.  For further discussion of the 2016 Note Purchase Agreements, see   Note 12,   Credit facilities, short-term borrowings and long-term debt   in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in    Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.     We used the net proceeds from the issuance of the notes to repay amounts outstanding under our revolving credit agreement.    

Our revolving credit facility matures in April 2020 and provides a borrowing capacity of up to $1,000,000 with the option to increase total available borrowings to up to $1,200,000, subject to lenders  participation.  We can borrow against our $1,000,000 revolving credit facility as long as we are in compliance with all of our debt covenants.  Historically, we have used borrowings under our revolving credit facilities to meet certain short-term working capital needs, as well as for strategic uses, including repurchases of our common stock, payments of dividends, acquisitions, and facilities expansions.  In addition, we have various foreign credit facilities, some of which are tied to net amounts on deposit at certain foreign financial institutions.  These foreign credit facilities are reviewed annually for renewal.  We use borrowings under these foreign credit facilities to finance certain local operations on a periodic basis.  For further discussion of our $1,000,000 revolving credit facility and our other credit facilities, see Note 12,   Credit facilities, short-term borrowings and long-term debt   in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in    Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  

38   

O  n October 1, 2015, Woodward paid the entire principal balance of $50,000 on the Series C notes, and on April 4, 2016, Woodward paid the entire principal balance of $57,000 on the Series E notes  .    The Series C notes and the Series E notes are described at Note 12,   Credit facilities, short-term borrowings and long-term debt   in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in  Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.     These payments were made u  sing borrowings on our revolving credit facility. 

At   September   30, 2016, we had total outstanding debt of $  729,244   consisting of outstanding amounts under our revolving credit facility and various series of unsecured notes due between 2018 and 2031  , with additional borrowing availability of $  835,470   under our revolving credit facility, net of outstanding letters of credit, and additional borrowing availability of $  44,001   under various foreign credit facilities.    For further discussion of our indebtedness and our additional borrowing capacity, see Note 12,   Credit facilities, short-term borrowings and long-term debt   in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in  Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  

At   September   30, 2016, we had $  156,700   of borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility, of which $  150,000   was classified as short-term and the remainder was classified as long-term.        Revolving credit facility and short-term borrowing activity during the   fiscal year   ended   September   30, 2016 were as follows: 

We believe we were in compliance with all our debt covenants at   September   30, 2016.  See Note 12,   Credit facilities, short-term borrowings and long-term debt  ,   to the Consolidated Financial Statements in    Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    for more information about our covenants. 

In addition to utilizing our cash resources to fund the working capital needs of our business, we evaluate additional strategic uses of our funds, including the repurchase of our common stock, payment of dividends, significant capital expenditures, consideration of strategic acquisitions and other potential uses of cash.  

Our ability to service our long-term debt, to remain in compliance with the various restrictions and covenants contained in our debt agreements, and to fund working capital, capital expenditures and product development efforts will depend on our ability to generate cash from operating activities, which in turn is subject to, among other things, future operating performance as well as general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other conditions, some of which may be beyond our control. 

On January 4, 2016, we consummated the formation of a strategic joint venture between Woodward and GE.  GE purchased from Woodward a 50% ownership interest in the JV for a $250,000 cash payment to Woodward.  In addition, GE will pay contingent consideration to Woodward consisting of fiftee  n annual payments of $4,894   per year beginning January 4, 2017 subject to certain claw-back conditions.  The $250,000 cash consideration received from GE on January 4, 2016 is taxable in the U.S. upon receipt.  The taxes of approximately $95  ,000   associated with this cash consideration   were   paid through estimated payments made during   fiscal   year 2016.   

As previously announced, we completed $125,000 of share repurchases through an accelerated stock repurchase program in second half of fiscal year 2015.  This was part of a previously announced $250,000 stock repurchase initiative.  In the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, we executed a 10b5-1 plan to repurchase up to $125,000 of our common stock for a period that ended on April 20, 2016.  During   the   fiscal year   ended September 30,   2016, we purchased   2,635   shares of our common stock for $125,000 under the 10b5-1 plan, using a portion of the $250,000 received from GE.   

For our Aerospace segment, in fiscal year 2015 we completed construction of a manufacturing and office building on a second campus in the greater-Rockford, Illinois area and have since occupied the new facility in anticipation of beginning serial production of new narrow-body product lines beginning in fiscal year 2017.  This campus is intended to support the expected growth in our Aerospace segment over the next ten years and beyond, as a result of our being awarded a substantial number of new system platforms, particularly on narrow-body aircraft.  We have been purchasing production equipment for the second campus and anticipate continuing such purchases   as new aircraft platforms ramp up to full production volumes.  

We completed construction of a new campus at our corporate headquarters in Fort Collins, Colorado to support the future growth of our Industrial segment by supplementing our existing Colorado manufacturing facilities and corporate headquarters.  We began occupying the new manufacturing facility during the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 and we continue to purchase production equipment for this new campus.   

We believe that cash flows from operations, along with our contractually committed borrowings and other borrowing capability, will continue to be sufficient to fund anticipated capital spending requirements and our operations for the foreseeable future.  However, we could be adversely affected if the financial institutions providing our capital requirements refuse to honor their contractual commitments, cease lending, or declare bankruptcy.  We believe the lending institutions participating in our credit arrangements are financially stable. 

39   

Cash Flows 

201  6   Cash Flows Compared to 201  5 

Net cash flows provided by operating activities   for fiscal year 201  6   was $  435,379  , compared to $  295,990   in fiscal year 201  5  .    The increase in net cash provided by operating activities is primarily attributable to the after-tax proceeds related to the formation of the JV between Woodward and GE.   

Net cash flows used in investing activities   for fiscal year 201  6   was $  173,946  , compared to $  284,083   in fiscal year 201  5  .  The   decrease   in cash used in investing activities compared to the same period of the prior fiscal year is due to   decreased payments for capital expenditures  .  Payments for property, plant and equipment   decreased   by $  110,920   to $  175,692   in fiscal year 201  6   as compared to $  286,612   in fiscal year 201  5   related mainly to the development of a second campus in the greater-Rockford, Illinois area,   the   new facility in Niles, Illinois, and   the   new campus   at     our   Fort Collins, Colorado   headquarters  .        The manufacturing and office building in the greater-Rockford, Illinois area and the new facility in Niles, Illinois were both completed in fiscal year 2015.  Our Fort Collins campus was completed in fiscal year 2016. 

Net cash flows used in financing activities   for fiscal year 201  6   was $  260,993  , compared to   $34,006   in fiscal year 201  5  .  During fiscal year 201  6  , we had net debt   payments   of $  123,875   compared to net debt borrowings of $  143,361   in fiscal year 201  5  .  We utilized $  125,000   to repurchase   2,635   shares of our common stock in fiscal year 201  6   under our existing stock repurchase program, compared to $  157,160   to repurchase 3,  128   shares of our common stock in fiscal year 201  5  . 

2015   Cash Flows Compared to 201  4 

Net cash flows provided by operating activities   for fiscal year 2015 was $295,990, compared to $273,570 in fiscal year 2014.  The increase is primarily attributable to increased earnings in fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014.   

Net cash flows used in investing activities   for fiscal year 2015 was $284,083, compared to $205,829 in fiscal year 2014.  The increase in cash used in investing activities in fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014 was due to increases in capital expenditures.  P  ayments for property, plant and equipment increased by $79,506 to $286,612 in fiscal year 2015 as compared to $207,106 in fiscal year 2014   related mainly to the development of a second campus in the greater-Rockford, Illinois area, the new facility in Niles, Illinois, and the new campus at our Fort Collins, Colorado     headquarters. 

Net cash flows used in financing activities   for fiscal year 2015 was $34,006, compared to net cash flows provided by financing activities of $3,990 in fiscal year 2014.    During fiscal year 2015, we had net debt borrowings of $143,361 compared to net debt borrowings of $160,002 in fiscal year 2014.  We utilized $157,160 to repurchase 3,128 shares of our common stock in fiscal year 2015 under our existing stock repurchase program, compared to $141,488 to repurchase 3,272 shares of our common stock in fiscal year 2014. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of   September   30, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues, or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources, that are material to investors. 

40   

Contractual Obligations 

A summary of our consolidated contractual obligations and commitments as of September 30, 201  6   is as follows: 

(1) 

Interest obligations on floating rate debt instruments are calculated for future periods using interest rates in effect as of September 30, 201  6  .  See   Note 12,   Credit facilities, short-term borrowings and long-term debt  , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in  Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for further details on our long-term debt.     

(2) 

Purchase obligations include amounts committed under legally enforceable contracts or purchase orders for goods and services with defined terms as to price, quantity, delivery, and termination liability.     

(3) 

The $  23,526   included in other obligations in the  Thereafter  column represents our best reasonable estimate for uncertain tax positions at this time and may change in future periods, as the timing of the payments and whether such payments will actually be required cannot be reasonably estimated.     

The above table does not reflect the following items: 

As of September 30, 2016, there were $156,700 of outstanding borrowings on our revolving credit facility, of which $150,000   were classified as short-term based on   our   intent and ability to pay this amount in the next twelve months.    Our revolving credit facility matures in April 2020.     

Contributions to our retirement pension benefit plans, which we estimate will total approximately $  713   in fiscal year 201  7  .  As of September 30, 201  6   our pension plans were underfunded by $  24,137   based on projected benefit obligations.  Statutory pension contributions in future fiscal years will vary as a result of a number of factors, including actual plan asset returns and interest rates.     

Contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans, which we estimate will total $  4,039   in fiscal year 201  7  .  Other postretirement contributions are made on a  pay-as-you-go  basis as payments are made to healthcare providers, and such contributions will vary as a result of changes in the future cost of postretirement healthcare benefits provided for covered retirees.  As of September 30, 201  6  , our other postretirement benefit plans were     underfunded by $  35,630   based on projected benefit obligations.      

Business commitments made to certain customers to perform under long-term product development projects, some of which may result in near-term financial losses.  Such losses, if any, are recognized whe  n they become likely to occur.     

In connection with the sale of the   Fuel         P  neumatics   product line during fiscal year 2009, Woodward assigned to a subsidiary of the purchaser its rights and responsibilities related to certain contracts with the U.S. Government.  Woodward provided to the U.S. Government a customary guarantee of the purchaser s subsidiary s obligations under the contracts.  The purchaser and its affiliates have agreed to indemnify Woodward for any liability incurred with respect to the guarantee.  

Guarantees and letters of credit totaling approximately $  8,073   were outstanding as of September 30, 201  6  , some of which were secured by parent guarantees from Woodward or by Woodward line of credit facilities.   

In the event of a change in control of Woodward, as defined in change-in-control agreements with our current corporate officers, we may be required to pay termination benefits to such officers. 

New Accounting Standards 

From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) or other standards-setting bodies issue new accounting pronouncements.  Updates to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification are communicated through issuance of an Accounting Standards Update.  Unless otherwise discussed, we believe that the impact of recently issued guidance, whether  

41   

adopted or to be adopted in the future, is not expected to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements upon adoption. 

To understand the impact of recently issued guidance, whether adopted or to be adopted, please review the information provided in   our   Note 2,   New accounting standards  ,    to the Consolidated Financial Statements in  Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes.  Note     1,   Operations and summary of significant accounting policies,   to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements.  The estimates and assumptions described below are those that we consider to be most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they involve significant judgments and uncertainties.  All of these estimates reflect our best judgment about current, and for some estimates, future economic and market conditions and their effects based on information available as of the date of these financial statements.  As estimates are updated or actual amounts are known, our critical accounting estimates are revised, and operating results may be affected by the revised estimates.  Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.   

Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee has reviewed our disclosures in this   Management s Discussion and Analysis. 

Revenue recognition 

Woodward recognizes revenue when the following criteria are met:  

1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,  

2) delivery of the product has occurred or services have been rendered,  

3) price is fixed or determinable, and  

4) collectability is reasonably assured.   

In implementing the four criteria stated above, we have found that determining when the risks and rewards of ownership have passed to the customer, which determines whether persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists and if delivery has occurred, may require judgment.  The passage of title indicates transfer of the risks and rewards of ownership from Woodward to the customer; however, contract- and customer-specific circumstances are reviewed by management to ensure that transfer of title constitutes the transfer of the risks and rewards of ownership.   

Examples of situations requiring management review and judgment, with respect to the passage of the risks and rewards of ownership, include: interpretation of customer-specific contract terms, situations where substantive performance obligations exist, such as completion of product testing that remain after product delivery to the customer, situations that require customer acceptance (or in some instances regulatory acceptance) of the product, and situations in countries whose laws provide for retention of some form of title by sellers such that Woodward is able to recover goods in the event a customer defaults on payment.   

Based on management s determination, if the risks and rewards of ownership have not passed to the customer, revenue is deferred until this requirement is met. 

Inventory  

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value.  Inventory cost is determined using methods that approximate the first-in, first-out basis.  We include product costs, labor and related fixed and variable overhead in the cost of inventories.   

Inventory net realizable values are determined by giving substantial consideration to the expected product selling price.  We estimate expected selling prices based on our historical recovery rates, general economic and market conditions, the expected channel of disposition, and current customer contracts and preferences.  Actual results may differ from our estimates due to changes in resale or market value and the mix of these factors.  Management monitors inventory for events or circumstances, such as negative margins, recent sales history suggesting lower sales value, or changes in customer preferences, which would indicate the net realizable value of inventory is less than the carrying value of inventory, and management records adjustments as necessary.  When inventory is written down below cost, such reduced amount is considered the cost for subsequent accounting purposes.  Our recording of inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value has not historically required material adjustments once initially established. 

42   

The carrying value of inventory was $  461,683   at September 30, 201  6   and $  447,664   at September 30, 201  5  .  If economic conditions, customer product requirements, or other factors significantly reduce future customer demand for our products from forecast levels, then future adjustments to the carrying value of inventory may become necessary.  We attempt to maintain inventory quantities at levels considered necessary to fill expected orders in a reasonable time frame, which we believe mitigates our exposure to future inventory carrying cost adjustments. 

Depreciation and amortization 

The carrying value of property, plant and equipment was $  876,350   at September 30, 201  6   and $  756,100   at September 30, 201  5  .  Depreciation expense was $  41,550   in fiscal year 201  6  , $  45,994   in fiscal year 201  5   and $  43,773   in fiscal year 201  4  .  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is generally computed using the straight-line method, which requires estimates of asset useful lives and ultimate salvage value.  

In fiscal year 2015, we completed construction of a manufacturing and office building for our Aerospace segment on a second campus in the greater-Rockford, Illinois area and began occupying the new facility.  This campus is intended to support the expected growth in our Aerospace segment over the next ten years and beyond, necessitated as a result of our being awarded a substantial number of new system platforms, particularly on narrow-body aircraft.  In addition,   i  n fiscal year 2015, w  e completed an addition to and renovation of a building in Niles, Illinois that we had acquired in September 2013.  Most of our operations that formerly resided in nearby Skokie, Illinois, were relocated to this new facility in fiscal year 2015.   

W  e completed construction of a manufacturing   building for our Industrial segment   and    a     corporate headquarters building on a second campus in Fort Collins, Colorado  .  Thi  s campus is intended to support the future growth of our Industrial segment by supplementing our existing Colorado manufacturing facilities.  We began occupying the new campus in our second quarter of fiscal year 2016. 

Concurrent with and in relation to our significant investment in three new campuses and related equipment, Woodward initiated a comprehensive review of its depreciation lives as required by U.S. GAAP to evaluate the estimates of the useful lives of Woodward assets.  This review resulted in estimates of the useful lives of both existing and new assets generally in excess of those utilized prior to fiscal year 2016.  The revised estimates were used in fiscal year 2016 and will be used going forward and resulted in a downward adjustment of depreciation on existing assets of approximately $12,000 for fiscal year 2016. 

The carrying value of intangible assets was $  197,650   at September 30, 201  6   and $  225,138   at September 30, 201  5  .  Amortization expense was $  27,486   in fiscal year 201  6  , $  29,241   in fiscal year 201  5   and $  33,580   in fiscal year 201  4  .  Amortization of intangible assets is generally computed using patterns that reflect the periods over which the economic benefits of the assets are expected to be realized.  Impairment losses are recognized if the carrying amount of an intangible is both not estimated to be recoverable and exceeds it fair value.  

Reviews for impairment of goodwill  

At September 30, 201  6  , we had $  555,684   of goodwill, representing   21  % of our total assets.  At September 30, 201  5  , we had $  556,977   of goodwill, representing 2  2  % of our total assets.    The change in the value of goodwill is due to changes in foreign currency exchanges rates between September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016.    G  oodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount.  Based on the relevant U.S. GAAP authoritative guidance, we aggregate components of a single operating segment into a reporting unit, if appropriate.    For purposes of performing the impairment tests, we identify reporting units in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  The identification of reporting units and consideration of aggregation criteria requires management judgment.  The impairment tests consist of comparing the fair value of reporting units, determined using discounted cash flows, with their carrying amount including goodwill.  If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we compare the implied fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount.  If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill, an impairment loss would be recognized to reduce the carrying amount to its implied fair value.    Woodward has not recorded any impairment charges  . 

Woodward completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of July 31, 201  6   for the fiscal year ended September 30, 201  6   during the fourth quarter.  At that date, Woodward determined it was appropriate to aggregate certain components of the same operating segment into a single reporting unit.  The fair value of each of Woodward s reporting units was determined using an income approach based on a discounted cash flow method.  This method represents a Level 3 input and incorporates various estimates and assumptions, the most significant being projected revenue growth rates, earnings margins, future tax rates and the present value, based on an estimated weighted-average cost of capital (or the discount rate) and terminal growth rate, of forecasted cash flows.  Management projects revenue growth rates, earnings margins and cash flows based on each reporting unit s current operational results, expected performance and operational strategies over a ten-year period.  These projections are adjusted to reflect current economic conditions and demand for certain products, and require considerable management judgment. 

43   

Forecasted cash flows used in the July 31, 201  6   impairment test were discounted using weighted-average cost of capital assumptions ranging from   8.91  % to   11.49  %.  The terminal values of the forecasted cash flows were calculated using the Gordon Growth Model and assumed an annual compound growth rate after ten years of   3.71  %.  These inputs, which are unobservable in the market, represent management s best estimate of what market participants would use in determining the present value of the Company s forecasted cash flows.  Changes in these estimates and assumptions can have a significant impact on the fair value of forecasted cash flows.  Woodward evaluated the reasonableness of the reporting units resulting fair values utilizing a market multiple method. 

The results of Woodward s annual goodwill impairment test performed as of July 31, 201  6  , indicated the estimated fair value of each reporting unit was significantly in excess of its carrying value, and accordingly, no impairment existed.  Increasing the discount rate by 20%, decreasing the growth rate by 20%, or decreasing forecasted cash flow by 20%, would also not have resulted in an impairment charge at July 31, 201  6  . 

As part of the Company s ongoing monitoring efforts to assess goodwill for possible indications of impairment, we will continue to consider a wide variety of factors, including but not limited to the global economic environment and its potential impact on Woodward s business.  There can be no assurance that our estimates and assumptions regarding forecasted cash flows of certain reporting units, the current economic environment, or the other inputs used in forecasting the present value of forecasted cash flows will prove to be accurate projections of future performance. 

Postretirement benefits 

The Company provides various benefits to certain employees through defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.  A September 30 measurement date is used to value plan assets and obligations for all Woodward defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans.  For financial reporting purposes, net periodic benefits expense and related obligations are calculated using a number of significant actuarial assumptions, including anticipated discount rates, rates of compensation increases, long-term return on defined benefit plan investments, and anticipated healthcare cost increases.  Based on these actuarial assumptions, at September 30, 201  6  , our recorded assets and liabilities included a net liability of $  24,137   for our defined benefit pension plans and a   net   liability of $  35,630   for other postretirement benefit plans.  Changes in net periodic expense or the amounts of recorded assets and liabilities may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions.    

Estimates of the value of postretirement benefit obligations, and related net periodic benefits expense, are dependent on actuarial assumptions, including future interest rates, compensation rates, mortality trends, healthcare cost trends, and returns on defined benefit plan investments. 

It should be noted that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously, and the effects of changes in assumptions are not necessarily linear due to factors such as the 10% corridor applied to the larger of the postretirement benefit obligation or the fair market value of plan assets used to determine the amortization of actuarial net gains or losses.   

During fiscal year 2015, the SEC staff expressed its acceptance for companies applying an alternative accounting approach for using discount rates to measure the components of net periodic benefit cost for postretirement benefit plan obligations.  Specifically, the SEC staff stated that it would not object to companies  use of an alternative approach that focuses on measuring the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost by using individual spot rates derived from a high-quality corporate bond yield curve and matched with separate cash flows for each future year instead of a single weighted-average discount rate approach.  Further, the SEC staff stated it would not object to companies treating the change in approach as a change in estimate.  We elected to change our estimate in the determination of discount rate assumptions to determine periodic benefit costs effective for fiscal year 2016   and years thereafter   for our defined benefit pension   plans in the United Kingdom and Japan, and the other postretirement plan in the United Kingdom  .  This change in estimate had   an     insignificant   impact on the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic b  enefit cost in fiscal year 2016  . 

Mortality assumptions are based on published mortality studies developed primarily based on past experience of the broad population and modified for projected longevity trends.  The projected benefit obligations in the United States as of September 30, 201  6 and September 30, 2015   was based on the Society of Actuaries ( SOA ) RP-2014 Mortality Tables Report projected back to 200  6   using the SOA s Mortality Improvement Scale MP-2014 ( MP-2014 ) and projected forward using a custom projection scale based on MP-2014 with a 10-year convergence period and a long-term rate of 0.75%.  As of September 30, 201  6   and September 30, 201  5  , mortality assumptions in Japan were based on the Standard rates 2014  , and   mortality assumptions for   the United Kingdom   were based on the Self-administered pension scheme ( SAPS ) S2  all  tables with a projected 1.5% annual improvement rate.  

Primary actuarial assumptions for our defined benefit pension plans were determined as follows: 

The discount rate assumption is intended to reflect the rate at which the retirement benefits could be effectively settled   based upon the assumed timing of the benefit payments.      

44   

In the United States, Woodward uses   a bond portfolio matching analysis based on recently traded, non-callable bonds rated AA or better that have at least $50 million   outstanding t  o determine the benefit obligations at year end.   

In the United Kingdom and Japan, Woodward use  s   a high-quality corporate bond yield curve matched with separate cash flows to develop a single rate to determine the single rate equivalent to settle the entire benefit obligations in each jurisdiction.    For   the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, the discount rate used to determine periodic service cost and interest cost components of the overall benefit costs was based on spot rates derived from the same high-quality corporate bond yield curve used to   determine the September 30, 2015   benefit obligation matched with separate cash flows for each future year.      Prior to this change in method, the discount rate used to determine the periodic benefit costs for the years ending   September   3  0  , 2015 and 2014 was based on a single rate equivalent. 

These rates are sensitive to changes in interest rates. 

Compensation increase assumptions, where applicable, are based upon historical experience and anticipated future management actions.  An increase in the rate would increase our obligation and expense.      

Mortality trends assumptions are based on published actuarial data and are sometimes modified to reflect projected longevity trends.  Increases in life expectancy of participants greater than assumed would increase our obligation and expense.     

In determining the long-term rate of return on plan assets, we consider the asset investment mix for each plan.  For example, fixed-income securities generally have a lower rate of return than equity securities.  We assume that the historical long-term compound growth rates of similar equity and fixed-income securities will predict the future returns of investments in the various plan portfolios.  We consider the potential impacts of changes in general market conditions, but because our assumptions are based on long-term rates of return, short-term market conditions generally have an insignificant effect on our assumptions.  Changes in asset allocations are managed on a plan-by-plan basis, taking into consideration factors such as the average age of the plan participants and the projected timing of future benefit payments.        

If, as of the beginning of the year, the net plan gain or loss recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income exceeds 10% of the greater of the plan projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets, the amortization out of accumulated other comprehensive income into current period expense is that excess divided by the average remaining service period of employees expected to receive benefits under the plan.     

Primary actuarial assumptions for our other postretirement benefit plans were determined as follows: 

The discount rate assumption is intended to reflect the rate at which the postretirement benefits could be effectively   settled based upon the assumed timing of the benefit payments.       

In the United States, Woodward uses a bond portfolio matching analysis based on recently traded, non-callable bonds rated AA or better that have at least $50 million outstanding to determine the benefit obligations at year end.   

In the United Kingdom, Woodward uses a high-quality corporate bond yield curve matched with separate cash flows to develop a single rate to determine the single rate equivalent to settle the entire benefit obligations in each jurisdiction.  For the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, the discount rate used to determine periodic service cost and interest cost components of the overall benefit costs was based on spot rates derived from the same high-quality corporate bond yield curve used to determine the September 30, 2015 benefit obligation matched with separate cash  

45   

flows for each future year.  Prior to this change in method, the discount rate used to determine the periodic benefit costs for the years ending September 30, 2015 and 2014 was based on a single rate equivalent. 

These rates are sensitive to changes in interest rates. 

Mortality trends assumptions are based on published actuarial data and are sometimes modified to reflect projected longevity trends.  Increases in life expectancy of participants greater than assumed would increase our obligation and expense.     

The assumed health care trend rate represents the rate at which health care costs are assumed to increase and is based on historical and expected experience.  Changes in our projections of future health care costs due to general economic conditions and those specific to health care (e.g., technology driven cost changes) will impact this trend rate.     

If, as of the beginning of the year, the net plan gain or loss recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income exceeds 10% of the plan accumulated postretirement benefit obligation, the amortization out of accumulated other comprehensive income into current period expense is that excess divided by the average remaining service period of employees expected to receive benefits under the plan.     

Variances from our fiscal year end estimates for these variables could materially affect our recognized postretirement benefit obligation liabilities.  On a near-term basis, such changes are unlikely to have a material impact on reported earnings, since such adjustments are recorded to other comprehensive earnings and recognized into expense over a number of years.  Significant changes in estimates could, however, materially affect the carrying amounts of benefit obligation liabilities, including accumulated benefit obligations, which could affect compliance with the provisions of our debt arrangements and future borrowing capacity.  

Income taxes  

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions.  Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. 

During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.  We establish reserves for tax-related uncertainties based on estimates of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due.  The reserves are established when we believe that certain positions are likely to be challenged and may not be fully sustained on review by tax authorities.  We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or refinement of an estimate.  Although we believe our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will be consistent with what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals.  To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the current provision for income taxes.  The provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve positions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate.  As of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, unrecognized gross tax benefits for which recognition has been deferred were $23,526 and $21,469, respectively. 

Significant judgment is also required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets.  The determination of the amount of valuation allowance to be provided on recorded deferred tax assets involves estimates regarding the timing and amount of the reversal of taxable temporary differences, expected future taxable income, and the impact of tax planning strategies.  A valuation allowance is established to offset any deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.  In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies.  Changes in the relevant facts can significantly impact the judgment or need for valuation  

46   

allowances.   In the event we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.  Our valuation allowance was $3,317 as of September 30, 2016 and $6,804 as of September 30, 2015. 

Our effective tax rates differ from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to the tax impact of foreign operations, adjustments of valuation allowances, research tax credits, state taxes, and tax audit settlements.  In addition to potential local country tax law and policy changes that could impact the provision for income taxes, management s judgment about and intentions concerning the repatriation of foreign earnings could also significantly impact the provision for income taxes. Management reassesses its judgment regularly, taking into consideration the potential tax impacts of these judgments and intentions.  

Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be affected by earnings that are different than those anticipated in countries which have lower or higher tax rates; by transfer pricing adjustments; and/or changes in tax laws, regulations, and accounting principles, including accounting for uncertain tax positions, or interpretations thereof.  There can be no assurance that these items will remain stable over time.  Additionally, with   the adoption of ASU 2016-09 (see Note 2,   New   accounting standards,   to the Consolidated Financial Statements in  Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ), Woodward will record through income tax expense all future excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies from stock options exercised.  This new guidance creates unpredictable volatility in the effective tax rate because the additional expense or benefit recognized each quarter is based on the timing of the employee s election to exercise any vested stock options outstanding, which is outside Woodward s control, and the market price of Woodward s shares at the time of exercise, which is subject to market volatility.       

In addition, we are subject to examination of our income tax returns by the relevant tax authorities in the jurisdictions in which we are subject to taxes.  We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.  There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not have a significant effect on our operating results, financial condition, and cash flows. 

Item 7A.      Quantitative and Quali    tative Disclosures About Market Risk 

In the normal course of business, we have exposures to interest rate risk from our long-term and short-term debt, and our postretirement benefit plans, and foreign currency exchange rate risk related to our foreign operations and foreign currency transactions.  

Interest Rate Risk 

We use derivative instruments as risk management tools that involve little complexity, and are not used for trading or speculative purposes.  In June 2013, in connection with Woodward s expected refinancing of current maturities on its existing long-term debt, Woodward entered into a treasury lock agreement with a notional amount of $25,000 that qualified as a cash flow hedge under ASC Topic 815,  Derivatives and Hedging.   The objective of this derivative instrument was to hedge the risk of variability in cash flows attributable to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate over a seven-year period related to the future interest payments on a portion of anticipated future debt issuances.   

A portion of our long and short-term debt is sensitive to changes in interest rates.  As of September 30, 201  6   our Series J Notes of $50,000 and advances on our revolving credit facility are at interest rates that fluctuate with market rates.  A hypothetical 1% increase in the assumed effective interest rates that apply to the variable rate loan outstanding as of September 30, 201  6   and the average borrowings on our revolving credit facility in fiscal year 201  6   would cause our annual interest expense to increase approximately $  5,129  .  A hypothe  tical 0.6  % decrease in interest rates that apply to the variable rate loan outstanding as of September 30, 201  6   and the average borrowings on our revolving credit facility, which would effectively reduce the variable component of the applicable interest rates to 0%, and would decrease our annual interest expense by approximately $  2,840  .   

The discount rate and future return on plan asset assumptions used to calculate the funding status of our retirement benefit plans are also sensitive to changes in interest rates.  The weighted average discount rate assumption used to value the defined benefit pension plans as of September 30, 201  6   was   3.65  % in the United States,   2.28  % in the United Kingdom, and   0.46  % in Japan.  The weighted average discount rate assumption used to value the other postretirement benefit plans was   3.63  %.  

In the United States, the discount rate used to determine the periodic benefit costs for the year ending September 30, 2017 is consistent with the discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation as of September 30, 2016, or 3.65%.  Woodward derives this discount rate from   a bond portfolio matching analysis based on recently traded, non-callable bonds rated AA or better that have at least $50 million   outstanding.  

In the United Kingdom and Japan, Woodward utilizes   the spot rate approach to calculate the service cost and interest cost components for determining benefit costs for the year ending September 30, 201  7  .  The weighted average discount rate assumption used to value the service costs for the defined benefit pension plans will be   2.33  % in the United Kingdom, and   0.59  % in Japan.  The weighted average discount rate assumption used to value the interest costs for the defined benefit pension plans will   be     2.24  % in the United Kingdom, and   0.45  % in Japan.   

47   

The weighted average discount rate assumption used to value the periodic benefits costs for the other postretirement plans in for the year ending September 30, 2017 is consistent with the discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation as of September 30, 2016, or 3.65% for the United States and 1.43% for the United Kingdom.  

The following information illustrates the sensitivity of the net periodic benefit cost and the projected accumulated benefit obligation to a change in the discount rate assumed.  Amounts relating to foreign plans are translated at the spot rate on September 30, 201  6  .  It should be noted that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effects of changes in assumptions are not necessarily linear due to factors such as the 10% corridor applied to the larger of the postretirement benefit obligation or the fair market value of plan assets when determining amortization of actuarial net gains or losses. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk and Related Hedging Activities 

We are impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates when we sell product in currencies different from the currency in which product and manufacturing costs were incurred.  The functional currencies and our purchasing and sales activities primarily include USD, EUR, RMB, JPY, GBP and BRL.  We may also be impacted by changes in the relative buying power of our customers, which may impact sales volumes either positively or negatively.  As these currencies fluctuate against each other, and other currencies, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk on sales, purchasing transactions, and labor.  Foreign currency exchange rate risk is reduced through the maintenance of local production facilities in the markets we serve, which we believe creates a natural hedge to our foreign currency exchange rate exposure.  For the year ended September 30, 2016, the percentages of our net sales denominated in a currency other than the USD were as follows: 

Currency exchange rates vary daily and often one currency strengthens against the USD while another currency weakens.  Because of the complex interrelationship of our worldwide supply chains and distribution channels, it is difficult to quantify the impact of a particular change in exchange rates.  

From time to time, we will enter into a foreign currency exchange rate contract to hedge against changes in foreign currency exchange rates on liabilities expected to be settled at a future date.  Market risk arises from the potential adverse effects on the value of derivative instruments that result from a change in foreign currency exchange rates.  We minimize this market risk by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types of, and degree to which we enter into, derivative instruments.  We enter into derivative instruments for risk management purposes only.  We do not enter into or issue derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.  As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had no open foreign currency exchange rate contracts and all previous derivative instruments were settled or terminated.   

On September 23, 2016, Woodward and Woodward International Holding B.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of Woodward organized under the laws of The Netherlands (the  BV Subsidiary ), entered into the 2016 Note Purchase Agreements relating to the sale by Woodward and the BV Subsidiary of an aggregate principal amount of  160,000 of senior unsecured notes in a  

48   

series of private placement transactions.  Woodward issued  40,000 aggregate principal amount of Woodward s Series M Senior Notes due September 23, 2026.  Woodward designated the  40,000 Series M Notes as a hedge of a foreign currency exposure of Woodward s net investment in its EUR denominated functional currency subsidiaries.  A foreign exchange loss on the Series M Notes of $47 is included in foreign currency translation adjustments within total comprehensive (losses) earnings for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

In June 2015, Woodward designated an intercompany loan of 160,000 RMB between two wholly owned subsidiaries as a hedge of a foreign currency exposure of the net investment of the borrower in the lender.  In June 2016, the intercompany loan was repaid, resulting in a realized gain of $1,484 that was recognized within total comprehensive earnings, of which $912 was recognized in fiscal year 2016 and $572 was recognized in fiscal year 2015. 

In July 2016, Woodward designated a new intercompany loan of 160,000 RMB between the same two wholly owned subsidiaries as a hedge of a foreign currency exposure of the net investment of the borrower in the lender.  A foreign exchange loss on the loan of $73 is included in foreign currency translation adjustments within total comprehensive earnings for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

For more information on derivative instruments, see Note 6,   Derivative instruments and hedging activities  , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in  Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  

Our reported financial results of operations, including the reported value of our assets and liabilities, are also impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  The assets and liabilities of substantially all of our subsidiaries outside the United States are translated at period end rates of exchange for each reporting period.  Earnings and cash flow statements are translated at weighted-average rates of exchange.  Although these translation changes have no immediate cash impact, the translation changes may impact future borrowing capacity, debt covenants, and the overall value of our net assets.  In addition, we also have assets and liabilities, specifically accounts receivable, accounts payable and current inter-company receivables and payables, whose carrying amounts approximate their fair value, which are denominated in currencies other than their relevant functional currencies.  Foreign currency exchange rate risk is reduced through several means, including the invoicing of customers in the same currency as the source of the products, and the prompt settlement of inter-company balances utilizing a global netting system.  We recognized a net foreign currency gain of $701 in fiscal year 2016 and net foreign currency losses of $1,721 in fiscal year 2015 and $1,089 in fiscal year 2014 in  Selling, general, and administrative expenses  of our Consolidated Statements of Earnings related to these assets and liabilities. 

49   

Item 8.          Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPEND    ENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Woodward, Inc. 

Fort Collins, Colorado 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Woodward, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive earnings, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016.      Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15.  These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management.      Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).      Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.      An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.      An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.      We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Woodward, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 16, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 

Denver, Colorado 

November   16  , 201  6 

50   

WOODWARD, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

51   

WOODWARD, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS 

(In thousands) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

52   

WOODWARD, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

53   

WOODWARD, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In thousands) 

See accompanyin  g Notes to   Consolidated Financial Statements  . 

54   

WOODWARD, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 

(In thousands) 

See   accompanying Notes to   Consolidated Financial Statements 

55   

WOODWARD, INC. 

NOTES TO   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 1.  Operations and su    mmary of significant accounting policies 

Basis of presentation 

The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and include the accounts of Woodward, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively  Woodward  or  the Company ).  Dollar amounts contained in these Consolidated Financial Statements are in thousands, except per share amounts. 

In the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, Woodward changed the name of its Energy segment to Industrial.  The term  energy  is largely viewed as  oil and gas  and therefore was not representative of the broader markets Woodward serves in this segment. 

Nature of operations 

Woodward enhances the global quality of life, creating innovative energy control solutions that optimize the performance, efficiency and emissions of   its   customers  products.  Woodward is an independent designer, manufacturer, and service provider of energy control and optimization solutions.  Woodward designs, produces and services reliable, efficient, low-emission, and high-performance energy control products for diverse applications in challenging environments.  Woodward has significant production and assembly facilities in the United States, Europe and Asia, and promotes its products and services through its worldwide locations.   

Woodward s strategic focus is providing energy control and optimization solutions for the aerospace, industrial and energy markets.  The precise and efficient control of energy, including fluid and electrical energy, combustion, and motion, is a growing requirement in the markets it serves.  Woodward s customers look to it to optimize the efficiency, emissions and operation of power equipment in both commercial and defense operations.  Woodward s core technologies leverage well across its markets and customer applications, enabling it to develop and integrate cost-effective and state-of-the-art fuel, combustion, fluid, actuation and electronic systems.  Woodward focuses its solutions and services primarily on serving original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) and equipment packagers, partnering with them to bring superior component and system solutions to their demanding applications.  Woodward also provides aftermarket repair, replacement and other service support for its installed products.  

Woodward s components and integrated systems optimize performance of commercial aircraft, defense aircraft, ground vehicles and other equipment, gas and steam turbines, wind turbines, including converters and power grid related equipment, industrial diesel, gas, alternative and dual fuel reciprocating engines, and electrical power systems.  Woodward s innovative fluid energy, combustion control, electrical energy, and motion control systems help its customers offer more cost-effective, cleaner, and more reliable equipment. 

Summary of significant accounting policies 

Principles of consolidation:    These Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and include the accounts of Woodward and its wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries.  Transactions within and between these companies are eliminated. 

Use of estimates:    The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial statements and the reported revenues and expenses recognized during the reporting period, and certain financial statement disclosures.  Significant estimates include allowances for uncollectible amounts, net realizable value of inventories, customer rebates earned, useful lives of property and identifiable intangible assets, the evaluation of impairments of property, identifiable intangible assets and goodwill, the provision for income tax and related valuation reserves, the valuation of assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations, assumptions used in the determination of the funded status and annual expense of pension and postretirement employee benefit plans, the valuation of stock compensation instruments granted to employees, and contingencies. Actual results could   differ   from   those   estimates. 

Foreign currency exchange rates:    The assets and liabilities of substantially all subsidiaries outside the United States are translated at fiscal year-end rates of exchange, and earnings and cash flow statements are translated at weighted-average rates of exchange.  Translation adjustments are accumulated with other comprehensive (loss) earnings as a separate component of stockholders  equity and are presented net of tax effects in the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity.  The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on loans be  tween consolidated subsidiaries   that are   considered permanent in nature   are also accumulated with other comprehensive earnings, net of tax. 

56   

The Company is exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates because some sales transactions, and certain of the assets and liabilities of its domestic and foreign subsidiaries, are denominated in foreign currencies.  Selling, general, and administrative expenses include a net foreign currency gain of $701 in fiscal year 2016 and net foreign currency losses of   $1,721   in fiscal year 2015 and   $1,089   in fiscal year 2014. 

Revenue recognition:    Woodward recognizes revenue upon shipment or delivery of products or services and when collectability is reasonably assured.  Delivery is upon completion of manufacturing, customer acceptance, and the transfer of the risks and rewards of ownership.  In countries whose laws provide for retention of some form of title by sellers, enabling recovery of goods in the event of customer default on payment, product delivery is considered to have occurred when the customer has assumed the risks and rewards of ownership of the products. 

Occasionally, Woodward transfers title of product to customers, but retains substantive performance obligations such as completion of product testing, customer acceptance or in some instances regulatory acceptance.  In addition, occasionally customers pay Woodward for products or services prior to Woodward satisfying its performance obligation.  Under these circumstances, revenue is deferred until the performance obligations are satisfied.  In addition, service revenue is also recognized upon completion of applicable performance obligations. 

Certain Woodward products include incidental software or firmware essential to the performance of the product as designed, which are treated as units of accounting associated with the related tangible product with which the software is included.  Woodward does not sell software on a standalone basis, although software upgrades, if any, are generally paid for by the customer. 

Product freight costs are included in cost of goods sold.  Freight costs charged to customers are included in net sales. 

Taxes collected from customers and remitted to government authorities are excluded from revenue and are recorded as liabilities until the taxes are remitted to the appropriate U.S. or foreign government authority. 

Net sales from service activities were less than 10% of total net sales for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

Customer payments  :    Woodward occasionally agrees to make payments to certain customers in order to participate in   anticipated   sales activity.    Payments made to customers are accounted for as a reduction of revenue unless they are made in exchange for identifiable goods   or services with fair values that can be reasonably estimated.  Reductions in revenue associated with these customer payments are recognized immediately to the extent that the payments cannot be attributed to anticipated future sales, and are recognized in future periods to the extent that the payments relate to anticipated future sales.  Such determinations are based on the facts and circumstances underlying each payment. 

Stock-based compensation:    Compensation cost relating to stock-based payment awards made to employees and directors is recognized in the financial statements using a fair value method.  Non-qualified stock option awards and restricted stock awards are issued under Woodward s stock-based compensation plans.  The cost of such awards, measured at the grant date, is based on the estimated fair value of the award. 

Forfeitures are estimated at the time of each grant in order to estimate the portion of the award that will ultimately vest.  The estimate is based on Woodward s historical rates of forfeitures and is updated periodically.  The portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period of the awards. 

Research and development costs  :  Company funded expenditures related to new product development, and significant product enhancement and/or upgrade activities are expensed as incurred and are separately reported in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.  

Income taxes:    Deferred income taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of Woodward s assets, liabilities, and certain unrecognized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive (losses) earnings.  Woodward provides for taxes that may be payable if undistributed earnings of overseas subsidiaries were to be remitted to the United States, except for those earnings that it considers to be indefinitely invested. 

Cash equivalents:    Highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. 

Cash and cash equivalents are maintained with multiple financial institutions.  Generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit and therefore bear minimal credit risk.  Woodward holds cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions in excess of amounts covered by the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation (the  FDIC ), sometimes invests excess cash in money market funds or other highly liquid investments not insured by the FDIC, and holds cash and cash equivalents outside the United States that are not insured by the FDIC. 

57   

Accounts receivable:    Almost all of Woodward s sales are made on credit and result in accounts receivable, which are recorded at the amount invoiced and are generally not collateralized.  In the normal course of business, not all accounts receivable are collected and, therefore, an allowance for uncollectible amounts is provided equal to the amount that Woodward believes ultimately will not be collected.  In establishing the amount of the allowance related to the credit risk of accounts receivable, customer-specific information is considered related to delinquent accounts, past loss experience, bankruptcy filings, deterioration in the customer s operating results or financial position, and current economic conditions. Accounts receivable losses are deducted from the allowance, and the related accounts receivable balances are written off when the receivables are deemed uncollectible.  Recoveries of accounts receivable previously written off are recognized when received.  In addition, an allowance associated with anticipated future sales returns is also established and is included in the allowance for uncollectible amounts. 

Inventories:    Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost being determined using methods that approximat  e a first-in, first-out basis. 

Short-term investments:    From time to time, certain of Woodward s foreign subsidiaries will invest excess cash in short-term time deposits with a fixed maturity date of longer than three months but less than one year from the date the deposit.     Woodward believes that the investments   are wit  h creditworthy financial institutions  .  Amounts with maturities of less than 365 days are classified as  Other current assets.         

Property, plant, and equipment:    Property, plant, and equipment are recorded at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets.  Assets are generally depreciated using the straight-line method.  Assets are tested for recoverability whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. 

Estimated lives over which fixed assets are generally depreciated at September 30, 201  6   were as follows: 

Included in computer equipment and software are Woodward s enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) systems, which have an estimated useful life of 10 years.  All other computer equipment and software is generally depreciated over three to five years. 

Concurrent with and in relation to Woodward s significant investment in three new campuses and related equipment in the greater-Rockford, Illinois area, a new campus at its corporate headquarters in Fort Collins, Colorado, and a new campus in Niles, Illinois, Woodward initiated a comprehensive review of its depreciation lives as required by U.S. GAAP to evaluate the estimates of the useful lives of Woodward assets.  This review resulted in estimates of the useful lives of both existing and new assets generally in excess of those utilized prior to fiscal year 2016.  The revised estimates were used in fiscal year 2016 and will be used going forward and resulted in a downward adjustment of depreciation on existing assets of approximately $12,000 for fiscal year 2016. 

Goodwill:        Woodward tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount.  Based on the relevant U.S. GAAP authoritative guidance, Woodward sometimes aggregates components of a single operating segment into a reporting unit, if appropriate.   The impairment tests consist of comparing the implied fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount that includes goodwill.  If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its implied fair value, Woodward compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the recorded carrying amount of goodwill.  If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill, an impairment loss would be recognized to reduce the carrying amount to its implied fair value.  Based on the results of Woodward s goodwill impairment testing it has recorded   no   impairment charges. 

Other intangibles:    Other intangibles are recognized apart from goodwill whenever an acquired intangible asset arises from contractual or other legal rights, or whenever it is capable of being separated or divided from the acquired entity and sold, transferred, licensed, rented, or exchanged, either individually or in combination with a related contract, asset, or liability.  All of Woodward s intangibles have an estimated useful life and are being amortized using patterns that reflect the periods over which the economic benefits of the assets are expected to be realized.  Impairment losses are recognized if the carrying amount of an intangible is both not recoverable and exceeds its fair value.  

58   

Estimated lives over which intangible assets are amortized at September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

Impairment of long-lived assets:    Woodward reviews the carrying amount of its long-lived assets or asset groups to be used in operations whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable.  Factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal factors or the business climate that could affect the value of the asset, or a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, among others.  

If such facts indicate a potential impairment, the Company would assess the recoverability of an asset group by determining if the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets over the remaining economic life of the primary asset in the asset group.  If the recoverability test indicates that the carrying amount of the asset group is not recoverable, the Company will estimate the fair value of the asset group using appropriate valuation methodologies, which would typically include an estimate of discounted cash flows.  Any impairment would be measured as the difference between the asset groups carrying amount and its estimated fair value.        There were   no   impairment charges recorded in fiscal years 201  6   or 201  5  .        There was an impairment charge of   $3,138   recorded in fiscal year 2014 related to a write down to fair value of assets held for sale.   

Investment in marketable equity securities:    Woodward holds marketable equity securities related to its deferred compensation program.  Based on Woodward s intentions regarding these instruments, marketable equity securities are classified as trading securities.  The trading securities are reported at fair value, with realized gains and losses recognized in  Other (income) expense, net.  The trading securities are included in  Other assets.   The associated obligation to provide benefits is included in  Other liabilities.  

Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries:    Investments in  ,   and operating results of  ,   entities in which Woodward does not have a controlling financial interest or the ability to exercise significant influence over the operations are included in the financial statements using the cost method of accounting.  Investments and operating results of entities in which Woodward does not have a controlling interest but does have the ability to exercise significant influence over operations are included in the financial statements using the equity method of accounting. 

Deferred compensation:    The Company maintains a deferred compensation plan, or  rabbi trust,  as part of its overall compensation package for certain employees.  

Deferred compensation obligations will be settled either by delivery of a fixed number of shares of Woodward s common stock (in accordance with certain eligible members  irrevocable elections) or in cash.  Woodward has contributed shares of its common stock into a trust established for the future settlement of deferred compensation obligations that are payable in shares of Woodward s common stock.  Common stock held by the trust is reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as  Treasury stock held for deferred compensation  and the related deferred compensation obligation is reflected as a separate component of equity in amounts equal to the fair value of the common stock at the dates of contribution.  These accounts are not adjusted for subsequent changes in the fair value of the common stock.  Deferred compensation obligations that will be settled in cash are accounted for on an accrual basis in accordance with the terms of the underlying contract and are reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as  Other liabilities.   

Derivatives:    The Company is exposed to various market risks that arise from transactions entered into in the normal course of business.  The Company has historically utilized derivative instruments, such as treasury lock agreements to lock in fixed rates on future debt issuances, which qualify as cash flow or fair value hedges to mitigate the risk of variability in cash flows related to future interest payments attributable to changes in the designated benchmark rate.  The Company records all such interest rate hedge instruments on the balance sheet at fair value.  Cash flows related to the instrument designated as a qualifying hedge are reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the same categories as the cash flows from the items being hedged.  Accordingly, cash flows relating to the settlement of interest rate derivatives hedging the forecasted future interest payments on debt have been reflected upon settlement as a component of financing cash flows.  The resulting gain or loss from such settlement is deferred to other comprehensive income and reclassified to interest expense over the term of the underlying debt.  This reclassification of the deferred gains and losses impacts the interest expense recognized on the underlying debt that was hedged and is therefore reflected as a component of operating cash flows in periods subsequent to settlement.  The periodic settlement of interest rate derivatives hedging outstanding variable rate debt is recorded as an adjustment to interest expense and is therefore reflected as a component of operating cash flows. 

59   

From time to time,   in order to hedge against foreign currency exposure, Woodward designates certain non-derivative financial instrument loans as net investment hedges.  Foreign exchange gains or losses on the loans are recognized in foreign currency translation adjustments within total comprehensive (losses) earnings.    Further information on   net investment hedges     can be found at Note 6,   Derivative instruments and hedging activities  . 

Financial instruments:    The Company s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents,   short-term investments,   investments in the deferred compensation program, notes receivable from municipalities,   investments in term deposits   and debt.  Because of their short-term maturity, the carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents and short-term debt approximate fair value.  The fair value of investments in the deferred compensation program are adjusted to fair value based on the quoted market prices for the investments in the various mutual funds owned.  The   fair value of the long-term notes from municipalities are estimated based on a model that discounts future principal and interest payments received at interest rates available to the Company at the end of the period for similarly rated municipality notes of similar maturity.    The   fair value of term   deposits   are estimated based on a model that discounts future principal and interest payments received at interest rates available to the Company at the end of the period for   similar term deposits with the same maturity in the same jurisdictions  .    The fair value of long-term debt is estimated based on a model that discounts future principal and interest payments at interest rates available to the Company at the end of the period for similar debt with the same maturity.  Further information on the fair value of financial instruments can be found at Note 5,   Financial instruments and fair value measurements  . 

Financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy established by U.S. GAAP, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into the following levels: 

Level 1: Inputs based on quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.   

Level 2: Quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable and can be corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3: Inputs reflect management s best estimates and assumptions of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.  The inputs are unobservable in the market and significant to the valuation of the instruments. 

Postretirement benefits:    The Company provides various benefits to certain current and former employees through defined benefit pension and postretirement plans.  For financial reporting purposes, net periodic benefits expense and related obligations are calculated using a number of significant actuarial assumptions.  Changes in net periodic expense and funding status may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions.    The funded status of defined pension and postretirement plans recognized in the statement of financial position is measured as the difference between the fair market value of the plan assets and the benefit obligation.  For a defined benefit pension plan, the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation; for any ot  her defined benefit postretirement plan, such as a retiree health care plan, the benefit obligation is the accumulated benefit obligation.  Any over-funded status is recognized as an   asset and any underfunded status is recognized as a liability.  

Projected benefit obligation is the actuarial present value as of the measurement date of all benefits attributed by the plan benefit formula to employee service rendered before the measurement date using assumptions as to future compensation levels if the plan benefit formula is based on those future compensation levels.  Accumulated benefit obligation is the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or unvested) attributed by the plan benefit formula to employee service rendered before the measurement date and based on employee service and compensation, if applicable, prior to that date.  Accumulated benefit obligation differs from projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels  . 

Note 2.    New   accounting   standards 

From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) or other standards setting bodies issue new accounting pronouncements.  Updates to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) are communicated through issuance of an Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ). 

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,  Accounting for Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Asset Transfers of   Assets Other than Inventory.     The purpose of ASU 2016-16 is to eliminate the exception, other than for inventory transfers, under current   U.S.   GAAP under which the tax effects of intra-entity asset transfers (intercompany sales) are deferred until the transferred asset is sold to a third party or ot  herwise recovered through use.  U  pon adoption   of   ASU 2016-16  ,   Woodward will recognize the tax expense from the sale of that asset in the seller s tax jurisdiction   when   the transfer occurs, even though the pre-tax effects of that transaction are eliminated in consolidation.      Any deferred tax asset that arises in the buyer s jurisdiction would also be recognized at the time of the transfer.      ASU 2016-16 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,  

60   

2017 (fiscal year 2019 for Woodward), including interim period  s within the year of adoption.    Early adoption is allowed   only   in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 or   the first quarter of   fiscal year 2018.      Modified retrospective adoption is required with any cumulative-effect adjustment recorded to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption.      The cumulative-effect adjustment, if any, would consist of the net impact from (1) the write-off of any unamortized tax expense previously deferred and (2) recognition of any previously unrecognized deferred tax assets, net of any necessary valuation allowances.      Woodward is currently assessing the impact this guidance may have on its Consolidated Financial Statements.  

In August   2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  State  ment of Cash flows (Topic 230).     ASU 2016-15 is designed to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows.      As permitted, Woodward adopted ASU 2016-15 as of September 30, 2016, using the retrospective transition method, as required and made an accounting policy election upon adoption to use the cumulative earnings approach to classify distributions received from equity method investments.        Woodward received no distributions from equity method investments in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014.    The adoption of ASU 2016-15 had no impact on the reported cash flows of the company for any period presented.  

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Measurement of Credit Los  ses on Financial Instruments.     ASU 2016-13 adds a current expected credit loss ( CECL ) impairment model to U.S. GAAP that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses.  ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 (fiscal year 2021 for Woodward), including interim periods within the year of adoption.  Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 (fiscal year 2020 for Woodward), including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Woodward has not determined in which period it will adopt the new guidance but does not expect the application of the CECL impairment model to have a significant impact on Woodward s allowance for uncollectible amounts for accounts receivable and notes receivable from municipalities. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  to simplify financial reporting of the income tax impacts of share-based compensation arrangements.  As early adoption is allowed, Woodward adopted ASU 2016-09 during the second quarter of fiscal year 2016.  Under ASU 2016-09 Woodward classifies the excess income tax benefits from stock-based compensation arrangements as a discrete item within income tax expense, rather than recognizing such excess income tax benefits in additional paid-in capital.  As required by ASU 2016-09, Woodward applied this classification guidance effective as of October 1, 2015. 

Under ASU 2016-09, excess income tax benefits from stock-based compensation arrangements are classified as cash flow from operations, rather than as cash flow from financing activities.  In addition, when Woodward withholds shares from an employee s exercise of stock options to fund payment by Woodward of the employee s taxes, the payment is classified as a financing activity.  Woodward has elected to apply the cash flow classification guidance of ASU 2016-09 retrospectively to   all   prior periods presented.  

Woodward has elected to continue to estimate the number of stock-based awards expected to vest, as permitted by ASU 2016-09, rather than electing to account for forfeitures as they occur.  

61   

The following table shows the impact of retrospectively applying this guidance to the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Earnings and Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the three-months ended December 31, 2015. 

The following table  s   shows the impact of retrospectively applying this guidance to the Consolidated Statement  s   of Cash Flows for the fiscal year  s   ended September 30, 2015   and September 30, 2014  . 

62   

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).   The purpose of ASU 2016-02 is to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 (fiscal year 2020 for Woodward), including interim periods within the year of adoption.  In transition, Woodward will be required to recognize and measure leases beginning in the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach; therefore, Woodward anticipates restating its Consolidated Financial Statements for the two fiscal years prior to the year of adoption.  Early adoption is permitted.  Woodward has not determined in which period it will adopt the new guidance and is currently assessing the impact this guidance may have on its Consolidated Financial Statements, including which of its existing operating leases will be impacted by the new guidance.  Rent expense for all operating leases  ,    none of which was recognized on the balance sheet  , was $7,359 in fiscal year 2016,   $7,299     in fiscal year 2015, and $10,897 in fiscal year 2014.      F  uture minimum rental payments required under operating leases, none of which were   recognized on the balance sheet, were $1  5  ,  612   as of September 30, 2016. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,  to simplify financial reporting and more closely conform U.S. GAAP with International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ).  Under ASU 2015-17, Woodward will classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities by taxing jurisdiction, along with any related valuation allowances, as either a single non-current asset or liability on the balance sheet.  ASU 2015-17 is effective for fiscal years   and interim periods within those fiscal years   beginning after December 15, 2016 (fiscal year 2018 for Woodward).  As early adoption is allowed, Woodward adopted ASU 2015-17 during its second quarter of fiscal year 2016, and retrospectively applied the guidance to its deferred tax assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2015.  The table   below shows   the impact of retrospectively applying this guidance to the Consolidated Balance Sheet deferred tax assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2015.   

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.   Under ASU 2015-03, Woodward will present debt issuance costs in the balance sheet as a reduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset.  Amortization of such costs will continue to be reported as interest expense.  ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years   and interim periods within those fiscal years   beginning after December 15, 2015 (fiscal year 2017 for Woodward).  Early adoption is allowed.   

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements.   ASU 2015-15 supplements the requirements of ASU 2015-03 by allowing an entity to defer and present debt issuance costs related to a line of credit arrangement as an asset and subsequently amortize the deferred costs ratably over the term of the line of credit arrangement.  As early adoption is allowed, Woodward adopted ASU 2015-  03 and ASU 2015-15   during its   fourth   quarter of fiscal year 2016, and retrospectively applied the guidance to its   unamortized debt issuance costs   as of September 30, 2015.    As   permitted by ASU   2015-  15, Woodward   will continue to present debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit     arrangements as an asset on its balance sheet.       

63   

The table   below   shows the impact of retrospectively applying   ASU 2015-17 and ASU 2015-03   to the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2015.   

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  in response to stakeholders  concerns about current accounting for consolidation of certain legal entities and changes the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate such legal entities.  ASU 2015-02 is effective for public business entities for fiscal years   and interim periods within those fiscal years   beginning after December 15, 2015, but early adoption is allowed.  Woodward adopted ASU 2015-02 on January 1, 2016, concurrent with the consummation of the joint venture formation described in Note 4,    Joint ventures     .    The adoption of ASU 2015-02 had no impact on Woodward s conclusion that the joint venture described in Note 4 should not be consolidated following the guidance of ASC 810,   Consolidation  .   

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  and has subsequently issued several supplemental and/or clarifying ASUs (collectively  ASC 606 ).  ASC 606 prescribes a single common revenue standard that replaces most existing U.S. GAAP revenue recognition guidance.  ASC 606 outlines a five-step model, under which Woodward will recognize revenue   when   performance obligations within a customer contract are satisfied.  ASC 606 is intended to provide more consistent interpretation and application of the principles outlined in the standard across filers in multiple industries and within the same industries compared to current practices, which should improve comparability.  Adoption of ASC 606 is required for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 (fiscal year 2019 for Woodward), including interim periods within the reporting period.  Woodward may elect to adopt ASC 606 in fiscal year 2018, but does not expect to do so.  Upon adoption, Woodward must elect to adopt either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or using the cumulative effect transition method with the cumulative effect of initial adoption recognized at the date of initial application.  Woodward has not determined what transition method it will use.  Woodward is currently assessing the impact that the future adoption of ASC 606 may have on its Consolidated Financial Statements by analyzing its current portfolio of customer contracts, including a review of historical accounting policies and practices to identify potential differences in applying the guidance of ASC 606. 

Note 3.  Earnings per share 

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net earnings available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. 

Diluted earnings per share reflects the weighted-average number of shares outstanding after consideration of the dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock. 

64   

The following is a reconciliation of net earnings to basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share: 

On June 2, 2015, Woodward entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (the  ASR Agreement ) with Goldman, Sachs   Co. ( Goldman ) under which Woodward repurchased shares of its common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $125,000.  Upon execution of the ASR Agreement, Goldman initially delivered to Woodward 2,048 shares of common stock.    Goldman completed the ASR Agreement on September 3, 2015 and delivered 458 additional shares to Woodward.  The final number of shares delivered to Woodward was based generally on the average daily volume-weighted average price of Woodward stock during the term of the ASR Agreement   of   $49.89.    The 2,506 shares of common stock delivered by Goldman to Woodward related to the ASR Agreement are reflected in the calculation of basic shares outstanding used in the calculation of earnings per share.  

The following stock option grants were outstanding during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014, but were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive: 

The weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share included the weighted-average treasury stock shares held for deferred compensation obligations of the following: 

Note 4.      Joint ventures  

On January 4, 2016, Woodward and General Electric Company ( GE ), acting through its GE Aviation business unit, consummated the formation of a strategic joint venture between Woodward and GE (the  JV ).  The JV designs, develops and sources the fuel system for specified existing and all future GE commercial aircraft engines that produce thrust in excess of fifty thousand pounds.  

As part of the JV formation, Woodward contributed to the JV certain contractual rights and intellectual property applicable to the existing GE commercial aircraft engine programs within the scope of the JV.  Woodward has no initial cost basis in the JV because Woodward had no cost basis in the contractual rights and intellectual property contributed to the JV.  GE purchased from Woodward a 50% ownership interest in the JV for a   $250,000   cash payment to Woodward.  In addition, GE will pay contingent consideration to Woodward consisting of fifteen annual payments of   $4,894   per year beginning January 4, 2017 subject to certain claw-back conditions.  Neither Woodward nor GE contributed any tangible assets to the JV.  

Woodward determined that the JV formation was not the culmination of an earnings event because Woodward has significant performance obligations to support the future operations of the JV.  Therefore, Woodward recorded the   $250,000    

65   

consideration received from GE for its purchase of a   50%   equity interest in the JV as deferred income.  The $250,000 deferred income will be recognized as an increase to net sales in proportion to revenue realized on sales of applicable fuel   systems within the scope of the JV in a particular period as a percentage of total revenue expected to be realized by Woodward over the estimated remaining lives of the underlying commercial aircraft engine programs assigned to the JV.  As of   September   30, 2016, accrued liabilities include   $6,552   and other liabilities include   $238,187   of unamortized deferred income realized upon the JV formation.  Amortization of the deferred income recognized as an increase to sales was   $5,26  1   for the   nine  -months ended   September   30, 2016.  

The $250,000 cash consideration received from GE on January 4, 2016 is taxable upon receipt for income tax purposes but not currently recognized in earnings for book purposes.  Therefore, during the three month period ended March 31, 2016, Woodward recorded a deferred tax asset of   $94,125  .     

Woodward and GE jointly manage the JV and any significant decisions and/or actions of the JV require the mutual consent of both parties.  Neither Woodward nor GE has a controlling financial interest in the JV, but   both   Woodward   and GE   do     have the ability to significantly influence the operating and financial decisions of the JV.  Therefore, Woodward is accounting for its 50% ownership interest in the JV using the equity method of accounting.    The JV is a related party to Woodward.    Other income includes   $6,204   for the   nine  -months ended   September   30, 2016 related to Woodward s equity interest in the earnings of the JV.  During the   nine  -months ended   September   30, 2016, Woodward received   no   cash distributions from the JV and therefore, Woodward s net investment in the JV was   $6,204   as of   September   30, 2016.  

During the   nine  -months ended   September   30, 2016, Woodward   s    n  et sales include $46,973     of sales to the JV and a reduction to sales of   $21,391     related to royalties paid to the JV by Woodward on sales by Woodward directly to third party aftermarket customers.    The Consolidated Balance Sheet a  t    September   30, 2016,   included  Accounts receivable  of $5,326     related to amounts the   JV owed Woodward and   included  Accounts payable  of $3,926     related to amounts   Woodward owed the JV. 

Note 5.  Financial instruments and fair value measurements 

Financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are categorized based upon a fair value hie  rarchy established by U.S. GAAP. 

The table below presents information about Woodward s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques Woodward utilized to determine such fair value.  Woodward had   no   financial liabilities required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September   30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

Investments in money market funds:   Woodward sometimes invests excess cash in money market funds not insured by the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ).  Woodward believes that the investments in money market funds are on deposit with creditworthy financial institutions and that the funds are highly liquid.  The investments in money market funds are reported   in  Cash and cash equivalents    at fair value, with realized gains from interest income   recognized   in earnings  .    The fair values of Woodward s investments in money market funds are based on the quoted market prices for the net asset value of the various money market funds. 

Investments in reverse repurchase agreements:    Woodward sometimes invests excess cash in reverse repurchase agreements.  Under the terms of Woodward s reverse repurchase agreements, Woodward purchases an interest in a pool of securities and is granted a security interest in those securities by the counterparty to the reverse repurchase agreement.  At an agreed upon date, generally the next business day, the counterparty repurchases Woodward s interest in the pool of securities at a price equal to what Woodward paid to the counterparty plus a rate of return determined daily per the terms of the reverse repurchase agreement.  Woodward believes that the investments in these reverse repurchase agreements are with creditworthy financial institutions and that the funds invested are highly liquid.  The investments in reverse repurchase  

66   

agreements are reported at fair value, with realized gains from interest income   recognized   in earnings, and are included in  Cash and cash equivalents.   Since the investments are generally overnight, the carrying value is considered to be equal to the fair value as the amount is deemed to be a cash deposit with no risk of change in value as of the end of each fiscal quarter. 

Investments in Brazilian certificates of deposit  :   Woodward   s Brazilian subsidiary   sometimes invests excess cash in   Brazilian certificates of deposit insured by the Brazilian Credit Guarantee Fund  .    Woodward s investments in Brazilian certificates of deposit can be entered into a pre-determined fixed or floating interest rate but, unlike certificates of deposit in the United States, can be withdrawn at any time, after 30 days, with notice given to the financial institution holding the deposit.    Woodward believes that the investments in   Brazilian certificates of deposit are wit  h creditworthy financial institutions and that the funds are highly liquid.  The investments in   Brazilian certificates of deposit   are reported   in  Cash and cash equivalents    at fair value, with   realized   gains from inter  est income recognized in earnings.    The   carrying value   of Woodward s investments in   Brazilian certificates of deposit   are   considered to be equal to the fair value given the highly liquid nature of the investments  . 

Equity securities:   Woodward holds marketable equity securities, through investments in various mutual funds, related to its deferred compensation program.  Based on Woodward s intentions regarding these instruments, marketable equity securities are classified as trading securities.  The trading securities are reported at fair value, with realized gains and losses recognized in  Other (income) expense, net.   The trading securities are included in  Other assets.   The fair values of Woodward s trading securities are based on the quoted market prices for the net asset value of the various mutual funds. 

Accounts receivable, accounts payable, the current portion of long-term debt, and short-term debt are not remeasured to fair value, as the carrying cost of each approximates its respective fair value.  The estimated fair values and carrying costs of other financial instruments that are not required to be remeasured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were as follows: 

In fiscal years 2014 and 2013, Woodward received lon  g-term notes from municipalities   within the state  s   of Illinois   and Colorado   in connection with certain economic incentives related to Woodward s development of a second campus in the greater-Rockford, Illinois area for its Aerospace segment   and Woodward s development of a new campus at its corporate headquarters in Fort Collins, Colorado.    The fair value of the long-term notes was estimated based on a model that discounted future principal and interest payments received at an interest rate   available to the Company at the end of the period for similarly rated municipal notes of similar maturity, which is a level 2 input as defined by the U.S. GAAP fair value hierarchy.  The interest rates used to estimate the fair value of the long-term notes were   2.2  %   at   September   30, 2016 and   3.0%   at September 30, 2015.  

From time to time, certain of Woodward s foreign subsidiaries will invest excess cash in short-term time deposits with a fixed maturity date of longer than three months but less than one year from the date of the deposit.     Woodward believes that the investments   are wit  h creditworthy financial institutions  .     The fair value of the   investments in short-term time deposits   was estimated based on a model that discounted future principal and interest payments   to be   received at an interest rate   available to   the foreign subsidiary entering into the investment   fo  r similar     short-term time deposits   of   similar maturity.  This is determined to be   a level 2 input as defined by the U.S. GAAP fair valu  e hierarchy.  The interest rate   used to estimate the fair value of the   short-term time deposits was     6.9  %   at   September   30, 2016  .  There were no investments in short-term time deposits   at September 30, 2015  .    

The fair value of long-term debt was estimated based on a model that discounted future principal and interest payments at interest rates available to the Company at the end of the period for similar debt of the same maturity, which is a level 2 input as defined by the U.S. GAAP fair value hierarchy.  The weighted-average interest rates used to estimate the fair value of long-term debt were   1.9  %   at   September   30, 2016 and   2.8  % at Sep  tember 30, 2015. 

67   

Note 6.  Derivative instruments and hedging activities 

Woodward has exposures related to global market risks, including the effect of changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, changes in certain commodity prices and fluctuations in various producer indices.  From time to time, Woodward enters into derivative instruments for risk management purposes only, including derivatives designated as accounting hedges and/or those utilized as economic hedges.  Woodward uses interest rate related derivative instruments to manage its exposure to fluctuations of interest rates.  Woodward does not enter into or issue derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 

By using derivative and/or hedging instruments to manage its risk exposure, Woodward is subject, from time to time, to credit risk and market risk on those derivative instruments.  Credit risk arises from the potential failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative and/or hedging instrument.  When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes Woodward, which creates credit risk for Woodward.  Woodward mitigates this credit risk by entering into transactions with only creditworthy counterparties.  Market risk arises from the potential adverse effects on the value of derivative and/or hedging instruments that result from a change in interest rates, commodity prices, or foreign currency exchange rates.  Woodward minimizes this market risk by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. 

Other than the cash flow hedges and net investment hedges discussed below, Woodward did not enter into any derivatives or hedging transactions during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2014. 

Derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships 

In June 2013, in connection with Woodward s expected refinancing of current maturities on its existing long-term debt, Woodward entered into a treasury lock agreement with a notional amount of $25,000 that qualified as a cash flow hedge under ASC Topic 815,  Derivatives and Hedging.   The objective of this derivative instrument was to hedge the risk of variability in cash flows attributable to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate over a seven-year period related to the future interest payments on a portion of anticipated future debt issuances.  The treasury lock agreement was settled in August 2013 and the resulting gain of $507 is being recognized as a reduction of interest expense over a seven-year period.  The unrecognized portion of the gain is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive (losses) earnings, net of tax. 

In March 2009, Woodward entered into LIBOR lock agreements that qualified as cash flow hedges under authoritative guidance for derivatives and hedging.  The objective of this derivative instrument was to hedge the risk of variability in cash flows over a seven-year period related to future interest payments of a portion of anticipated future debt issuances attributable to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate associated with the then expected issuance of long-term debt to acquire HR Textron Inc. ( HRT ).  The discontinuance of the LIBOR lock agr  eements resulted in a loss that was   being recognized as an increase of interest expense over a seven-year period on the hedged Series E and F Notes, which were issued on April 3, 2009, using the effective interest method.  The unrecognized portion of the loss   was   recorded in accumulated other comprehensive   (losses)   earnings, net of tax.        The unrecognized portion of the   loss   was fully amortized to interest expense during the   second   quarter of fiscal year 201  6,   and as of September 30,   2016   there was no unrecognized   loss   associated with this cash flow hedge in Woodward s Consolidated Balance Sheet.       

In September 2008, the Company entered into treasury lock agreements that qualified as cash flow hedges under authoritative guidance for derivatives and hedging.  The objective of this derivative instrument was to hedge the risk of variability in cash flows related to future interest payments of a portion of the anticipated future debt issuances attributable to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate associated with the expected issuance of long-term debt to acquire Techni-Core, Inc. ( Techni-Core ) and MPC Products Corporation ( MPC Products  and, together with Techni-Core,  MPC ).  The discontinuance of these treasury lock agreements resulted in a gain that   was   being recognized as a reduction of interest expense over a seven-year period on the hedged Series C and D Notes, which were issued on October 1, 2008, using the effective interest method.  The unrecognized portion of the gain   was   recorded in accumulated other comprehensive   (losses)   earnings, net of tax.    The unrecognized portion of the gain was fully amortized to interest expense during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015, and as of September 30, 2015 there was no unrecognized gain associated with this cash flow hedge in Woodward s Consolidated Balance Sheet.       

The remaining unrecognized gains and losses in Woodward s Consolidated Balance Sheets associated with derivative instruments that were previously entered into by Woodward, which are classified in accumulated other comprehensive   (  losses  ) earnings   ( accumulated OCI ), were net gains of   $290   as of   September   30, 2016 and $  269   as of September 30, 2015. 

68   

The following table discloses the impact of derivative instruments in cash flow hedging relationships on Woodward s Consolidated Statements of Earnings, recognized in interest expense: 

Based on the carrying value of the realized but unrecognized gains on terminated derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges as of   September   30, 2016, Woodward expects to reclassify $  72   of net unrecognized gains on terminated derivative instruments from accumulated other comprehensive   (losses)   earnings to earnings during the next   twelve   months. 

Net investment hedges 

On September 23, 2016, Woodward and Woodward International Holding B.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of Woodward organized under the laws of The Netherlands (the  BV Subsidiary ), each entered into a note purchase agreement (the  2016 Note Purchase Agreements ) relating to the sale by Woodward and the BV Subsidiary of an aggregate principal amount of  160,000 of senior unsecured notes in a series of private placement transactions.  Woodward issued  40,000 aggregate principal amount of Woodward s Series M Senior Notes due September 23, 2026.  Woodward designated the  40,000 Series M Notes as a hedge of a foreign currency exposure of Woodward s net investment in its Euro denominated functional currency subsidiaries.  A foreign exchange loss on the Series M Notes of $47 is included in foreign currency translation adjustments within total comprehensive (losses) earnings for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

In   June 2015, Woodward designated an intercompany loan of   160,000     Renminbi (   RMB   )   between two wholly owned subsidiaries as a hedge of a foreign currency exposure of the net investment of the borrower in the lender.  In June 2016, the intercompany loan was repaid, resulting in a realized gain of   $1,484   that was recognized within total comprehensive   (losses)   earnings, of which   $912   was recognized in fiscal year 2016 and   $572   was recognized in fiscal year 2015.  

In July 2016, Woodward designated a new intercompany loan of   160,000   RMB between two wholly owned subsidiaries as a hedge of a foreign currency exposure of the net investment of the borrower in the lender.  Foreign exchange   losses   on the loan of   $73   for the   three-months   ended   September   30, 2016 are included in foreign currency translation adjustments within total comprehensive   (losses)   earnings.   

Note 7.  Supplemental statement of cash flows information 

69   

Note 8  .  Inventories 

(1) 

Component parts include items that can be sold separately as finished goods or included in the manufacture of other products.     

Note 9.  Property, plant, and equipment 

Included in  Land and land improvements  and  Buildings and improvements  are assets held for sale of   $681   at September      30, 2015 related to Woodward s Industrial segment.  The sale of these assets was completed on April 15, 2016. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2014, Woodward recorded an impairment charge of $3,138, which is included in cost of goods sold in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings, related to the write down to fair value of certain assets held for sale.  During the quarter ended March 31, 2015, Woodward completed the sale of these assets.    

At September 30, 2016, i  ncluded in  Office furniture and equipment  and  Other  is   $1,653   of gross a  ssets acquired on capital leases, and accumulated depreciation included $322 of amortization associated with the capital lease assets. 

In fiscal year 2015, Woodward completed and placed into service a manufacturing and office building on a second campus in the greater-Rockford, Illinois area and has occupied the new facility in anticipation of beginning serial production of new narrow-body product lines beginning in fiscal year 2017 for its Aerospace segment.  This campus is intended to support Woodward s expected growth in its Aerospace segment over the next ten years and beyond, required as a result of Woodward being awarded a substantial number of new system platforms, particularly on narrow-body aircraft.  Included in  Construction in progress  are costs of   $26,741   at September 30, 2016 and   $47,629   at September 30, 2015 associated with new equipment purchases for the second campus  ,   including capitalized interest of   $341   at September 30, 2016 and   $499   at September 30, 2015.   

During fiscal year 2016, Woodward completed and placed into service a new campus at its corporate headquarters in Fort Collins, Colorado to support the future growth of its Industrial segment by supplementing its existing Colorado manufacturing facilities and corporate headquarters.  Woodward began occupying the new campus during its second quarter of fiscal year 2016.  Approximately   $160,000   of assets were placed in service during the nine-months ended September 30, 2016, and were recorded to  Buildings and building improvements.   Included in  Construction in progress  are   $247   at  

70   

September 30, 2016 and   $151,669   at September 30, 2015 associated with the construction of the new campus and related new equipment purchases, including capitalized interest of   $0   at September 30, 2016 and   $5,205   at September 30, 2015.   

Concurrent with and in relation to Woodward s significant investment in three new campuses and related equipment in the greater-Rockford, Illinois area,   the new campus at   its corporate headquarters in Fort Collins, Colorado (both discussed above), and   the new campus in Niles, Illinois   that was completed in fiscal year 2015, Woodward initiated a comprehensive review of its depreciation lives as required by U.S. GAAP to evaluate the estimates of the useful lives of Woodward assets.  This review resulted in estimates of the useful lives of both existing and new assets generally in excess of those utilized prior to fiscal year 2016.  The revised estimates   were   used in fiscal year 2016 and   will be used   going forward and result in a downward adjustment of depreciation on existing assets of approximately   $12,000   for fiscal year 2016. 

For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014, Woodward had depreciation expense as follows: 

For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014, Woodward capitalized interest that would have otherwise been included in interest expense of the following: 

Note 1  0  .  Goodwill 

Woodward tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount.  Woodward completed its annual goodwill imp  airment test as of July 31, 2016   during the quarter e  nded September 30, 2016  .  At that date, Woodward determined it was appropriate to aggregate certain components of the same operating segment into a single reporting unit.  The fair value of each of Woodward s reporting units was determined using a discounted cash flow method.    This method represents a level 3 input and incorporates various estimates and assumptions, the most significant being projected revenue growth rates, earnings margins, future tax rates, and the present value, based on an estimated weighted-average cost of capital (or the discount rate) and terminal growth rate, of forecasted cash flows.    Management projects revenue growth rates, earnings margins and cash flows based on each reporting unit s current operational results, expected performance and operational strategies over a ten-year period.  These projections are adjusted to reflect current economic conditions and demand for certain products, and require considerable management judgment. 

Forecasted cash   flows used in the July 31, 2016   impairment test were discounted using weighted-average cost of capital assumptions ranging from   8.91%   to   11.49%  .  The terminal values of the forecasted cash flows were calculated using the Gordon Growth Model and assumed an annual compound growth rate after ten years of   3.71%  .  These inputs, which are unobservable in the market, represent management s best estimate of what market participants would use in determining the present value of the Company s forecasted cash flows.  Changes in these estimates and assumptions can have a significant impact on the fair value of forecasted cash flows.  Woodward evaluated the reasonableness of the reporting units  resulting fair values utilizing a market multiple method. 

The results of Woodward s goodwill impairment tests   performed as of July 31, 2016   did not indicate impairment of any of Woodward s reporting units. 

71   

Note 11  .  Intangible assets, net 

For the   fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015, and September 30, 2014,   Woodward recorded amortization expense associated with intangibles of the following: 

Future amortization expense associated with intangibles is expected to be: 

72   

Note 12.  Credit facilities, short-term borrowings and long-term debt 

As of September 30, 2016, Woodward s short-term borrowings and availability under its various short-term credit facilities follows: 

Revolving credit facility 

Woodward maintains a   $1,000,000   revolving credit facility established under a revolving credit agreement   among   Woodward  ,   a syndicate of lenders   and   Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the  Revolving Credit Agreement ).  The Revolving Credit Agreement provides for the option to increase available borrowings to up to   $1,200,000  , subject to lenders  participation.  Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement generally bear interest at   LIBOR   plus   0.85%   to   1.65%  .  The Revolving Credit Agreement matures in   April 2020  .  Under the Revolving Credit Agreement, there were   $156,700   in principal amount of borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2016, at an effective interest rate of   1.77%  .  Under the Revolving Credit Agreement, there were   $350,000   in principal amount of borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2015, at an effective interest rate of   1.44%  .  As of September 30, 2016,   $150,000   of the borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement were classified as short-term based on Woodward s intent and ability to pay this amount in the next twelve months.  As of September 30, 2015, the entire outstanding balance on the Revolving Credit Agreement was classified as long-term debt. 

The Revolving Credit Agreement contains certain covenants customary with such agreements, which are generally consistent with the covenants applicable to Woodward s long-term debt agreements, and contains customary events of default, including certain cross default provisions related to Woodward s other outstanding debt arrangements in excess of   $60,000  , the occurrence of which would permit the lenders to accelerate the amounts due thereunder.  In addition, the Revolving Credit Agreement includes the following financial covenants: (i) a maximum permitted leverage ratio of consolidated net debt to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, stock-based compensation, and amortization, plus any usual non-cash charges to the extent deducted in computing net income minus any usual non-cash gains to the extent added in computing net income ( Leverage Ratio ) for Woodward and its consolidated subsidiaries of   3.5   to 1.0  , which ratio, subject to certain restrictions, may increase to   4.0   to 1.0   for the fiscal quarter (and the immediately following fiscal quarter) during which a permitted acquisition occurs and to   3.75   to 1.0   for the following two succeeding fiscal quarters, and (ii) a minimum consolidated net worth of   $800,000   plus (a)   50%   of Woodward s positive net income for the prior fiscal year and (b)   50%   of Woodward s net cash proceeds resulting from certain issuances of stock, subject to certain adjustments. 

Woodward s obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement are guaranteed by Woodward FST, Inc., Woodward MPC, Inc., and Woodward HRT, Inc., each of which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Woodward.   

Short-term borrowings 

A Chinese subsidiary of Woodward has a local uncommitted credit facility with the Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Company under which it has the ability to borrow up to either   $22,700  , or the local currency equivalent of $22,700.  Any cash borrowings under the local Chinese credit facility are secured by a parent guarantee from Woodward.  The Chinese subsidiary may utilize the local facility for cash borrowings to support its operating cash needs.  Local currency borrowings on the Chinese credit facility are charged   interest at the prevailing interest rate offered by the People s Bank of China on the date of borrowing, plus a margin equal to 15% of that prevailing rate  .  U.S. dollar borrowings on the credit facility are charged   interest at the lender s cost of borrowing rate at the date of borrowing, plus 3%  .  The local credit facility expires in   November 2016  .  The Chinese subsidiary had   no   outstanding cash borrowings against the local credit facility at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

A Brazilian subsidiary of Woodward has a local uncommitted credit facility with the Banco J.P. Morgan S.A. under which it has the ability to borrow up to   52,000   Brazilian Real.  Any cash borrowings under the local Brazilian credit facility are secured by a parent guarantee from Woodward.  The Brazilian subsidiary may utilize the local facility to support its operating cash needs.  Local currency borrowings on the Brazilian credit facility are charged   interest at the lender s cost of borrowing rate at the date of borrowing, plus 1.75%  .  The local credit facility expires   on   January 16, 2017  .  The Brazilian  

73   

subsidiary had   no   outstanding cash borrowings at September 30, 2016 and   $2,430   of outstanding cash borrowings at September 30, 2015 against the local credit facility. 

Woodward also has other foreign lines of credit and foreign overdraft facilities at various financial institutions, which are generally reviewed annually for renewal and are subject to the usual terms and conditions applied by the financial institutions.  Pursuant to the terms of the related facility agreements, Woodward s foreign performance guarantee facilities are limited in use to providing performance guarantees to third parties.  There were   no   borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 on Woodward s other foreign lines of credit and foreign overdraft facilities. 

Long-term debt 

The Notes 

In   October 2008  , Woodward entered into a note purchase agreement relating to the Series   C   and D Notes (the  2008 Notes ).  In   April 2009  , Woodward entered into a note purchase agreement relating to the Series E and F Notes (the  2009 Notes ). 

On   October 1, 2013  , Woodward entered into a note purchase agreement relating to the sale by Woodward of an aggregate principal amount of   $250,000   of its senior unsecured notes in a series of private placement transactions.   

Woodward issued the Series G, H and I Notes (the  First Closing Notes ) on   October 1, 2013  .  Woodward issued the Series J, K and L Notes (the  Second Closing Notes   , and together with the 2008 Notes, 2009 Notes and the First Closing Notes, the  USD Notes )   on   November 15, 2013.    

On   September 23, 2016  , Woodward and the BV Subsidiary, each entered into note purchase agreements relating to the sale by Woodward and the BV Subsidiary of an aggregate principal amount of    160,000   of senior unsecured notes in a series of private placement transactions.  Woodward issued    40,000   aggregate principal amount of Woodward s Series M Senior Notes (the    Series M Notes   ).  The BV Subsidiary issued (a)    77,000   aggregate principal amount of the BV Subsidiary s Series N Senior Notes (the    Series N Notes   ) and (b)    43,000   aggregate principal amount of the BV Subsidiary s Series O Senior Notes (the    Series O Notes    and together with the Series M Notes and the Series N Notes, the  2016   Notes   , and together with the USD Notes, collectively, the  Notes ).   

Interest on the 2008 Notes, the First Closing Notes, and the Series K and L Notes is payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year until all principal is paid.  Interest on the 2009 Notes is payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year until all principal is paid.    Interest on the 2016 Notes will be payable semi-annually on March 23 and September 23 of each year, commencing on March 23, 2017, until all principal is paid.    Interest on the Series J Notes is  

74   

payable quarterly on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each year until al  l principal is paid.  As of September   30, 2016, the Series J Notes bore interest at an effective rate of   2.06%  . 

On October 1, 2015, Woodward paid the entire principal balance of   $50,000   on the Series C notes using borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement.  On April 4, 2016, Woodward paid the entire principal balance of   $57,000   on the Series E notes using borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement.  

None of the Notes were registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and they may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.  Holders of the Notes do not have any registration rights.   

All of the issued Notes are held by multiple institutions. 

Woodward s obligations under the Notes are guaranteed by   (i)   Woodward FST, Inc., Woodward MPC, Inc., and Woodward HRT, Inc., each of which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Woodward  , and (ii) in the case of the BV Subsidiary s Series N and O Notes, by Woodward  .  Woodward s obligations under the Notes rank equal in right of payment with all of Woodward s other unsecured unsubordinated debt, including its outstanding debt under its revolving credit facility. 

The   USD Notes and the 2016 Notes   contain covenants customary for such financings, including, among other things, covenants that place limits on Woodward s ability to incur liens on assets, incur additional debt (including a leverage or coverage based maintenance test), transfer or sell Woodward s assets, merge or consolidate with other persons and enter into material transactions with affiliates.  Under the financial covenants contained in the   note purchase agreement governing the USD Notes  , Woodward s priority debt may not exceed, at any time,   25%   of its consolidated net worth.  Woodward s Leverage Ratio cannot exceed   4.0   to 1.0   during any material acquisition period, or   3.5   to 1.0   at any other time on a   rolling four quarter basis  . In the event that Woodward s Leverage Ratio exceeds 3.5 to 1.0 during any material acquisition period, the interest rate on each series of Notes will increase.  Further     for the USD Notes  , Woodward s consolidated net worth must at all times equal or exceed   $800,000  ,    plus   50%   of Woodward s consolidated net earnings for each fiscal year beginning with the fiscal y  ear ending September 30, 2014 and for the 2016 Notes, Woodward s consolidated net worth must at all times equal or exceed   $1,046,619   plus   50%   of Woodward s positive net income for each completed fiscal year beginning with   the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016  .   

Woodward, at its option, is permitted at any time to prepay all,   or any part of   the then  -  outstanding principal amount of any series of the Notes at   100%   of the principal amount of the series of Notes to be prepaid (but, in the case of partial prepayment, not less than   $1,000   for the USD Notes and not less than    1,000   for the 2016 Notes  ), together with interest accrued on such amount to be prepaid to the date of payment, plus any applicable prepayment compensation amount. The prepayment compensation amount, as to the   USD   Notes other than the   Series J   Notes, is   computed by discounting the remaining scheduled payments of interest and principal of the USD Notes being prepaid at a discount rate equal to the sum of 50 basis points and the yield to maturity of U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity equal to the remaining average life of the USD Notes being prepaid  . The prepayment compensation amount, as to the   Series J   Notes, generally is   computed as a percentage of the principal amount of the Series J Notes equal to (a) 2%, on or prior to November 15, 2014, (b) 1%, after November 15, 2014 and on or prior to November 15, 2015, and (c) 0% after November 15, 2015  .    The prepayment compensation amount as to the 2016 Notes that is not subject to a swap agreement is   computed by discounting the remaining scheduled payments of interest and principal of such notes being prepaid at a discount rate equal to the sum of 50 basis points and the yield to maturity of the German Bund having a maturity equal to the remaining average life of the 2016 Notes being prepaid  .  The prepayment compensation amount as to a 2016 Note that is subject to a swap agreement entered into by the holder of such note under which the holder will receive payment in U.S. dollars in exchange for scheduled Euro payments of principal and interest on the Euro denominated 2016 Notes,   adjusted for theoretical holder returns foregone on hypothetical reinvestments in U.S. Treasury securities (the  Swapped Notes ) is equal to the excess of an amount equal to the remaining scheduled payments to be paid in respect of such called principal under such swap agreement discounted at a rate equal to 50 basis points and the yield to maturity of U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity equal to the remaining average life of the Swapped Notes being prepaid over the amount of payments in U.S. dollars that would be paid to the holder of the Swapped Note in respect of the called principal under the swap agreement, which amount will be increased or reduced, as applicable, in an amount equal to any net gain or loss realized by the holder of such Swapped Note on swap transactions under such swap agreement as a result of such prepayment. 

75   

Required future principal payments of the Notes as of September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

Certain financial and other covenants under Woodward's debt agreements contain customary restrictions on the operation of its business.  Management believes that Woodward was in compliance with the covenants under the long-term debt agreements at September 30, 2016. 

Debt Issuance Costs 

In connection with the 2016 Note Purchase Agreements, in fiscal year 2016, Woodward incurred   $863   in financing costs, which are deferred and will be amortized using the straight-line method over the life of the agreement. 

In connection with the Revolving Credit Agreement, in fiscal year 2015, Woodward incurred   $2,359   in financing costs, which are deferred and are being amortized using the straight-line method over the life of the agreement.  As of April 28, 2015, Woodward also had   $2,014   remaining of deferred financing costs incurred in connection with the prior revolving credit agreement, which have been combined with the financing costs associated with the Revolving Credit Agreement and are being amortized using the straight-line method over the life of the Revolving Credit Agreement. 

In connection with the 2013 Note Purchase Agreement, in fiscal year 2014, Woodward incurred   $1,297   in financing costs, which are deferred and will be amortized using the straight-line method over the life of the agreement. 

Amounts recognized as interest expense from the amortization of debt issuance costs were   $1,165   in fiscal year 2016,   $1,114   in fiscal year 2015, and   $1,014   in fiscal year 2014.    Unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the 2016 Notes and USD Notes of   $2,091   as of September 30, 2016 and   $1,512   as of September 30, 2015 have been recorded as a reduction in  Long-term debt, less current portion  at the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the Revolving Credit Agreement of   $3,134   as of September 30, 2016 and   $4,009   as of September 30, 2015 have been recorded as  Other assets  at the Consolidated Balance Sheets.    Amortization of debt issuance costs is included in operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

Note 1  3  .  Accrued liabilities 

(1) 

In connection with Woodward s acquisition of GE Aviation Systems LLC s (the  Seller ) thrust reverser actuation systems business located in Duarte, California (the  Duarte Acquisition ) in fiscal year 2013, Woodward assumed current and long-term performance obligations for contractual commitments that are expected to result in future economic losses.  In addition, Woodward assumed current and long-term performance obligations for services to be  

76   

provided to the Seller and others, partially offset by current and long-term assets related to contractual payments due from the Seller.  The current portion of both obligations is included in Accrued liabilities.     

Warranties 

Provisions of Woodward s sales agreements include product warranties customary to these types of agreements.  Accruals are established for specifically identified warranty issues that are probable to result in future costs.  Warranty costs are accrued on a non-specific basis whenever past experience indicates a normal and predictable pattern exists.  Changes in accrued product warranties were as follows: 

Loss reserve on contractual lease commitments 

In connection with the construction of a new production facility in Niles, Illinois, Woodward vacated a leased facility in Skokie, Illinois.  During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 Woodward fully vacated the Skokie facility and therefore recorded a charge of   $8,165   to recognize a loss reserve against the estimated remaining contractual lease commitments, less anticipated sublease income. 

The summary for the activity in the loss reserve during the   twelve  -months ended   September   30, 2016 is as follows: 

Other liabilities included   $7,402   of accrued loss reserve on contractual lease commitments that are not expected to be settled or paid within twelve months   as of September   30, 2016. 

77   

Note 14  .  Other liabilities 

(1) 

See Note 4,   Joint venture   for more information on the deferred income from JV formation.     

(2) 

In connection with the Duarte business acquisition in fiscal year 2013, Woodward assumed current and long-term performance obligations for contractual commitments that are expected to result in future economic losses.  The long-term portion of the acquired unfavorable contracts is included in Other liabilities.     

(3) 

Woodward receives certain economic incentives from various state and local authorities related to capital expansion projects.  Such amounts are initially recorded as deferred credits and are being recognized as a reduction to   pre-tax   expense over the economic lives of the related capital expansion projects.     

(4) 

See Note 13,   Accrued liabilites   for more information on the loss reserve on contractual lease commitments.     

Note 15  .  Other (income) expense, net   

Note 1  6  .  Income taxes  

Income taxes consisted of the following: 

78   

Earnings before income taxes by geographical area consisted of the following: 

Significant components of deferred income taxes presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are related to the following: 

Woodward has recorded a net operating loss ( NOL ) deferred tax asset of $5,255 as of September 30, 2016 and   $6,537   as of September 30, 2015.  A portion of these carryforwards will start to expire in 2018 and are currently offset by a valuation allowance, while the remaining portion has an indefinite carryforward period and has no valuation allowance against it. 

Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  Both positive and negative evidence are considered in forming Woodward s judgment as to whether a valuation allowance is appropriate, and more weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified.  Valuation allowances are reassessed whenever there are changes in circumstances that may cause a change in judgment.  The change in the valuation allowance was primarily the result of current year earnings and projected future earnings in a wholly-owned subsidiary that had net operating losses that are no longer subject to a full valuation allowance. 

At September 30, 2016, Woodward has not provided for taxes on undistributed foreign earnings of $335,881 that it considered indefinitely reinvested.  These earnings could become subject to income taxes if they are remitted as dividends, are loaned to Woodward or any of Woodward s subsidiaries located in the United States, or if Woodward sells its stock in the foreign subsidiaries.  Any additional U.S. taxes could be offset, in part or in whole, by foreign tax credits.  The amount of such taxes and application of tax credits would be dependent on the income tax laws and other circumstances at the time these amounts are repatriated.  Based on these variables, it is impractical to determine the income tax liability that might be incurred if these funds were to be repatriated. 

79   

On October 14, 2016, the U.S. Treasury issued final regulations that could potentially affect the classification of debt and equity investments within a controlled group of companies (referred to as the Section 385 Regulations).  At this time, Woodward does not anticipate that these rules will have a significant impact on Woodward s tax rate.  

The following is a reconciliation of the U.S. Federal statutory tax rate of 35 percent to Woodward s effective income tax rate: 

In determining the tax amounts in Woodward s financial statements, estimates are sometimes used that are subsequently adjusted in the actual filing of tax returns or by updated calculations.  In addition, Woodward occasionally has resolutions of tax items with tax authorities related to prior years due to the conclusion of audits and the lapse of applicable statutes of limitations.  Such adjustments are included in the  Adjustments of prior period tax items  line in the above table.  The majority of these adjustments are related to the conclusion of audits, effective settlement, and lapse of applicable statutes of limitations in various tax jurisdictions.   

On December 18, 2015, the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes (PATH) Act of 2015 was enacted, which permanently extended the R E Credit.  As a result, income taxes for the year ended September 30, 2016 included a net   benefit   related to the retroactive impact from the last three quarters of fiscal year 2015 of the R E Credit pursuant to the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act.  In addition, income taxes for the year ended September 30, 2016 included a net   benefit   related to the full year impact of fiscal year 2016 of the R E Credit. 

On December 19, 2014, the Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014 was enacted, which retroactively extended the R E Credit through December 31, 2014.  As a result, income taxes for the year ended September   30  , 2015 included a net benefit related to the retroactive impact from the last three quarters of fiscal year 2014 of the R E Credit pursuant to the Tax Increase Prevention Act.   

As disclosed in Note 2,   New accounting standards  , Woodward adopted ASU 2016-09 in its second quarter of fiscal year 2016 resulting in   the recognition through earnings of a net excess income tax benefit from stock  -based   compensation  .   

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of gross unrecognized tax benefits follows: 

Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits were   $11,426   as of   September   30, 2016 and   $10,494   as of September 30, 2015   of tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.  At this time, Woodward estimates that it is reasonably possible that the liability for unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by as much as   $8,433   in the next twelve months due to the completion of reviews by tax authorities  , lapses of statutes,   and the settlement of tax positions.  Woodward accrues for potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits and all other interest and penalties  

80   

related to tax payments in tax expense.  Woodward had accrued gross interest and penalties of   $1,273   as of   September   30, 2016 and   $859   as of September 30, 2015. 

Woodward s tax returns are subject to audits by U.S. federal, state, and foreign tax authorities, and these audits are at various stages of completion at any given time.  Reviews of tax matters by authorities and lapses of the applicable statutes of limitations may result in changes to tax expense.  Fiscal years remaining open to examination in significant foreign jurisdictions include 2008 and forward.    Woodward s fiscal years remaining open to examination in the United States include fiscal years 2013 and thereafter  .    Woodward is currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for fiscal year ended September 30, 2014  .  Woodward has concluded U.S. federal income tax examinations through fiscal year 2012.  Woodward is generally subject to U.S. state income tax examinations for fiscal years 2012 and the periods thereafter. 

Note 1  7  .  Retirement benefits 

Woodward provides various retirement benefits to eligible members of the Company, including contributions to various defined contribution plans, pension benefits associated with defined benefit plans, postretirement medical benefits and postretirement life insurance benefits.  Eligibility requirements and benefit levels vary depending on employee location. 

Defined contribution plans 

Most of the Company s U.S. employees are eligible to participate in the U.S. defined contribution plan.  The U.S. defined contribution plan allows employees to defer part of their annual income for income tax purposes into their personal 401(k) accounts.  The Company makes matching contributions to eligible employee accounts, which are also deferred for employee personal income tax purposes.  Certain foreign employees are also eligible to participate in foreign plans. 

Most of Woodward s U.S. employees with at least two years of service receive an annual contribution of Woodward stock, equal to 5% of their eligible prior year wages, to their personal Woodward Retirement Savings Plan accounts.  In the second quarter of fiscal years 2016  , 2015   and 201  4  , Woodward fulfilled its annual Woodward stock contribution obligation using shares held in treasury stock by issuing   317   shares of common stock for a total value of   $13,999   in fiscal year 2016  ,     259   shares of common stock for a total value of   $12,574   in fiscal year 2015  , and   260   shares of common stock for a total value of   $11,193   in fiscal year 2014  .    The Woodward Retirement Savings Plan (the  WRS Plan ) held 4,48  8   shares of Woodward stock as of September 30, 2016 and   4,887   shares as of September 30, 2015.  The shares held in the WRS Plan participate in dividends and are considered issued and outstanding for purposes of calculating basic and diluted earnings per share.  Accrued liabilities included obligations to contribute shares of Woodward common stock to the WRS Plan of $11,314 as of September 30, 2016 and   $11,342   as of September 30, 2015. 

The amount of expense associated with defined contribution plans was as follows: 

Defined benefit plans 

Woodward has defined benefit plans that provide pension benefits for certain retired employees in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Japan.  Woodward also provides other postretirement benefits to its employees including postretirement medical benefits and life insurance benefits.  Postretirement medical benefits are provided to certain current and retired employees and their covered dependents and beneficiaries in the United States and the United Kingdom.  Life     insurance benefits are provided to certain retirees in the United States under frozen plans, which are no longer available to current employees.  A September 30 measurement date is utilized to value plan assets and obligations for all of Woodward s defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 

During the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, Woodward opened a lump-sum buy-out window for certain former U.S. employees and/or their dependents eligible to receive postretirement defined benefit pension payments for past employment services to the Company.  Eligible pension plan participants may elect to receive a one-time lump-sum payment or an immediate annuity in lieu of future pension benefit payments.  Pension benefit payments under the lump-sum buy-out options were   $  5,008 during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016.  Woodward estimates that pension benefit payments under the lump-sum buy-out options may be up to approximately $700 during fiscal year 2017.  Such lump-sum payments will be paid from available pension plan assets. 

Effective June 30, 2015, the Company terminated the defined benefit pension plan for employees at its Duarte, California manufacturing facility   (the  Duarte Pension Plan )  .  The plan, which was established in fiscal year 2013 in connection with the December 2012 acquisition of the Duarte business, was amended in fiscal year 2013 to cease all future benefit accruals  

81   

under the plan and was at that time closed to new entrants.    R  egulatory approval of the plan termination   was received in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016  .  In exchange for the freeze and termination of the plan, which were agreed upon through negotiations with the applicable employee union,   the employees were provided replacement benefits through full participation in the Woodward U.S. defined contribu  tion plan.    Woodward recorded settlement costs of $47 in fiscal year 2016 in connection with cash payouts to the beneficiaries of the plan and associated termination costs.  As of September 30, 2016 Woodward had no liability associated with the Duarte Pension Plan.       

In addition to the Duarte Pension Plan, excluding the Woodward HRT Plan, the defined benefit plans in the United States were frozen in fiscal year 2007 and no additional employees may participate in the U.S. plans and no additional service costs will be incurred.    

Pension plans 

The actuarial assumptions used in measuring the net periodic benefit cost and plan obligations of retirement pension benefits were as follows: 

The discount rate assumption is intended to reflect the rate at which the retirement benefits could be effectively settled based upon the assumed timing of the benefit payments.  

In the United States, Woodward uses   a bond portfolio matching analysis based on recently traded, non-callable bonds rated AA or better that have at least $50 million   outstanding t  o determine the benefit obligations at year end.   

82   

In the United Kingdom and Japan, Woodward uses a high-quality corporate bond yield curve matched with separate cash flows to develop   a single rate to determine the single rate equivalent to settle the entire benefit obligations in each jurisdiction.      For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, t  he discount rate used to determine periodic   service cost and interest cost components   of the overall benefit costs   was   based on spot rates derived from the same high-quality corporate bond yield curve used     to determine th  e September 30, 2015   benefit obligation matched with separate cash flows for each future year.    Prior to this change in method, the discount rate used to determine the periodic benefit costs for the years ending September 30, 2015 and 2014 was based on a single rate equivalent. 

2016  

2015  

2014  

Switzerland:  

Weighted-average assumptions to determine benefit obligation at September 30:  

Discount rate  

n/a  

n/a  

n/a  

Rate of compensation increase  

n/a  

n/a  

n/a  

Weighted-average assumptions to determine periodic benefit costs for years ended September 30:  

Discount rate  

n/a  

n/a  

2.25 

%  

Rate of compensation increase  

n/a  

n/a  

2.00 

Long-term rate of return on plan assets   

n/a  

n/a  

2.25 

In Switzerland, Woodward used high quality swap rates plus a credit spread of 0.20% in fiscal year 2013 as high quality swaps are available in Switzerland at various durations and trade at higher volumes than bonds.  Woodward s assumed rate in Switzerland did not differ significantly from this benchmark.    As of September 30, 2014 Woodward no longer sponsors a defined benefit plan is Switzerland. 

Compensation increase assumptions, where applicable, are based upon historical experience and anticipated future management actions. 

In determining the long-term rate of return on plan assets, Woodward assumes that the historical long-term compound growth rates of equity and fixed-income securities will predict the future returns of similar investments in the plan portfolio.  Investment management and other fees paid out of the plan assets are factored into the determination of asset return assumptions. 

Mortality assumptions are based on published mortality studies developed primarily based on past experience of the broad population and modified for projected longevity trends.  The projected benefit obligations in the United   States as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015    w  ere   based on the Society of Actuaries ( SOA ) RP-2014 Mortality Tables Report projected back to 200  6   using the SOA s Mortality Improvement Scale MP-2014 ( MP-2014 ) and projected forward using a custom projection scale based on MP-2014 with a 10-year convergence period and a long-term rate of 0.75%.  As of September 30, 201  6   and September 30, 201  5  , mortality assumptions in Japan were based on the Standard rates 2014  , and   mortality assumptions for the United Kingdom pension scheme were based on the Self-administered pension scheme ( SAPS ) S2  all  tables with a projected 1.5% annual improvement rate.  

83   

Net periodic benefit costs consist of the following components reflected as expense in Woodward s Consolidated Statements of Earnings: 

The   settlement loss   in  United States  in the year ended September 30, 201  6   pertained   to cash payouts to the beneficiaries of the Duarte Pension Plan and associated termination costs  . 

The curtailment   gain   in  United States  in the year ended September 30, 2014 pertained to amendments made to one of Woodward s plans that resulted in a freeze to the benefits of certain U.S. employees in California. 

The curtailment gain   in  Other Countries  in the year ended September 30, 2014 pertained to workforce reductions related to the closure of Woodward s Swiss facility in connection with the realignment of the renewable power business that occurred in the third quarter of fiscal year 2013. 

84   

The following tables provide a reconciliation of the changes in the projected benefit obligation and fair value of assets for the defined benefit pension plans: 

At September 30, 201  6  , the Company s   defined benefit pension plans   in the United Kingdom represented   $59,896   of the total projected benefit obligation and in Japan represented   $12,161   of the total projected benefit obligation.  At September 30, 201  6  , the United Kingdom represented   $50,91  4   of the total fair value of plan assets and Japan represented   $12,012   of the total fair value of plan assets.  

The accumulated benefit obligations of the Company s defined benefit pension plans at September 30, 201  6    was   $160,892   in the United States and   $68,801   in Other Countries, and at September 30, 201  5    was   $145,870   in the United States and   $59,742     in Other Countries. 

85   

The following tables provide the amounts recognized in the statement of financial position and accumulated other comprehensive losses for the defined benefit pension plans: 

The following table reconciles the changes in accumulated other comprehensive losses for the defined benefit pension plans: 

The amounts expected to be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive losses and reported as a component of net periodic benefit cost during fiscal year 2017 are as follows: 

Pension benefit payments are made from the assets of the pension plans.  Using foreign exchange rates as of September 30, 2016 and expected future service assumptions, it is anticipated that the future benefit payments will be as follows: 

86   

Woodward expects its pension plan contributions in fiscal year 201  7   will be   $425   in the   United Kingdom   and   $288   in Japan.    Woodward expects to have   no pension plan contributions in fiscal year 2017 in   the United States  . 

Pension plan assets 

The overall investment objective of the pension plan assets is to earn a rate of return over time which, when combined with Company contributions, satisfies the benefit obligations of the pension plans and maintains sufficient liquidity to pay benefits.  

As the timing and nature of the plan obligations varies for each Company sponsored pension plan, investment strategies have been individually designed for each pension plan with a common focus on maintaining diversified investment portfolios that provide for long-term growth while minimizing the risk to principal associated with short-term market behavior.  The strategy for each of the plans balances the requirements to generate returns, using investments expected to produce higher returns, such as equity securities, with the need to control risk within the pension plans using less volatile investment assets, such as debt securities.  A strategy of more equity-oriented allocation is adopted for those plans which have a longer-term investment plan based on the timing of the associated benefit obligations.   

A pension oversight committee is assigned by the Company to each pension plan.  Among other responsibilities, each committee is responsible for all asset class allocation decisions.  Asset class allocations, which are reviewed by the respective pension committee on at least an annual basis, are designed to meet or exceed certain market benchmarks   and   align with each plan s investment objectives.  In evaluating the asset allocation choices, consideration is given to the proper long-term level of risk for each plan, particularly with respect to the long-term nature of each plan s liabilities, the impact of asset allocation on investment results and the corresponding impact on the volatility and magnitude of plan contributions and expense and the impact certain actuarial techniques may have on the plans  recognition of investment experience.  From time to time, the plans may move outside the prescribed asset class allocation in order to meet significant liabilities with respect to one or more individuals approaching retirement.   

Risks associated with the plan assets include interest rate fluctuation risk, market fluctuation risk, risk of default by debt issuers and liquidity risk.  To manage these risks, the assets are managed by established, professional investment firms and performance is evaluated regularly by the Company s pension oversight committee against specific benchmarks and each plan s investment objectives.  Liability management and asset class diversification are central to the Company s risk management approach and overall investment strategy.  

The assets of the U.S. plans are invested in actively managed mutual funds.  The assets of the plan  s   in Japan and the plan in the United Kingdom are invested in actively managed pooled investment funds.  Each individual mutual fund or pooled investment fund has been selected based on the investment strategy of the related plan, which mirrors a specific asset class within the associated target allocation.  Pension plan assets at September 30, 201  6   and 201  5   do not include any direct investment in Woodward s common stock. 

87   

The asset allocations are monitored and rebalanced regularly by investment managers assigned to the individual pension plans.  The actual allocations of pension plan assets and target allocation ranges by asset class, are as follows: 

Actual allocations to each asset class can vary from target allocations due to periodic market value fluctuations, investment strategy changes, and the timing of benefit payments and contributions.  

88   

The following table presents Woodward s pension plan assets using the fair value hierarchy established by U.S. GAAP as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

89   

Cash and cash equivalents:   Cash and cash equivalents held by the Company's pension plans are held on deposit with creditworthy financial institutions.  The fair value of the cash and cash equivalents are based on the quoted market price of the respective currency in which the cash is maintained. 

Pension assets invested in mutual funds  : The assets of the Company s U.S. pension plans are invested in various mutual funds which invest in both equity and debt securities.  The fair value of the mutual funds is determined based on the quoted market price of each fund. 

Pension assets invested in pooled funds  : The assets of the Company s Japan and United Kingdom pension plans are invested in pooled investment funds, which include both equity and debt securities.  The assets of the United Kingdom pension plan are invested in index-linked pooled funds which aim to replicate the movements of an underlying market index to which the fund is linked.  Fair value of the pooled funds is based on the net asset value of shares held by the plan as reported by the fund sponsors.  All pooled funds held by plans outside of the United States are considered to be invested in international equity and debt securities.  Although the underlying securities may be largely domestic to the plan holding the investment assets, the underlying assets are considered international from the perspective of the Company.  

There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 assets in fiscal years 201  6   or 201  5  . 

Other postretirement benefit plans 

Woodward provides other postretirement benefits to its employees including postretirement medical benefits and life insurance benefits.  Postretirement medical benefits are provided to certain current and retired employees and their covered dependents and beneficiaries in the United States and the United Kingdom.  Benefits include the option to elect company provided medical insurance coverage to age   65   and a Medicare supplemental plan after age 65.  Life insurance benefits are provided to certain retirees in the United States under frozen plans which are no longer available to current employees.  A September 30 measurement date is utilized to value plan assets and obligations for Woodward s other postretirement benefit plans.   

The postretirement medical benefit plans, other than the plan assumed in an acquisition in fiscal year 2009, were frozen in fiscal year 2006 and no additional employees may participate in the plans.  Generally, employees who had attained age   55   and had rendered 10 or more years of service before the plans were frozen were eligible for these postretirement medical benefits.  

Certain participating retirees are required to contribute to the plans in order to maintain coverage.  The plans provide postretirement medical benefits for approximately   800   retired employees and their covered dependents and beneficiaries and may provide future benefits to approximately   20   active employees and their covered dependents and beneficiaries, upon retirement, if the employees elect to participate.  All the postretirement medical plans are fully insured for retirees who have attained age 65. 

The actuarial assumptions used in measuring the net periodic benefit cost and plan obligations of postretirement benefits were as follows: 

The discount rate assumption is intended to reflect the rate at which the postretirement benefits could be effectively settled based upon the assumed timing of the benefit payments.   

In the United St  ates,   Woodward used a bond portfolio matching analysis based on recently traded, non-callable bonds rated AA or better that have at least $50 million outstanding     t  o determine the benefit obligations at year end.   

In the United Kingdom,   Woodward uses a high-quality corporate bond yield curve matched with separate cash flows to develop   a single rate to determine the single rate equivalent to settle the entire benefit obligations in each jurisdiction.      For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, t  he discount rate used to determine periodic   service cost and interest cost components   of the overall benefit costs   was   based on spot rates derived from the same high-quality corporate bond yield curve used     to   determine the September 30, 2015   benefit obligation matched with separate cash flows for each future year.    Prior to this change in method, the discount rate used to determine the periodic benefit costs for the years ending September 30, 2015 and 2014 was based on a single rate equivalent. 

Mortality assumptions are based on published mortality studies developed primarily based on past experience of the broad population and modified for projected longevity trends.  The projected benefit obligations in the United States as of September 30, 2016 and September 2015 was based on the SOA s RP-2014 Mortality Tables Report projected back to 2006  

90   

using the SOA s MP-2014 and projected forward using a custom projection scale based on MP-2014 with a 10-year convergence period and a long-term rate of 0.75%.  As of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, mortality assumptions for the United Kingdom postretirement medical plan were based on the SAPS S2  all  tables with a projected 1.5% annual improvement rate. 

Assumed healthcare cost trend rates at September 30, were as follows: 

Healthcare costs have generally trended upward in recent years, sometimes by amounts greater than 5%.  Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for postretirement medical plans.  A one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects: 

Net periodic benefit costs consist of the following components reflected as expense in Woodward s Consolidated Statements of Earnings: 

91   

The following table provides a reconciliation of the changes in the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation and fair value of assets for the postretirement benefits for the fiscal years ended September 30: 

The Company s postretirement medical plan in the United Kingdom represents   $467   of the total benefit obligation at September 30, 201  6  .  The Company paid   $14   in medical benefits to participants of the United Kingdom postretirement medical plan in fiscal year 201  6  . 

The following tables provide the amounts recognized in the statement of financial position and accumulated   other comprehensive losses   for the postretirement plans: 

Woodward pays plan benefits from its general funds; therefore, there are no segregated plan assets as of September 30, 201  6   or September 30, 201  5  .   

The accumulated benefit obligations of the Company s p  ostretirement plans were $35,630    a  t September 30, 2016 and   $34,927   at September 30, 201  5  . 

92   

The following table reconciles the changes in accumulated other comprehensive losses (earnings) for the other postretirement benefit plans: 

Using foreign currency exchange rates as of September 30, 2016 and expected future service, it is anticipated that the future Company contributions to pay benefits, excluding participate contributions, will be as follows: 

Multiemployer defined benefit plans 

Woodward operates two multiemployer defined benefit plans for certain employees in the Netherlands and Japan.  The amounts of contributions associated with the multiemployer plans were as follows: 

The plan in the Netherlands is a quasi-mandatory plan that covers all of Woodward s employees in the Netherlands and is part of the Dutch national pension system. 

The Company may elect to withdraw from its multiemployer plan in Japan, although it has no plans to do so.  If the Company elects to withdraw from the Japanese plan, it would incur an immaterial one-time contribution cost.  Changes in Japanese regulations     could trigger reorganization of or abolishment of the Japanese multiemployer plan, which could impact future funding levels. 

Note 18  .  Stockholders  equity 

Common Stock 

Holders of Woodward s common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and as declared by Woodward s Board of Directors and have the right to one vote per share on all matters requiring stockholder approval. 

Dividends declared and paid during the 2016, 2015 and 2014 fiscal years were: 

Stock repurchase program 

In the second quarter of fiscal year 2015, Woodward s Board of Directors terminated   the Company s   prior stock repurchase program and replaced it with a new program for the repurchase of up to   $300,000   of Woodward s outstanding  

93   

shares of common stock on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions over a   three  -year period that will end in 2018 (the  2015 Authorization ).   

In the third quarter of fiscal year 2015, Woodward entered into an ASR Agreement with Goldman under which Woodward repurchased shares of its common stock for an aggregate purchase price of   $125,000  .  A total of   2,506   shares of common stock were repurchased   pursuant to   the ASR Agreement under the 2015 Authorization. 

In the first quarter of fiscal year 2016,   Woodward executed a 10b5-1 plan     to repurchase up to   $125,000     of its common stock for a period that ended on April 20, 2016.  During fiscal year 2016, Woodward purchased   2,635   shares of its common stock for   $125,000     pursuant to   the 10b5-1 plan under the 2015 Authorization. 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-qualified stock option awards and restricted stock awards are granted to key management members and directors of the Company.  The grant date for these awards is used for the measurement date.  Vesting would be accelerated in the event of retirement, disability, or death of a participant, or change in control of the Company, as defined in the individual stock option agreements.  These awards are valued as of the measurement date and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite vesting period for all awards, including awards with graded vesting.  Stock for exercised stock options and for restricted stock awards is issued from treasury stock shares.   

Provisions governing outstanding stock option awards are included in the 2006 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  2006 Plan ) and the 2002 Stock Option Plan (the  2002 Plan ).  The 2002 Plan provided that no further grants would be made after December 31, 2006.  The 2006 Plan, which was approved by stockholders and became effective January 25, 2006, expired in fiscal year 2016.  No further grants will be made under either the 2002 Plan or the 2006 Plan.  A proposal for a successor plan to the 2006 Plan will be submitted by the Company for stockholder approval at the January   25,   2017 Annual Stockholder Meeting.  

Stock-based compensation expense recognized was as follows: 

Stock options 

Woodward s 2006 Plan, which was approved by Woodward s stockholders, provided for the grant of up to   7,410   shares of Woodward s common stock, including in the form of stock options to its employees and directors.    Equity awards under the 2006 Plan include grants of stock options to Woodward employees and directors.  Woodward believes that these stock options align the interests of its employees and directors with those of its stockholders.  Stock option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of   Woodward s   stock at the date of grant, a   ten  -year term, and generally a   four  -year vesting schedule at a rate of   25  % per year. 

The fair value of options granted was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-valuation model using the assumptions in the following table.  Woodward calculates the expected term, which represents the period of time that stock options granted are expected to be outstanding, based upon historical experience of plan participants.  Expected volatility is based on historical volatility using daily stock price observations.  The estimated dividend yield is based upon Woodward s historical dividend practice and the market value of its common stock.  The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. treasury yield curve, for periods within the contractual life of the stock option, at the time of grant. 

The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted follows: 

94   

The following is a summary of the activity for stock option awards during the   fiscal year   ended   September   30, 2016: 

Exercise prices of stock options outstanding as of September 30, 201  6   range from   $18.49   to   $46.55  . 

Changes in non-vested stock options during the   fiscal year   ended   September   30, 2016 were as follows: 

Information about stock options that have vested, or are expected to vest, and are exercisable at   September   30, 2016 was as follows: 

Other information follows: 

Restricted Stock 

In the first quarter of fiscal year 2014, Woodward granted an award of   24   shares of restricted stock to its Chief Executive Officer and President, Thomas A. Gendron.  Subject to Mr. Gendron s continued employment by the Company, these shares of restricted stock will vest 100% following the end of the Company s fiscal year   2017   if a specified cumulative earnings per share ( EPS ) target is met or exceeded for fiscal years 2014 through   2017  .  If this EPS target is not met, all shares of restricted stock will be forfeited by Mr. Gendron.   

The shares of restricted stock were awarded to Mr. Gendron pursuant to a form restricted stock agreement approved by Woodward s Compensation Committee (the  Committee ) of the Board of Directors.  The restricted stock agreement generally provides that: if the recipient of a restricted stock award is terminated from the Company for any reason other than death or disability during the restricted period, all shares of restricted stock will be immediately forfeited; if the recipient dies or becomes permanently disabled prior to the recipient s termination and during the restricted period, all restrictions will lapse and the shares of restricted stock will fully vest immediately; similarly, in the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the form of restricted stock agreement) of the Company during the restricted period and prior to the recipient s termination  

95   

for any reason, all restrictions will lapse and the shares of restricted stock will fully vest immediately; during the restricted period, a recipient may exercise full voting rights with respect to the shares of restricted stock; dividends on the shares of restricted stock will accrue, but will not be paid, during the restricted period; and all dividends accrued during the restricted period will be paid upon any vesting of the shares of restricted stock, without payment of interest, provided that if the shares of restricted stock are forfeited for any reason, all accrued dividends will likewise be forfeited.  The form of restricted stock agreement also includes adjustment provisions in the event the Company engages in certain recapitalization or similar transactions or in the event of a change of law or regulation.  Upon vesting, shares become freely transferrable. 

A summary of the activity for restricted stock awards in the   fiscal year   ended   September   30, 2016 follows: 

Woodward recognizes stock compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period.    Pursuant to the form stock option agreements, the requisite service period can be less than the four-year vesting period due to grantee s retirement eligibility.  As such, the recognition of stock-based compensation expense associated with some stock option grants can be accelerated to a period of less than four years, including immediate recognition of stock-based compensation on the date of grant. 

At September   30, 2016, there was approximately   $8,067   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements, both stock options and restricted stock awards, granted under the 2002 Plan and the 2006 Plan (for which no further grants will be made under either plan).  The pre-vesting forfeiture rates for purposes of determining stock-based compensation cost recognized were estimated to be   0  %   for members of Woodward s board of directors and   9%   for all others.  The remaining unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately   2.1   years. 

Note 19.  Commitments and contingencies 

Woodward has entered into operating leases for certain facilities and equipment with terms in excess of one year   under agreements that expire at various dates  .  Some   leases require the payment of property taxes, insurance, and maintenance costs in addition to rental payments.    Woodward has also entered into capital leases for equipment with terms in excess of one year under agreements that expire at various dates.    Future minimum payments required under these leases, excluding available option renewals, are as follows: 

Rent expense for all operating leases totaled: 

Woodward enters into unconditional purchase obligation arrangements (i.e. issuance of purchase orders, obligations to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices, such as "take-or- 

96   

pay" contracts) in the normal course of business to ensure that adequate levels of sourced product are available to Woodward.  Future minimum unconditional purchase obligations are as follows: 

The U.S. Government, and other governments, may terminate any of Woodward s government contracts (and, in general, subcontracts) at their convenience, as well as for default based on specified performance measurements.  If any of Woodward s government contracts were to be terminated for convenience, the Company generally would be entitled to receive payment for work completed and allowable termination or cancellation costs.  If any of Woodward s government contracts were to be terminated for Woodward s default, the U.S. Government generally would pay only for the work accepted, and could require Woodward to pay the difference between the original contract price and the cost to re-procure the contract items, net of the work accepted from the original contract.  The U.S. Government could also hold Woodward liable for damages resulting from the default. 

Woodward is currently involved in claims, pending or threatened litigation or other legal proceedings, investigations and/or regulatory proceedings arising in the normal course of business, including, among others, those relating to product liability claims, employment matters, worker s compensation claims, contractual disputes, product warranty claims and alleged violations of various laws and regulations.  Woodward accrues for known individual matters where it believes that it is probable the matter will result in a loss when ultimately resolved using estimates of the most likely amount of loss.   

Legal costs are expensed as incurred and are classified in  Selling, general and administrative expenses  on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 

Woodward is partially self-insured in the United States for healthcare and worker s compensation up to predetermined amounts, above which third party insurance applies.  Management regularly reviews the probable outcome of these claims and proceedings, the expenses expected to be incurred, the availability and limits of the insurance coverage, and the established accruals for liabilities.  

While the outcome of pending claims, legal and regulatory proceedings, and investigations cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that any liabilities that may result from these claims, proceedings and investigations will not have a material effect on Woodward's liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations. 

In the event of a change in control of Woodward, as defined in change-in-control agreements with its current corporate officers, Woodward may be required to pay termination benefits to such officers. 

Note 20  .  Segment information 

Woodward serves the aerospace, industrial and energy markets through its   two   reportable segments - Aerospace and Industrial.  Woodward s reportable segments are aggregations of Woodward s operating segments.  Woodward uses operating segment information internally to manage its business, including the assessment of operating segment performance and decisions for the allocation of resources between operating segments. 

In the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, Woodward changed the name of its Energy segment to Industrial.  The term  energy  is largely viewed as  oil and gas  and therefore was not representative of the broader markets Woodward serves in this segment. 

The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those of the Company.  Woodward evaluates segment profit or loss based on internal performance measures for each segment in a given period.  In connection with that assessment, Woodward excludes matters such as certain charges for restructuring costs, interest income and expense, certain gains and losses from asset dispositions, or other non-recurring and/or non-operationally related expenses.   

97   

A summary of consolidated net sales and earnings by segment follows: 

Segment assets consist of accounts receivable, inventories, property, plant, and equipment, net, goodwill, and other intangibles, net.  A summary of consolidated total assets, consolidated depreciation and amortization and consolidated capital expenditures follows: 

Sales to General Electric were made by both of   Woodward s   reportable segments and totaled approximately 17  %   of net sales in fiscal year 2016,   18%   of net sales in fiscal year 2015, and   15%   of net sales in fiscal year 2014.  Accounts receivable from General Electric totaled approximately 14  %   of accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 and   15%   of accounts receivable at September 30, 2015. 

98   

U.S. Government related sales from Woodward s reportable segments were as follows: 

Accounts receivable from the U.S. Government totaled approximately 2  %   of accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 and   3%   of accounts receivable at September 30, 2015. 

The customers who account for approximately 10% or more of sales to each of Woodward s reportable segments for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 follow: 

Customer  

Aerospace  

Boeing, United Technologies  

Industrial  

General Electric  

Net sales by geographical area, as determined by the location of the customer invoiced, were as follows: 

99   

Property, plant, and equipment, net by geographical area, as determined by the physical location of the assets, were as follows: 

Note 21.    Supplemental quarterly financial data (Unaudited) 

Quarterly results for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 follow: 

Notes: 

1. 

Results for the first quarter of   fiscal year 2016 include special charges totaling approximately $16,100 related to   Woodward's   efforts to consolidate facilities, reduce costs and address current market conditions.       

2. 

Gross margin represents net sales less cost of goods sold excluding amortization expense.     

100   

Quarterly results by segment for the fiscal years ended September 30, 201  6   and September 30, 201  5   follow: 

Notes: 

1. 

The r  esults for   Nonsegement expenses for   the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 include special charges totaling approximately $16,100 related to Woodward's efforts to consolidate facilities, reduce costs and address current market conditions.       

101   

Item 9.          Changes in and     Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There have been no disagreements or any reportable events requiring disclosure under Item 304(b) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We have established disclosure controls and procedures, which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.  These disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Principal Executive Officer (Thomas A. Gendron, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President) and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer (Robert F. Weber, Jr., Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Thomas A. Gendron and Robert F. Weber, Jr., evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K.  Based on their evaluations, they concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company.  We have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting using the criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and, based on that evaluation, have concluded that   the   Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016, the end of the Company s most recent fiscal year. 

Deloitte   Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, conducted an audit of Woodward s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, as stated in their report included in  Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures.    

Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our Board of Directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;     

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorization of m  anagement and directors of the C  ompany; and     

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.     

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

102   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of   Woodward, Inc.   Fort Collins, Colorado 

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Woodward, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company's principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company's board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended September 30, 2016 of the Company and our report dated November 16, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule. 

/s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 

Denver, Colorado   November 16, 2016 

103   

Item 9B.      Other Information 

None. 

PART III 

Item 10.      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this item relating to our directors and nominees, regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Act of 1934, and regarding our Audit Committee is included under the captions  Board of Directors  ,   Board Meetings and Committees   Audit Committee  (including information with respect to audit committee financial experts),  Stock Ownership of Management,  and  Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance    in our Proxy Statement related to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held January   25  , 201  7   and is incor  porated herein by reference.    There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 

The information required by this item relating to the identities and background of our executive officers and other corporate officers is included under the caption  Executive Officers of the Registrant  in Item 1 of this report. 

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer.  This code of ethics is posted on our Website.  The Internet address for our Website is   www.woodward.com  , and the code of ethics may be found from our main Web page by clicking first on  Investors  and then on  Corporate Governance,  and then on  Woodward Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics.   

We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code of ethics by posting such information to our Website, at the address and location specified above. 

Item 11.      Executive Compensation 

Information regarding executive compensation is under the captions  Board Meetings and Committees   Director Compensation,   Board Meetings and Committees   Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,   Compensation Discussion and Analysis,   Compensation Committee Report on Compensation Discussion and Analysis,   Executive Compensation  and  Board Meetings and Committees   Compensation Committee   Risk Assessment  in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders   to be held January   25  , 201  7  , and is incorporated herein by reference, except the section captioned  Compensation Committee Report on Compensation Discussion and Analysis  is hereby  furnished  and not  filed  with this Form 10-K. 

Item 12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters is under the tables captioned  Stock Ownership of Management,   Persons Owning More Than Five Percent of Woodward Stock,  and  Executive Compensation   Equity Compensation Plan Information  in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held   January   25  , 201  7  , and is incorporated herein by reference  . 

Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information set forth under  Board Meetings and Committees   Related Person Transaction Policies and Procedures,   Board of Directors  and  Audit Committee Report to Stockholders  in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of the   Stockholders to be held January 25  , 201  7   is incorporated herein by reference except the section captioned  Audit Committee Report  is hereby  furnished  and not  filed  with this Form 10-K.  

Item 14.      Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Information regarding principal accountant fees and services is under the captions  Audit Committee Report to Stockholders   Audit Committee s Policy on Pre-Approval of Services Provided by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  and  Audit Committee Report to Stockholders   Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held January   25  , 201  7  , and is incorporated herein by reference. 

104   

PART IV 

Item 15.      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Financial statements and schedules other than those listed above are omitted for the reason that they are not applicable, are not required, or the information is included in the financial statements or the footnotes. 

105   

106   

107   

Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following materials from Woodward, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity, and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  
					 
						 Incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Report (file number 000-08408, unless otherwise indicated).  

*  

Filed as an exhibit to this Report.  

108   

SIGN    ATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WOODWARD, INC.  

Date:  November 16  , 2016  

/s/   Thomas A. Gendron  

Thomas A. Gendron  

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President  
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date:    November 16  , 2016  

/s/   Robert F. Weber, Jr.  

Robert F. Weber, Jr.  

Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  
					 
						 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

109   

WOODWARD, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

SCHEDULE II       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

For the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014 

(in thousands) 

Notes: 

(a) 

Includes recoveries of accounts previously written off.      

(b) 

Represents accounts receivable written off against the allowance for collectible accounts and releases of valuation reserves to income tax expense.  Also included are foreign currency exchange rate adjustments.  Currency translation adjustments resulted in an increase in the reserves of $77 in fiscal year 2016, a decrease in the reserve of $934 in fiscal year 2015, and a decrease in the reserve of $704 in fiscal year 2014.      

110   

<EX-10.2>
 2
 wwd-20160930xex10_2.htm
 EX-10.2

WVIP

Exhibit   10.2 

Summary Description of Woodward Variable Incentive Plan  

Woodward, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the  Company ) has an annual short-term incentive compensation plan, which is provided to most employees of the Company, including but not limited to all Officers, through the Woodward Variable Incentive Plan (the  WVIP ).      The WVIP is designed to be competitive with compensation offerings in our peer comparator group and to align compensation with financial and operational performance drivers that are intended to benefit stockholders.      Specific performance measures under the WVIP may differ for various business or corporate groups and may include but are not limited to the following categories as determined, from time to time, by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors: 

Financial performance metrics, such as cash flow, earnings, revenues, return on invested capital, and total shareholder return, and in each case, as such metrics may be adjusted by the Compensation Committee;      

Product and operating performance metrics, such as the quality, design, creation, introduction, manufacture or delivery of products.       

The Compensation Committee has discretion to predetermine and/or modify the performance measures and threshold, target and maximum amounts payable under the Plan.      WVIP financial and product and operating performance metrics are generally measured with respect to the full fiscal year actual performance and are subject to approval by the Compensation Committee prior to payout for such fiscal year.  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.20>
 3
 wwd-20160930xex10_20.htm
 EX-10.20

WWD Inc NPA

Exhibit 10.20 

WOODWARD, INC. 

40,000,000 1.12  % Series M   Senior Notes due September 23  , 2026 

____________________________________ 

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

____________________________________ 

Dated September 23  , 2016 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

- i - 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

- ii - 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

- iii - 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

- iv - 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Schedule A  

--  

Information Relating to Purchasers  

Schedule B  

--  

Defined Terms  

Schedule 5.3  

--  

Disclosure Materials  

Schedule 5.4  

--  

Subsidiaries of the Company and Ownership of Subsidiary Stock  

Schedule 5.5  

--  

Financial Statements  

Schedule 5.15  

--  

Existing Indebtedness  

Schedule 8.8  

--  

Swapped Notes  

Schedule 10.6  

--  

Existing Liens  

Exhibit 1  

--  

Form of Series M Senior Note due September 23, 2026  

Exhibit 2  

--  

Form of Guaranty Agreement  

Exhibit 4.5(a)  

--  

Form of Opinion of Special Counsel for the Company and the      Closing Guarantors  

Exhibit 4.5(b)  

--  

Form of Opinion of Special Counsel for the Purchasers  

- v - 

Woodward, Inc. 

1081 Woodward Way 

Fort Collins, Colorado 80524 

40,000,000     1.12  % Series M   Senior Notes due September 23  , 2026 

September 23  , 2016 

To Each of the Purchasers Listed in 

Schedule A Hereto: 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Woodward, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with any successor thereto that becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 10.2, the    Company   ), agrees with each of the purchasers whose names appear at the end hereof (each, a    Purchaser    and, collectively, the    Purchasers   ) as follows: 

1.           AUTHORIZATION OF NOTES  . 

The Company will authorize the issue   and sale of  40,000,000   aggrega  te principal amount of its 1.12  % Series M   Senior Notes due September 23  , 2026 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time pursuant to Section 17, the    Notes    such term to include any such notes issued in substitution therefor pursuant to Section 13).  The Notes shall be substantially in the forms set out in   Exhibit 1  .  Certain capitalized and other terms used in this Agreement are defined in   Schedule B   and, for purposes of this Agreement, the rules of constr  uction set forth in Section 22.5   shall govern. 

2.           SALE AND PURCHASE OF NOTES; GUARANTEES  . 

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company will issue and sell to each Purchaser and each Purchaser will purchase from the Company, at the Closing provided for in Section 3, Notes in the principal amount specified opposite such Purchaser s name in   Schedule A   at the purchase price of 100% of the principal amount thereof.  The Purchasers  obligations hereunder are several and not joint obligations and no Purchaser shall have any liability to any Person for the performance or non-performance of any obligation by any other Purchaser hereunder. 

The obligations of the Company hereunder and under the Notes will be unconditionally guaranteed by   Woodward FST  , MPC Products and Woodward HRT (each a    Closing Guarantor    and, collectively, the    Closing Guarantors   ), and each other Subsidiary required to guaranty the Notes pursuant to Section 9.8 (together with the Closing Guarantors, each a    Guarantor    and, collectively, the    Guarantors   ), pursuant to that certain Guaranty Agreement dated   as of   the date of Closing (the    Guaranty Agreement   ) substantially in the form set forth in   Exhibit 2  . 

3.           CLOSING  . 

3.1           Closing. 

The sale and purchase of the Notes to be purchased   by   each Purchaser shall occur at the offices of Morgan, Lewis   Bockius LLP, at 101 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10178, at 10:00 a.m., New York time, at a closing (the      Closing     ) on September 23  , 2016.  At the  Closing, the Company will deliver to each Purchaser the Notes to be purchased by such Purchaser in the form of a single Note (or such greater number of Note  s in denominations of at least    100,000 as such Purchaser may request)   dated the date of Closing   and registered in such Purchaser     s name (or in the name of its nominee), against delivery by such Purchaser to the Company or its order of immediately available funds in the amount of the purchase price therefor by wire transfer of immediately available funds for the account of the Co  mpany to   Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.  . 

3.2           Failure of the Company to Deliver. 

If at the Closing the Company shall fail to tender any Note to any Purchaser on the date of Closing as provided above in this Section 3, or any of the conditions specified in Section 4 shall not have been fulfilled to such Purchaser s satisfaction, such Purchaser shall, at its election, be relieved of all further obligations under this Agreement, without thereby waiving any rights such Purchaser may have by reason of such failure or such nonfulfillment. 

4.           CONDITIONS TO CLOSING  . 

Each Purchaser s obligation to purchase and pay for the Notes to be sold to such Purchaser on the date of Closing is subject to the fulfillment to such Purchaser s satisfaction, prior to or at the date of Closing, of the following conditions: 

4.1           Representations and Warranties. 

(a)           The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement shall be correct (i) when made as of the date hereof and (ii) on the date of Closing. 

(b)           The representations and warranties of the Closing Guarantors in the Guaranty Agreement shall be correct   (i) when made as of the date hereof and (ii) on the date of Closing  . 

4.2           Performance; No Default. 

The Company   and the Closing Guarantors   shall have performed and complied with all agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement required to be   performed or complied with by the Company or the Closing Guarantors, as applicable, prior to or on the date of Closing   and after giving effect to the issue and sale of the Notes (and the application of the proceeds thereof as contemplated by Section 5.14), no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall have entered into any transaction since the date of the   Investor Presentation   that would have been prohibited by Section  s   10  .1, 10.2 or 10.3   had such Section  s   applied since such date  . 

2   

4.3           Compliance Certificates. 

(a)           Officer s Certificates. 

(i)            The Company shall have delivered to such Purchaser an Officer s Certificate, dated the date of Closing, certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 4.1(a), 4.2 and 4.10 have been fulfilled as of the date of Closing. 

(ii)           Each Closing Guarantor shall have delivered to such Purchaser an Officer s Certificate, dated the date of Closing, certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 4.1(b) and 4.2 (as to such Closing Guarantor) have been fulfilled as of the date of Closing. 

(b)           Secretary or Treasurer s Certificates. 

(i)            The Company shall have delivered to such Purchaser a certificate of its Secretary or Assistant Secretary, dated the date of Closing, certifying as to (A) the resolutions attached thereto and other corporate proceedings relating to the authorization, execution and delivery of the Notes and this Agreement and (B) the Company s organizational documents as then in effect. 

(ii)           Each Closing Guarantor shall have delivered to such Purchaser a certificate of its Secretary, Assistant Secretary or Treasurer, dated the date of Closing, certifying as to (A) the resolutions attached thereto and other corporate proceedings relating to the authorization, execution and delivery of the Guaranty Agreement and (B) such Closing Guarantor s   organizational documents as then in effect  . 

4.4           Guaranty Agreement. 

The Guaranty Agreement shall have been duly authorized, executed and delivered to each Purchaser by the Closing Guarantors, and shall be in full force and effect. 

4.5           Opinions of Counsel. 

Such Purchaser shall have received opinions in form and substance satisfactory to such Purchaser  , dated the date of Closing (a)   from Paul Hastings LLP, special counsel for the Company and the Closing Guarantors, covering the matters set forth in   Exhibit 4.5(a  )   and covering such other matters incident to the transactions contemplated hereby as such Purchaser or its counsel may reasonably request (and the Company hereby instructs its counsel to deliver such opinions to the Purchasers)   and (b  ) from Morgan, Lewis   Bockius LLP, the Purchasers  special counsel in connection with such transactions, substantially in the form set forth in   Exhibit 4.5(b  )   and covering such other matters incident to such transactions as such Purchaser may reasonably request. 

4.6           Purchase Permitted by Applicable Law, etc. 

On the     date of   Closing, such Purchaser s purchase of Notes to be purchased shall (a) be permitted by the laws and regulations of each jurisdiction to which such Purchaser is subject,  

3   

without recourse to provisions (such as Section 1405(a)(8) of the New York Insurance Law) permitting limited investments by insurance companies without restriction as to the character of the particular investment, (b) not violate any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) and (c) not subject such Purchaser to any tax, penalty or liability under or pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.  If requested by such Purchaser, such Purchaser shall have received an Officer s Certificate certifying as to such matters of fact as such Purchaser may reasonably specify to enable such Purchaser to determine whether such purchase is so permitted. 

4.7           Sale of Other Notes. 

Contemporaneously with the Closing the Company shall sell to each other Purchaser and each other Purchaser shall purchase the Notes to be purchased by it as specified in   Schedule A  . 

4.8           Payment of Special Counsel Fees. 

Without limiting the provisions of Section 15.1, the Company shall have paid on or before the Closing the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of the Purchasers  special counsel referred to in Section 4.5 to the extent reflected in a statement of such counsel rendered to the Company at least one Business Day prior to the Closing. 

4.9           Private Placement Numbers. 

A Private Placement Number issued by Standard   Poor s CUSIP Service Bureau (in cooperation with the SVO) shall have been obtained for the Notes. 

4.10           Changes in Corporate Structure. 

Neither the Company, nor any Closing Guarantor, shall have changed its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, as applicable, or been a party to any merger or consolidation or succeeded to all or any substantial part of the liabilities of any other entity at any time following the date of the most recent financial statements referred to in   Schedule 5.5  . 

4.11           Funding Instructions. 

At least three Busines  s Days prior to the date of   Closing, each Purchaser shall have received written instructions signed by a Responsible Officer on letterhead of the Company confirming the information specified in Section 3 including (i) the name and address of the transferee bank, (ii) such transferee bank s ABA number and (iii) the account name and number into which the purchase price for the Notes to be issued. 

4.12           Second Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement. 

The   Company   shall have delivered to the Purchasers  special counsel on or before the date of Closing a fully executed copy of the Second Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement. 

4   

4.13           Revolving Facility. 

The Company shall have delivered to the Purchasers  special counsel on or before the date of Closing, a fully executed copy of the Revolving Facility certified by a Responsible Officer as be  ing true, correct and complete. 

4.14           Woodward International Note Purchase Agreement. 

The Company shall ha  ve delivered to the Purchasers  special c  ounsel on or before the date of Closing a fully executed copy of the 2016 Cross-  Border Note Purchase Agreement   and such agreement shall be, or concu  rrently with this Agreement shall   be, in full force and effect.  

4.15           Proceedings and Documents. 

All corporate and other proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all documents and instruments incident to such transactions shall be satisfactory to such Purchaser and its special counsel, and such Purchaser and its special counsel shall have received all such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as such Purchaser or such special counsel may reasonably request. 

5.           REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY  . 

The Company represents and warrants to each Purchaser that: 

5.1           Organization; Power and Authority. 

Each of the Company and each Closing Guarantor is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its respective jurisdiction of incorporation, and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required by law, other than those jurisdictions as to which the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Each of the Company and each Closing Guarantor has the corporate power and authority to own or hold under lease the properties it purports to own or hold under lease and to transact the business it transacts and proposes to transact.  The Company has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Notes and to perform the provisions hereof and thereof, and each Closing Guarantor has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver the Guaranty Agreement and to perform the provisions thereof. 

5.2           Authorization, etc. 

(a)           This Agreement and the Notes have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, and this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery thereof each Note will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors   

5   

rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

(b)           The Guaranty Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Closing Guarantors, and the Guaranty Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Closing Guarantor enforceable against each Closing Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

5.3           Disclosure. 

The Company, through its agents,   Merrill Lynch, Pier  ce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated   and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC  , has delivered to each Purchaser a copy of a  n     Investor Presentation  , dated September   6,   2016 (the    Investor Presentation   ), relating to the transactions contemplated hereby.  The   Investor Presentation   fairly describes, in all material respects, the general nature of the business and principal properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries.  This Agreement, the Guaranty Agreement, the   Investor Presentation   and the documents, certificates or other writings delivered to the Purchasers by or on behalf of the Company or the Closing Guarantors in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and identified in   Schedule 5.3  , and the financial statements listed in   Schedule 5.5   (this Agreement, the Guaranty Agreement, the   Investor Presentation   and such documents, certificates or other writings and such financial statements delivered to each Purchaser   prior to September 14, 2016   being referred to, collectively, as the    Disclosure Documents   ), taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made.  Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Documents, there has been no change since September 30, 2015 in the financial condition, operations, business, properties or prospects of the Company or any Subsidiary except changes that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.4           Organization and Ownership of Shares of Subsidiaries; Affiliates. 

(a)           Schedule 5.4   contains (except as noted therein) complete and correct lists (i) of the Company s Subsidiaries, showing, as to each Subsidiary, the correct name thereof, the jurisdiction of its organization, the percentage of shares of each class of its capital stock or similar equity interests outstanding owned by the Company and each other Subsidiary   and whether such Subsidiary is a Guarantor  , (ii) of the Company s Affiliates, other than Subsidiaries and Undisclosed Affiliates, and (iii) of the Company s directors and senior officers. 

(b)           All of the outstanding shares of capital stock or similar equity interests of each Subsidiary shown in   Schedule 5.4   as being owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by  

6   

the Company or another Subsidiary free and clear of any Lien (except as otherwise disclosed in   Schedule 5.4  ). 

(c)           Each Subsidiary identified in   Schedule 5.4   is a corporation or other legal entity duly organized, validly existing and, to the extent such concept is applicable, in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other legal entity and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required by law, other than those jurisdictions as to which the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Each such Subsidiary has the corporate or other power and authority to own or hold under lease the properties it purports to own or hold under lease and to transact the business it transacts and proposes to transact. 

(d)           No Subsidiary is a party to, or otherwise subject to any legal, regulatory, contractual or other restriction (other than this Agreement, the agreements listed on   Schedule 5.4   and customary limitations imposed by corporate law or similar statutes, whether foreign or domestic) restricting the ability of such Subsidiary to pay dividends out of profits or make any other similar distributions of profits to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that owns outstanding shares of capital stock or similar equity interests of such Subsidiary. 

5.5           Financial Statements; Material Liabilities. 

The Company has delivered to each Purchaser copies of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries listed on   Schedule 5.5  .  All such financial statements (including in each case the related schedules and notes) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the respective dates specified in such Schedule and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the respective periods so specified and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods involved except as set forth in the notes thereto (subject, in the case of any interim financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes).    The Company and its Subsidiaries do not have any Material liabilities that are not disclosed on such financial statements or otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Documents. 

5.6           Compliance with Laws, Other Instruments, etc. 

(a)           The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the Notes, and the execution, delivery and performance by the Closing Guarantors of the Guaranty Agreement, will not (i) contravene, result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation of any Lien in respect of any property of the Company or any Subsidiary under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan, purchase or credit agreement, lease, corporate charter, memorandum of association, articles of association, regulations, by-laws, shareholders agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or by which the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties may be bound, (ii) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any order, judgment, decree, or ruling of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority applicable to the  

7   

Company or any Subsidiary or (iii) violate any provision of any statute or other rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary.  All obligations under this Agreement are direct and unsecured obligations of the Company ranking   pari passu   as against the assets of the Company with all other unsecured Indebtedness (actual or contingent) of the Company which is not expressed to be subordinated or junior in rank to any other unsecured Indebtedness of the Company. 

(b)           All obligations under the Guaranty Agreement are direct and unsecured obligations of each Closing Guarantor ranking   pari passu   as against the assets of such Closing Guarantor with all other unsecured Indebtedness (actual or contingent) of such Closing Guarantor which is not expressed to be subordinated or junior in rank to any other unsecured Indebtedness of such Closing Guarantor. 

5.7           Governmental Authorizations, etc. 

Except with respect to applicable and routine securities laws filings required by the Exchange Act and the filing of a Form D under the Securities Act, no consent, approval or authorization of, or registration, filing or declaration with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Company of this Agreement or the Notes, or by the Closing Guarantors of the Guaranty Agreement,   including any therefor required in connection with the obtaining of Euros to make payments under this Agreement, the Notes or the Guaranty   Agreement   and the payment of such Euros to Persons resident in the United States of America  . 

5.8           Litigation; Observance of Agreements, Statutes and Orders. 

(a)           There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any Subsidiary or any property of the Company or any Subsidiary in any court or before any arbitrator of any kind or before or by any Governmental Authority that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b)           Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default under any term of any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order, judgment, decree or ruling of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority or is in violation of any applicable law, ordinance, rule or regulation (including without limitation Environmental Laws, the USA PATRIOT Act or any of the other laws and regulations that are referred to in Section 5.16) of any Governmental Authority, which default or violation, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.9           Taxes. 

The Company and its Subsidiaries have filed all income tax returns that are required to have been filed in any jurisdiction, and have paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns and all other taxes and assessments levied upon them or their properties, assets, income or franchises, to the extent such taxes and assessments have become due and payable and before they have become delinquent, except for any taxes and assessments (i) the amount of which is not  

8   

individually or in the aggregate Material or (ii) the amount, applicability or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, has established adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP.  No Senior Financial Officer of the Company knows of any basis for any other tax or assessment that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Company and its Subsidiar  ies in respect of   Federal,   national,   state or other taxes for all fiscal periods are adequate in accordance with GAAP.  The United States Federal income tax liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been finally determined (whether by reason of completed audits or the statute of limitations having run) for all fiscal years up to and including the fiscal   year ended September 30, 2012  . 

5.10           Title to Property; Leases. 

The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and sufficient title to their respective properties that individually or in the aggregate are Material, including all such properties reflected in the most recent audited balance sheet referred to in Section 5.5 or purported to have been acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary after said date (except as sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business), in each case free and clear of Liens prohibited by this Agreement.  All leases that individually or in the aggregate are Material are valid and subsisting and are in full force and effect in all material respects. 

5.11           Licenses, Permits, etc. 

The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess all licenses, permits, franchises, authorizations, patents, copyrights, proprietary software, service marks, trademarks and trade names, or rights thereto, that individually or in the aggregate are Material, without known conflict with the rights of others, except for those conflicts that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.12           Compliance with ERISA. 

(a)           The Company and each ERISA Affiliate have operated and administered each Plan (which is not a Multiemployer Plan) in compliance with all applicable laws except for such instances of noncompliance as have not resulted in and could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability for failure to comply with the provisions of Title I of ERISA or pursuant to Title IV of ERISA (other than for premium payments to the PBGC paid in a timely manner) or the penalty or excise tax provisions of the Code relating to employee benefit plans (as defined in section 3 of ERISA), and no event, transaction or condition has occurred or exists that could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in the incurrence of any such liability by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, or in the imposition of any Lien on any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, in either case pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA   or to section 430(k) of the Code or to any such penalty or excise tax provisions under the Code or federal law or section 4068 of ERISA or by the granting of a security interest in connection with the amendment of a Plan, other than such liabilities or Liens as would not be individually or in the aggregate Material  . 

9   

(b)           The present value of the aggregate benefit liabilities under each of the Plans subject to Title IV of ERISA (other than Multiemployer Plans), determined as of the beginning of such Plan     s most recently ended plan year on the basis of the actuarial assumptions specified for funding purposes in such Plan     s most recent actuarial valuation report, did not exceed the aggregate current value as of such determination date of the assets of such Plan allocable to such benefit liab  ilities by more than $13,000,000   in the case of any single P  lan and by more than $17,000,000   in the aggregate for all Plans.    The present value of the accrued benefit liabilities (whether or not vested) under each Non-U.S. Plan that is funded, determined as of the end of the   Company s   most recently ended fiscal year on the basis of reasonable actuarial assumptions, did not exceed the current value of the assets of such Non-U.S. Plan allocable to such benefit liabilities  .        The term      benefit liabilities      has the meaning specified in section 4001 of ERISA and the terms      current value      and      present value      have the meaning specified in section 3 of ERISA. 

(c)           The Company and its ERISA Affiliates have not incurred (i) withdrawal liabilities under section 4201 or contingent withdrawal liabilities under section 4204 of ERISA in respect of Multiemployer Plans that individually or in the aggregate are Material or (ii)   any obligation in connection with the termination of or withdrawal from any Non-U.S. Plan that individually or in the aggregate are Material  . 

(d)           The expected postretirement benefit obligation (determined as of the last day of the Company s most recently ended fiscal year in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715-60, without regard to liabilities attributable to continuation coverage mandated by section 4980B of the Code) of the Company and its Subsidiaries is not Material. 

(e)           The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Guaranty Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Notes hereunder will not involve any transaction that is subject to and not exempt from the prohibitions of section 406 of ERISA or in connection with which a tax could be imposed pursuant to section 4975(c)(1)(A)-(D) of the Code.  The representation by the Company to each Purchaser in the first sentence of this Section 5.12(e) is made in reliance upon and subject to the accuracy of the Purchasers  representations in Section 6.3 as to the sources of the funds used to pay the purchase price of the Notes to be purchased by the Purchasers. 

(f)           All Non-U.S. Plans have been established, operated, administered and maintained in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders applicable thereto, except where failure so to comply could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  All premiums, contributions and any other amounts required by applicable Non-U.S. Plan documents or applicable laws to be paid or accrued by the   Company   and its Subsidiaries have been paid or accrued as required, except where failure so to pay or accrue could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

10   

5.13           Private Offering by the Company. 

Neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has offered the Notes or any similar Securities for sale to, or solicited any offer to buy any of the same from, or otherwise approached or negotiated in respect thereof with, any Person other than the    P  urchasers and not more than 20   other Institutional Investors (as defined in clause (c) to the definition of such term), each of which has been offered the Notes at a private sale for investment.  Neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has taken, or will take, any action that would subject the issuance or sale of the Notes to the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act or to the registration requirements of any securities or blue sky laws of any applicable jurisdiction.  For purposes of this Section 5.13 only, each reference to the Notes shall be deemed to include the Guaranty Agreement. 

5.14           Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations. 

The Company will apply the proceeds of the sale of the Notes hereunder   for general corporate purposes  .  No part of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes hereunder will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of buying or carrying any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (12 CFR 221), or for the purpose of buying or carrying or trading in any securities under such circumstances as to involve the Company in a violation of Regulation X of said Board (12 CFR 224) or to involve any broker or dealer in a violation of Regulation T of said Board (12 CFR 220).  Margin stock does not constitute more than 5% of the value of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the Company does not have any present intention that margin stock will constitute more than 5% of the value of such assets.  As used in this Section, the terms  margin stock  and  purpose of buying or carrying  shall have the meanings assigned to them in said Regulation U. 

5.15           Existing Indebtedness; Future Liens. 

(a)           Except as described therein,   Schedule 5.15   sets forth a complete and correct list of all outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its   Subsidiaries as of June 30  , 2016 (including a description of the obligors and obligees, principal amount outstanding and collateral therefor, if any, and Guaranty thereof, if any), since which date there has been no Material change in the amounts, interest rates, sinking funds, installment payments or maturities of the Indebtedness of the Company or its Subsidiaries.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default and no waiver of default is currently in effect, in the payment of any principal or interest on any Indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary and no event or condition exists with respect to any Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary the aggregate principal amount of which exceeds $2,000,000 that would permit (or that with notice or the lapse of time, or both, would permit) one or more Persons to cause such Indebtedness to become due and payable before its stated maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment. 

(b)           Except as disclosed in   Schedule 5.15  , neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has agreed or consented to cause or permit in the future (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to be subject to a Lien not permitted by Section 10.6. 

11   

(c)           Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to, or otherwise subject to any provision contained in, any instrument evidencing Indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary, any agreement relating thereto or any other agreement (including, but not limited to, its charter or other organizational document) which limits the amount of, or otherwise imposes restrictions on the incurring of, Indebtedness of the Company, except as set forth in   Schedule 5.15  . 

5.16           Foreign Assets Control Regulations, etc. 

(a)           Neither the Company nor any Controlled Entity is (i) a Person whose name appears on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons published by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, United States Department of the Treasury (   OFAC   ) (an    OFAC Listed Person   ) (ii) an agent, department, or instrumentality of, or is otherwise beneficially owned by, controlled by or acting on behalf of, directly or indirectly, (x) any OFAC Listed Person or (y) any Person, entity, organization, foreign country or regime that is the subject of any country based OFAC Sanctions Program, or (iii) otherwise blocked, subject to sanctions under or to the Company s knowledge, after making due inquiry, engaged in any activity now or in the past five years in violation of other applicable United States economic sanctions, including but not limited to, the Trading with the Enemy Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Iran Sanctions Act or any similar law or regulation with respect to Iran or any other country, the Sudan Accountability and Divestment Act, any OFAC Sanctions Program, or any economic sanctions regulations administered and enforced by the United States or any enabling legislation or executive order relating to any of the foregoing (collectively,    U.S. Economic Sanctions   ) (each OFAC Listed Person and each other Person, entity, organization and government of a country described in clause (ii) or clause (iii), a    Blocked Person   ).  Neither the Company nor any Controlled Entity has been notified that its name appears or may in the future appear on a state list of Persons that engage in investment or other commercial activities in Iran or any other country that is subject to U.S. Economic Sanctions. 

(b)           No part of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes hereunder constitutes or will constitute funds obtained on behalf of any Blocked Person or will otherwise be used by the Company or any Controlled Entity, directly or indirectly, (i) in connection with any investment in, or any transactions or dealings with, any Blocked Person, or (ii) otherwise in violation of U.S. Economic Sanction  s. 

(c)           Neither the Company nor any Controlled Entity (i) has been found in violation of or convicted of, money laundering, drug trafficking, terrorist-related activities or other money laundering predicate crimes under the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (otherwise known as the Bank Secrecy Act), the USA PATRIOT Act or any other United States law or regulation governing such activities (collectively,    Anti-Money Laundering Laws   ) or any U.S. Economic Sanctions violations, (ii) to the Company s actual knowledge after making due inquiry, is under investigation by any Governmental Authority for possible violation of Anti-Money Laundering Laws or any U.S. Economic Sanctions violations, (iii) has been assessed civil penalties under any Anti-Money Laundering Laws or any U.S. Economic Sanctions, or (iv) has had any of its funds  

12   

seized or forfeited in an action under any Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The Company has established procedures and controls which it reasonably believes are adequate (and otherwise comply with applicable law) to ensure that the Company and each Controlled Entity is and will continue to be in compliance with all applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and U.S. Economic Sanctions. 

(d)           (i)           Neither the Company nor any Controlled Entity (A) has been convicted of bribery or any other anti-corruption related activity under any applicable law or regulation in a U.S. or any non-U.S. country or jurisdiction, including but not limited to, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (collectively,    Anti-Corruption Laws   ), (B) to the Company s actual knowledge after making due inquiry, is under investigation by any U.S. or non-U.S. Governmental Authority for possible violation of Anti-Corruption Laws, (C) has been assessed civil or criminal penalties under any Anti-Corruption Laws or (D) has been or is the target of sanctions imposed by the United Nations or the European Union; 

(i  i  )           To the Company s actual knowledge after making due inquiry, neither the Company nor any Controlled Entity has, within the last five years and where to do so would have resulted in a violation of then-applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, directly or indirectly offered, promised, given, paid or authorized the offer, promise, giving or payment of anything of value to a Governmental Official or a commercial counterparty for the purposes of: (A) influencing any act, decision or failure to act by such Governmental Official in his or her official capacity or such commercial counterparty, (B) inducing a Governmental Official to do or omit to do any act in violation of the Governmental Official s lawful duty, or (C) inducing a Governmental Official or a commercial counterparty to use his or her influence with a government or instrumentality to affect any act or decision of such government or entity; in each case in order to obtain, retain or direct business or to otherwise secure an improper advantage; and 

(i  i  i)          No part of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes hereunder will be used, directly or indirectly, for any improper payments, including bribes, to any Governmental Official or commercial counterparty in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage.  The Company has established procedures and controls which it reasonably believes are adequate (and otherwise comply with applicable law) to ensure that the Company and each Controlled Entity is and will continue to be in compliance with all applicable current and future Anti-Corruption Laws. 

5.17           Status under Certain Statutes. 

Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is (a) required to register as an  investment company,  as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (b) subject to regulation under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005, as amended, the ICC Termination Act of 1995, as amended, or the Federal Power Act, as amended. 

13   

5.18           Environmental Matters. 

(a)           Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has knowledge of any claim or has received any notice of any claim, and no proceeding has been instituted raising any claim against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective real properties now or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of them or other assets, alleging any damage to the environment or violation of any Environmental Laws, except, in each case, such as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b)           Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has knowledge of any facts which would give rise to any claim, public or private, of violation of Environmental Laws or damage to the environment emanating from, occurring on or in any way related to real properties now or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of them or to other assets or their use, except, in each case, such as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c)           Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has stored any Hazardous Materials on real properties now or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of them and has not disposed of any Hazardous Materials in a manner contrary to any Environmental Laws in each case in any manner that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(d)           All buildings on all real properties now owned, leased or operated by the Company or any Subsidiary are in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws, except where failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.           REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PURCHASERS  . 

6.1           Purchase for Investment. 

Each Purchaser severally represents that it is purchasing the Notes for its own account or for one or more separate accounts maintained by such Purchaser or for the account of one or more pension or trust funds and not with a view to the distribution thereof, provided that the disposition of such Purchaser s or such pension or trust fund s property shall at all times be within such Purchaser s or such pension or trust fund s control.  Each Purchaser understands that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act and may be resold only if registered pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Act or if an exemption from registration is available, except under circumstances where neither such registration nor such an exemption is required by law, and that the Company is not required, nor does it intend, to register the Notes. 

6.2           Accredited Investor. 

Each Purchaser represents that it is an  accredited investor  (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act acting for its own account (and not for the account of others) or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others are also  accredited investors ).  Each Purchaser further represents that such Purchaser has had the opportunity to ask  

14   

questions of the Company and received answers concerning the terms and conditions of the sale of the Notes. 

6.3           Source of Funds. 

Each Purchaser severally represents that at least one of the following statements is an accurate representation as to each source of funds (a    Source   ) to be used by such Purchaser to pay the purchase price of the Notes to be purchased by such Purchaser hereunder: 

(a)           the Source is an      insurance company general account      (as the term is defined in the United States Department of   Labor s Prohibited Transaction Class   Exemption (     PTE     ) 95-60  , as amended  ) in respect of which the reserves and liabilities (as defined by the annual statement for life insurance companies approved by the NAIC (the      NAIC Annual Statement     )) for the general account contract(s) held by or on behalf of any employee benefit plan together with the amount of the reserves and liabilities   (as defined by the NAIC Annual Statement)   for the general account contract(s) held by or on behalf of any other employee benefit plans maintained by the same employer (or affiliate thereof as defined in PTE 95-60  , as amended  ) or by the same employee organization in the general account do not exceed 10% of the total reserves and liabilities of the general account (exclusive of separate account liabilities) plus surplus as set forth in the NAIC Annual Statement filed with such Purchaser     s state of domicile; or 

(b)           the Source is a separate account of an insurance company that is maintained solely in connection with the fixed contractual obligations of the insurance company under which the amounts payable, or credited, to any employee benefit plan (or its related trust) that has any interest in such separate account (or to any participant or beneficiary of such plan (including any annuitant)) are not affected in any manner by the investment performance of the separate account; or 

(c)           the Source is either (i) an insurance company pooled separate account, within the meaning of PTE 90-1, as amended or (ii) a bank collective investment fund, within the meaning of the PTE 91-38, as amended and, except as disclosed by such Purchaser to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (c), no employee benefit plan (as defined in such PTEs) or group of plans maintained by the same employer or employee organization beneficially owns more than 10% of all assets allocated to such pooled separate account or collective investment fund; or 

(d)           (i)   the Source constitutes assets of an      investment fund      (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14  , as amended   (the      QPAM Exemption     )) managed by a      qualified professional asset manager      or      QPAM      (within the meaning of Part VI of the QPAM Exemption),   (ii)   no employee benefit plan     s assets that are managed by the QPAM in such investment fund, when combined with the assets of all other employee benefit plans established or maintained by the same employer or by an affiliate (within the meaning of Part VI(c)(1) of the QPAM Exemption) of such employer or by the same employee organization and managed by such QPAM, represent more than 20% of the total client assets managed by such QPAM   at the time of the purchase of the Notes hereunder  ,   (iii)   the conditions of Part I(c) and (g) of the QPAM Exemption are satisfied,   (iv)   neither the QPAM  

15   

nor a person controlling or controlled by the QPAM maintains an ownership interest in the Company that would cause the QPAM and the Company to be      related      within the meaning of Part VI(h) of the QPAM Exemption and   (v) (A  ) t  he identity of such QPAM and (B  ) the names of any employee benefit plans whose assets in the investment fund, when combined with the assets of all other employee benefit plans established or maintained by the same employer or by an affiliate (within the meaning of Part VI(c)(1) of the QPAM Exemption) of such employer or by the same employee organization, represent 10% or more of the assets of such investment fund, have been disclosed to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (d);     or 

(e)           (i)   the Source constitutes assets of a      plan(s)      (within the meaning of Part IV(h) of PTE 96-23 (the      INHAM Exemption     )) managed by an      in-house asset manager      or      INHAM      (within the meaning of Part IV(a) of the INHAM Exemption),   (ii)   the conditions of Part I(a), (g) and (h) of the INHAM Exemption are satisfied,   (iii)   neither the INHAM nor a person controlling or controlled by the INHAM (applying the definition of      control      in Part IV(d)(3) of the INHAM Exemption) owns a 10% or more interest in the Company and   (iv) (A  ) th  e identity of such INHAM and (B  ) the name(s) of the employee benefit plan(s) whose assets constitute the Source have been disclosed to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (e); or 

(f)           the Source is a governmental plan, church plan that has not made an election under Section 410(d) of the Code, or a non-U.S. plan and the purchase does not violate any federal, state or other law that regulates its investment in the Notes; or 

(g)           the Source is one or more employee benefit plans, or a separate account or trust fund comprised of one or more employee benefit plans, each of which has been identified to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (g); or 

(h)           the Source does not include assets of any employee benefit plan, governmental plan, church plan that has not made an election under Section 410(d) of the Code, or non-U.S. Plan. 

As used in this Section 6.3, the terms  employee benefit plan,   governmental plan,   church plan,  and  separate account  shall, unless otherwise indicated, have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in section 3 of ERISA. 

7.           INFORMATION AS TO COMPANY  . 

7.1           Financial and Business Information. 

The Company sha  ll deliver to each holder of   a Note that is an Institutional Investor  : 

(a)           Quarterly Statements   -- within 60 days (or such shorter period as is 15 days greater than the period applicable to the filing of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the    Form 10-Q   ) with the SEC regardless of whether the Company is subject to the filing   requirements thereof     after the end of each quarterly fiscal period in each fiscal year of the Company (other than the last quarterly fiscal period of each such fiscal year), duplicate copies of, 

16   

(i)            a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter, and 

(ii)           consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders  equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries, for such quarter and (in the case of the second and third quarters) for the portion of the fiscal year ending with such quarter, 

setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding periods in the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance with GAAP applicable to quarterly financial statements generally, and certified by a Senior Financial Officer as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of the companies being reported on and their results of operations and cash flows, subject to changes resulting from year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes, provided that delivery within the time period specified above of copies of the Company s Form 10-Q prepared in compliance in all material respects with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 7.1(a), provided, further, that the Company shall be deemed to have made such delivery of such Form 10-Q if it shall have timely made such Form 10-Q available on  EDGAR  and on its home page on the worldwide web (at the date of this Agreement located at:  http//www.woodward.com) (such availability being referred to as    Electronic Delivery   ); 

(b)           Annual Statements   -- within 100 days (or such shorter period as is 15 days greater than the period applicable to the filing of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (the    Form 10-K   ) with the SEC regardless of whether the Company is subject to the filing requirements thereof after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, duplicate copies of 

(i)            a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such year  ,     a  nd 

(ii)           consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders  equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such year, 

setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance with GAAP, and accompanied by an opinion thereon of independent public accountants of recognized national standing, which opinion shall state that such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the companies being reported upon and their results of operations and cash flows and have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, and that the examination of such accountants in connection with such financial statements has been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, and that such audit provides a reasonable basis for such opinion in the circumstances,   provided   that the delivery within the time period specified above of the Company s Form 10-K for such fiscal year (together with the Company s annual report to shareholders, if any, prepared pursuant to Rule 14a-3 under the Exchange Act) prepared in all material respects in accordance with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section  

17   

7.1(b), provided, further, that the Company shall be deemed to have made such delivery of such Form 10-K if it shall have timely made Electronic Delivery thereof; 

(c)           SEC and Other Reports   -- promptly upon their becoming available, one copy of (i) each financial statement, report, notice or proxy statement sent by the Company or any Subsidiary to its public securities holders generally, and (ii) each regular or periodic report, each registration statement (other than a registration statement on Form S-8 and without exhibits except as expressly requested by such holder), and each prospectus and all amendments thereto filed by the Company or any Subsidiary with the SEC and of all press releases and other statements made available generally by the Company or any Subsidiary to the public concerning developments that are Material, provided that the Company shall be deemed to have made such delivery of such materials if it shall have made timely Electronic Delivery thereof; 

(d)           Notice of Default or Event of Default   -- promptly, and in any event within five days after a Responsible Officer becoming aware of the existence of any Default or Event of Default or that any Person has given any written notice or taken any action with respect to a claimed Default hereunder or that any Person has given any notice or taken any action with respect to a claimed Default of the type referred to in Section 11(f), a written notice specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(e)           ERISA Matters   -- promptly, and in any event within five Business Days after a Responsible Officer becoming aware of any of the following, a written notice setting forth the nature thereof and the action, if any, that the Company or an ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto: 

(i)            with respect to any Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, any reportable event, as defined in section 4043(c) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, for which notice thereof has not been waived pursuant to such regulations as in effect on the date hereof; or 

(ii)           the taking by the PBGC of steps to institute, or the threatening by the PBGC of the institution of, proceedings under section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan, or the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of a notice from a Multiemployer Plan that such action has been taken by the PBGC with respect to such Multiemployer Plan; or 

(iii)          any event, transaction or condition that could result in the incurrence of any liability by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate for failure to comply with the provisions of Title I of ERISA or pursuant to Title IV of ERISA or the penalty or excise tax provisions of the Code relating to employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3 of ERISA), or in the imposition of any Lien on any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA or such penalty or excise tax provisions, if such liability or Lien, taken  

18   

together with any other such liabilities or Liens then existing, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(iv)           receipt of notice of the imposition of a Material financial penalty (which for this purpose shall mean any tax, penalty or other liability, whether by way of indemnity or otherwise) with respect to one or more Non-U.S. Plans. 

(f)           Notices from Governmental Authority   -- promptly, and in any event within 30 days of receipt thereof, copies of any written notice to the Company or any Subsidiary from any Federal  , national   or state Governmental Authority relating to any order, ruling, statute or other law or regulation that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(g)           Major Credit Facility   -- substantially concurrent with the transmission thereof, copies (unless otherwise delivered pursuant to the other provisions of this Section 7.1) of all financial statements, notices, reports and other information given by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to the financial institutions party to any Major Credit Facility (excluding routine matters such as borrowing requests); and 

(h)           Requested Information   -- with reasonable promptness, such other data and information relating to the business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets or properties of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including, but without limitation, actual copies of the Company s Form 10-Q and Form 10-K) or relating to the ability of the Company to perform its obligations hereunder and under the Notes as from time to time may be reasonably requested by any such holder of Note. 

7.2           Officer s Certificate. 

Each set of financial statements delivered to a holder of a Note pursuant to Section 7.1(a) or Section 7.1(b) shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer setting forth (which, in the case of Electronic Delivery of any such financial statements, shall be by separate concurrent delivery of such certificate to each holder of a Note): 

(a)           Covenant Compliance   -- the information (including detailed calculations) required in order to establish whether the Company was in compliance with the requirements of Section 10.3, and Section 10.6 through Section 10.11, inclusive, during the quarterly or annual period covered by the statements then being furnished (including with respect to each such Section, where applicable, the calculations of the maximum or minimum amount, ratio or percentage, as the case may be, permissible under the terms of such Sections, and the calculation of the amount, ratio or percentage in existence   as of the end of such period)  ; and 

(b)           Event of Default   -- a statement that such Senior Financial Officer has reviewed the relevant terms hereof and has made, or caused to be made, under his or her supervision, a review of the transactions and conditions of the Company and its Subsidiaries from the beginning of the quarterly or annual period covered by the statements then being furnished to the date of the certificate and that such review shall not have disclosed the existence during such period of any condition or event that constitutes a  

19   

Default or an Event of Default or, if any such condition or event existed or exists, specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action the Company shall have taken or proposes to take with respect thereto. 

7.3           Visitation. 

The Company shall permit the repre  sentatives of each holder of   a Note that is an Institutional Investor  : 

(a)           No Default   -- if no Default or Event of Default then exists, at the expense of such holder and upon reasonable prior notice to the Company, to visit the principal executive office of the Company, to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries with the Company s officers, and (with the consent of the Company, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld) its independent public accountants, and (with the consent of the Company, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld) to visit the other offices and properties of the Company and each Subsidiary, all at such reasonable times and as often as may be reasonably requested in writing; and 

(b)           Default   -- if a Default or Event of Default then exists, at the expense of the Company to visit and inspect any of the offices or properties of the Company or any Subsidiary, to examine all their respective books of account, records, reports and other papers, to make copies and extracts therefrom, and to discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective officers and independent public accountants (and by this provision the Company authorizes said accountants to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries), all at such times and as often as may be requested. 

8.           PAYMENT AND PREPAYMENT OF THE NOTES  . 

8.1           Maturity. 

As provided therein, the entire unpaid principal balance of the Notes shall be d  ue and payable on September 23  , 2026. 

8.2           Optional Prepayments of with Make-Whole Amount. 

The Company may, at its option, upon notice as provided below, prepay at any time all, or from time to time any part of, the Notes (but, in the case of a partial prepayment, in an amount not less than  1,000,000 of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding), at 100% of the principal amount so prepaid, together with the interest so accrued to the date of prepayment, plus the applicable Make-Whole Amount determined for the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount,   plus any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped   Note and, subject to Section 8.9  , less any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note  .  The Company will give each holder of Notes written notice of each optional prepayment under this Section 8.2 not less than 30 days and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for such prepayment.  Each such notice shall specify such date (which shall be a Business Day), the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be prepaid on such date, the principal amount of each Note held by such holder to be prepaid (determined in  

20   

accordance with Section 8.5), and the interest to be paid on the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount being prepaid, and shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer as to the estimated Make-Whole Amount due in connection with such prepayment (calculated as if the date of such notice were the date of the prepayment), setting forth in each case the details of such computation.  Two Business Days prior to such prepayment, the Company shall deliver to each holder of Notes a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer specifying the calculation of such Make-Whole Amount as of the specified prepayment date. 

8.3           Prepayment Upon Change of Control. 

(a)           Notice of Change of Control or Control Event; Offer to Prepay if Change of Control has Occurred  .  The Company will, within five (5) Business Days after any Responsible Officer has knowledge of the occurrence of any Change of Control or Control Event, give written notice of such Change of Control or Control Event to each holder of Notes.  If a Change of Control has occurred, such notice shall contain and constitute an offer to prepay Notes as described in clause (b) of this Section 8.3 and shall be accompanied by the certificate described in clause (e) of this Section 8.3. 

(b)           Offer to Prepay; Time for Payment  .  The offer to prepay Notes contemplated by clause (a) of this Section 8.3 shall be an offer to prepay, in accordance with and subject to this Section 8.3, all, but not less than all, of the Notes held by each holder (in the case of this Section 8.3 only,  holder  in respect of any Note registered in the name of a nominee for a disclosed beneficial owner shall mean such beneficial owner) on a date specified in such offer (the    Proposed Prepayment Date   ).  The Proposed Prepayment Date shall not be less than thirty (30) days and not more than sixty (60) days after the date of such offer (if the Proposed Prepayment Date shall not be specified in such offer, the Proposed Prepayment Date shall be the forty-fifth (45th) day after the date of such offer). 

(c)           Acceptance; Rejection  .  A holder of Notes may accept the offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 8.3 by causing a notice of such acceptance to be delivered to the Company at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the Proposed Prepayment Date.  A failure by a holder of Notes to respond to an offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 8.3, or to accept an offer as to all of the Notes held by the holder, within such time period, shall be deemed to constitute a rejection of such offer by such holder. 

(d)           Prepayment  .  Prepayment of the Notes to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 8.3 shall be at 100% of the principal amount of such Notes together with interest on such Notes   accrued to the da  te of prepayment,   plus any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.9, less any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note, but without any Make-Whole Amount or penalty or premium     of any kind  .  The prepayment shall be made on the Proposed Prepayment Date, except as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section 8.3. 

21   

(e)           Deferral Pending Change of Control  . The obligation of the Company to prepay Notes pursuant to the offers required by paragraph (b) and accepted in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section 8.3 is subject to the occurrence of the Change of Control in respect of which such offers and acceptances shall have been made. In the event that such Change of Control does not occur on the Proposed Prepayment Date in respect thereof, the prepayment shall be deferred until and shall be made on the date on which such Change of Control occurs. The Company shall keep each holder of Notes reasonably and timely informed of (i) any such deferral of the date of prepayment, (ii) the date on which such Change of Control and the prepayment are expected to occur, and (iii) any determination by the Company that efforts to effect such Change of Control have ceased or been abandoned (in which case the offers and acceptances made pursuant to this Section 8.3 in respect of such Change of Control shall be deemed rescinded). 

(f)           Officer s Certificate  .  Each offer to prepay the Notes pursuant to this Section 8.3 shall be accompanied by a certificate, executed by a Senior Financial Officer of the Company and dated the date of such offer, specifying: (i) the Proposed Prepayment Date, (ii) that such offer is made pursuant to this Section 8.3, (iii) that the entire principal amount of each Note is offered to be prepaid   together with any Net Loss     with respect to any Swapped Note  , but   without any premium, (iv) the interest that would be due on each Note offered to be prepaid, accrued to the Proposed Prepayment Date, (v) that the conditions of this Section 8.3 required to be fulfilled prior to the giving of such no  tice have been fulfilled and (v  i) in reasonable detail, the nature and date or proposed date of the Change of Control. 

8.4           Prepayment in Connection with an Asset Disposition. 

(a)           Notice and Offer  .  In the event any Debt Prepayment Application is to be used at the election of the Company to make an offer (a    Transfer Prepayment Offer   ) to prepay Notes pursuant to Section 10.3 of this Agreement (a    Debt Prepayment Transfer   ), the Company will give written notice of such Debt Prepayment Transfer to each holder of Notes.  Such written notice shall contain, and such written notice shall constitute, an irrevocable offer to prepay, at the election of each holder, a portion of the Notes held by such holder equal to such holder s Ratable Portion of the Net Proceeds Amount in respect of such Debt Prepayment Transfer on a date specified in such notice (the    Transfer Prepayment Date   ) that is not less than thirty (30) days and not more than sixty (60) days after the date of such notice, together with interest on the amount to be so prepaid accrued to the Transfer Prepayment Date.  If the Transfer Prepayment Date shall not be specified in such notice, the Transfer Prepayment Date shall be the forty-fifth (45th) day after the date of such notice. 

(b)           Acceptance and Payment  .  To accept such Transfer Prepayment Offer, a holder of Notes shall cause a notice of such acceptance to be delivered to the Company not later than twenty (20) days after the date of such written notice from the Company, provided, that failure to accept such offer in writing within twenty (20) days after the date of such written notice shall be deemed to constitute a rejection of the Transfer Prepayment Offer.  If so accepted by any holder of a Note, such offered prepayment (equal to such holder s Ratable Portion of the Net Proceeds Amount in respect of such Debt Prepayment Transfer) shall be due and payable on the Transfer Prepayment Date.  Such offered  

22   

prepayment shall be made at 100% of the principal amount of such Notes being so prepaid, together with interest on such principal amount then being prepaid   accrued to the Transfer Prepayment Date determined as of the date of such prepayment  ,    plus any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.9, less any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note, but without any Make-Whole Amount or penalty or premium of any kind  .  The prepayment shall be made on the Transfer Prepayment Date. 

(c)           Other Terms  .  Each offer to prepay the Notes pursuant to this Section 8.4 shall be accompanied by a certificate, executed by a Senior Financial Officer of the Company and dated the date of such offer, specifying (i) the Transfer Prepayment Date, (ii) the Net Proceeds Amount in respect of the applicable Debt Prepayment Transfer, (iii) that such offer is being made pursuant to this Section 8.4 and Section 10.10 of this Agreement, (iv) the principal amount of each Note offered to be prepaid, (v) the interest that would be due on each Note offered to be prepaid, accrued t  o the Transfer Prepayment Date  ,     and (vi  ) in reasonable detail, the nature of the Asset Disposition giving rise to such Debt Prepayment Transfer and certifying that no Default or Event of Default exists or would exist after giving effect to the prepayment contemplated by such offer. 

8.5           Allocation of Partial Prepayments of Notes. 

In the case of each partial prepayment of the Notes pursuant to Section 8.2, the principal amount of the Notes to be prepaid shall be allocated among all of the Notes at the time outstanding in proportion, as nearly as practicable, to the respective unpaid principal amounts thereof not theretofore called for prepayment. 

8.6           Maturity; Surrender, etc. 

In the case of each prepayment of Notes pursuant to this Section 8, the principal amount of each Note to be prepaid shall mature and become due and payable on the date fixed for such prepayment (which shall be a Business Day), together with interest on such principal amount accrued to such date,   plus any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.9, less any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note and, and the Make-Whole Amount, if any  .  From and after such date, unless the Company shall fail to pay such principal amount when so due and payable, together with the interest and Make-Whole Amount, if any,   plus any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.9, less any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note  , as aforesaid, interest on such principal amount shall cease to accrue.  Any Note paid or prepaid in full shall be surrendered to the Company and cancelled and shall not be reissued, and no Note shall be issued in lieu of any prepaid principal amount of any Note. 

8.7           Purchase of Notes. 

The Company will not and will not permit any Affiliate to purchase, redeem, prepay or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of the outstanding Notes, except (a) upon the payment or prepayment of the Notes in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Notes or (b) pursuant to an offer to purchase made by the Company or an Affiliate pro rata to the holders of Notes at the time outstanding upo  n the same terms and conditions  .  Any such offer sh  all provide each holder   of   Notes   with sufficient information to enable it to make an informed decision with  

23   

respect to such offer, and shall remain open for at least fifteen (15) Business Days.  If the holders of more than 30% of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding accept such offer, the Company shall promptly notify the remaining holders of   Notes   of such fact and the expiration date of such offer shall be extended by the number of days necessary to   give each such remaining holders   at least five (5) Business Days from its receipt of such notice to accept such offer.  The Company will promptly cancel all Notes acquired by it or any Affiliate pursuant to any payment, prepayment or purchase of Notes pursuant to any provision of this Agreement and no Notes may be issued in substitution or exchange for any such Notes. 

8.8           Make-Whole Amount. 

(a)           Make-Whole Amount with respect to Non-Swapped Notes  .  The term      Make-Whole Amount      mean, with respect to any Non-Swapped Note, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Discounted Value of the Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect   to   the Called Principal of such Non-Swapped Note, over the amount of such Called Principal,   provided   that the Make-Whole Amount may in   no   event be less than zero.  For the purposes of determining the Make-Whole Amount with respect to any Non-Swapped Note, the following terms have the following meanings: 

Called Principal      means, with respect to any Non-Swapped Note, the principal of such Non-Swapped Note that is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 8.2 or   has   become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires. 

Discounted Value      means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Non-Swapped Note, the amount obtained by discounting all Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to such Called Principal from their respective scheduled due dates to the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, in accordance with accepted financial practice and at a discount factor (applied on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on such Non-Swapped Note is payable) equal to the Reinvestment Yield with respect to such Called Principal. 

Implied Rate Euro Yield      means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Non-Swapped Note, the yield to maturity implied by (i) the ask-side yields reported, as of 10:00 A.M. (New York time) on the second Business Day preceding the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, on the display designated as      Page PXGE      on Bloomberg Financial Markets (or such other dis  play as may replace  Page PXGE    on Bloomberg Financial Markets  )   for the benchmark German Bund having a maturity equal to the Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal as of such Settlement Date, or (ii) if such yields are not reported as of such time or the yields reported are not ascertainable, the average of the ask-side yields as determined by Recognized German Bund Market Makers.  Such implied yield will be determined, if necessary, by (a) converting quotations to bond-equivalent yields in accordance with accepted financial practice and (b) interpolating linearly between (1) the benchmark German Bund with the maturity closest to and greater than the Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal and (2) the benchmark German Bund with the maturity closest to and less than the  

24   

Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal. The Implied Rate Euro Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the interest rate of the applicable Non-Swapped Note. 

Non-Swapped Note    means any Note other than a Swapped Note. 

Recognized German Bund Market Makers      means two internationally recognized dealers of German Bunds reasonably selected by the   Required Ho  lders (exclusive of Notes then owned by the   Company   or any of its Affiliates and any Notes held by parties who are   contractually   required to abstain from voting with respect to matters affecting the holders of the Notes). 

Reinvestment Yield      mea  ns the Applicable Percentage   plus the Implied Rate   Euro   Yield.  The Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in   the   interest rate of the applicable Non-Swapped Note. 

Remaining Average Life      means, with respect to any Called Principal, the number of years obtained by dividing (i) such Called Principal into (ii) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the principal component of each Remaining Scheduled Payment with respect to such Called Principal by (b) the number of years,   computed   on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months and calculated to two decimal places, that will elapse between the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal and the scheduled due date of such Remaining Scheduled Payment. 

Remaining Scheduled Payments       means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Non-Swapped Note, all payments of such Called Principal and interest thereon that would be due after the Settlement Date with respect to such Called   Principal   if no payment of such Called Principal were made prior to its scheduled due date,   provided   that if such Settlement Date is not a date on which interest payments are due to be made under such Non-Swapped Note, then the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued to such Settlement Date and required to be paid on such Settlement Date   pursuant to Section 8.2 or 12.1  . 

Settlement Date       means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Non-Swapped Note, the date on which such Called Principal is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 8.2 or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires. 

(b)           Make-Whole Amount with respect to Swapped Notes  .    The term      Make-Whole Amount      means, with respect to any Swapped Note, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Swapped Note Discounted Value with respect to the Swapped Note Called   Notional   Amount related to such Swapped Note over such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount,   provided   that the Make-Whole Amount may in no event be less than zero.  All payments of Make-Whole Amount in respect of any Swapped Note shall be made in Dollars.  For the purposes of determining the Make-Whole Amount, Net Loss, Net Gain or  

25   

Swap Breakage Amount with respect to any Swapped Note, the following terms have the following meanings: 

New Swap Agreement    means any cross-currency swap agreement pursuant to which the holder of a Swapped Note is to receive payment in Dollars and which is entered into in full or partial replacement of an Original Swap Agreement as a result of such Original Swap Agreement having terminated for any reason other than a non-scheduled prepayment or a repayment of such Swapped Note prior to its scheduled maturity.  The terms of a New Swap Agreement with respect to any Swapped Note do not have to be identical to those of the Original Swap Agreement with respect to such Swapped Note.        Any holder     of a Swapped Note that enters into, assumes or terminates a New Swap     Agreement shall within a reasonable period of time thereafter deliver to the     Company a copy of the confirmation, assumption, novation or termination related     thereto. 

Original Swap Agreement    means, with respect to any Swapped Note, (x) a cross-currency swap agreement and annexes and schedules thereto (an    Initial Swap Agreement   ) that is entered into on an arm s length basis by the original purchaser of such Swapped Note (or any affiliate thereof) in connection with the execution of this Agreement and the purchase of such Swapped Note and relates to the scheduled payments by the Company of interest and principal on such Swapped Note, under which the holder of such Swapped Note is to receive payments from the counterparty thereunder in Dollars and which is more particularly described on   Schedule     8.  8   hereto, (y) any Initial Swap Agreement that has been assumed by or novated to (without any waiver, amendment, deletion or replacement of any material economic term or provision thereof) a holder of a Swapped Note in connection with a transfer of such Swapped Note and (z) any Replacement Swap Agreement; and a    Replacement Swap Agreement    means, with respect to any Swapped Note, a cross-currency swap agreement and annexes and schedules thereto with payment terms and provisions (other than a reduction in notional amount, if applicable) identical to those of the Initial Swap Agreement with respect to such Swapped Note that is entered into on an arm s length basis by the holder of such Swapped Note in full or partial replacement (by amendment, modification or otherwise) of such Initial Swap Agreement (or any subsequent Replacement Swap Agreement) in a notional amount not exceeding the outstanding principal amount of such Swapped Note following a non-scheduled prepayment or a repayment of such Swapped Note prior to its scheduled maturity.  Any holder of a Swapped Note that enters into, assumes or terminates an Initial Swap Agreement or Replacement Swap Agreement shall within a reasonable period of time thereafter deliver to the Company a copy of the confirmation, assumption, novation or termination related thereto. 

26   

Swap Agreement    means, with respect to any Swapped Note, an Original Swap Agreement or a New Swap Agreement, as the case may be. 

Swapped Note    means any Note that as of the date of the Closing for such Note is subject to a Swap Agreement.  A  Swapped Note  shall no longer be deemed a  Swapped Note  at such time as the related Swap Agreement ceases to be in force in respect thereof. 

Swapped Note Called Notional Amount    means, with respect to any Swapped Note Called Principal of any Swapped Note, the payment in Dollars due to the holder of such Swapped Note under the terms of the Swap Agreement to which such holder is a party, attributable to and in exchange for such Swapped Note Called Principal and assuming that such Swapped Note Called Principal is paid on its scheduled maturity date,   provided   that if such Swap Agreement is not an Initial Swap Agreement, then the  Swapped Note Called Notional Amount  in respect of such Swapped Note shall not exceed the amount in Dollars which would have been due to the holder of such Swapped Note under the terms of the Initial Swap Agreement to which such holder was a party (or if such holder was never party to an Initial Swap Agreement, then the last Initial Swap Agreement to which the most recent predecessor in interest to such holder as a holder of such Swapped Note was a party), attributable to and in exchange for such Swapped Note Called Principal and assuming that such Swapped Note Called Principal is paid on its scheduled maturity date. 

Swapped Note Called Principal    means, with respect to any Swapped Note, the principal of such Swapped Note that is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 8 or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires. 

Swapped Note Discounted Value    means, with respect to the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount of any Swapped Note that is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 8 or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires, the amount obtained by discounting all Swapped Note Remaining Scheduled Swap Payments corresponding to the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount of such Swapped Note from their respective scheduled due dates to the Swapped Note Settlement Date with respect to such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount, in accordance with accepted financial practice and at a discount factor (applied on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on such Swapped Note is payable) equal to the Swapped Note Reinvestment Yield with respect to such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount. 

Swapped Note Reinvestment Yield    means, with respect to the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount of any Swapped Note, the sum of (x) the Applicable Percentage plus (y) the yield to maturity implied by the  Ask Yield(s)  reported as of 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second Business Day preceding the Swapped Note Settlement Date with respect to such Swapped Note Called Notional  

27   

Amount, on the display designated as  Page PX1  (or such other display as may replace Page PX1) on Bloomberg Financial Markets for the most recently issued actively traded on-the-run U.S. Treasury securities (   Reported   ) having a maturity equal to the Swapped Note Remaining Average Life of such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount as of such Swapped Note Settlement Date.  If there are no such U.S. Treasury securities Reported having a maturity equal to such Swapped Note Remaining Average Life, then such implied yield to maturity will be determined by (a) converting U.S. Treasury bill quotations to bond equivalent yields in accordance with accepted financial practice and (b) interpolating linearly between the  Ask Yield(s)  Reported for the applicable most recently issued actively traded on-the-run U.S. Treasury securities with the maturities (1) closest to and greater than such Swapped Note Remaining Average Life and (2) closest to and less than such Swapped Note Remaining Average Life. 

If such yields are not Reported or the yields Reported as of such time are not ascertainable (including by way of interpolation), then  Swapped Note Reinvestment Yield  means, with respect to the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount of any Swapped Note, the sum of (x) the Applicable Percentage plus (y) the yield to maturity implied by the U.S. Treasury constant maturity yields reported, for the latest day for which such yields have been so reported as of the second Business Day preceding the Swapped Note Settlement Date with respect to such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount, in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (or any comparable successor publication) for the U.S. Treasury constant maturity having a term equal to the Swapped Note Remaining Average Life of such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount as of such Swapped Note Settlement Date.  If there is no such U.S. Treasury constant maturity having a term equal to such Swapped Note Remaining Average Life, such implied yield to maturity will be determined by interpolating linearly between (1) the U.S. Treasury constant maturity so reported with the term closest to and greater than such Swapped Note Remaining Average Life and (2) the U.S. Treasury constant maturity so reported with the term closest to and less than such Swapped Note Remaining Average Life. 

The Swapped Note Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the interest rate of the applicable Swapped Note. 

Swapped Note Remaining Average Life    means, with respect to any Swapped Note Called Notional Amount, the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth year) obtained by dividing (x) such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount into (y) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (1) the principal component of each Swapped Note Remaining Scheduled Swap Payment with respect to such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount by (2) the number of years, computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months and calculated to two decimal places, that will elapse between the Swapped Note Settlement Date with respect to such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount and the scheduled due date of such Swapped Note Remaining Scheduled Swap Payments. 

28   

Swapped Note Remaining Scheduled Swap Payments    means, with respect to the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount relating to any Swapped Note, the payments due to the holder of such Swapped Note in Dollars under the terms of the Swap Agreement to which such holder is a party which correspond to all payments of the Swapped Note Called Principal of such Swapped Note corresponding to such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount and interest on such Swapped Note Called Principal (other than that portion of the payment due under such Swap Agreement corresponding to the interest accrued on the Swapped Note Called Principal to the Swapped Note Settlement Date) that would be due after the Swapped Note Settlement Date in respect of such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount assuming that no payment of such Swapped Note Called Principal is made prior to its originally scheduled payment date,   provided   that if such Swapped Note Settlement Date is not a date on which an interest payment is due to be made under the terms of such Swapped Note, then the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued to such Swapped Note Settlement Date and required to be paid on such Swapped Note Settlement Date pursuant to Section 8 or Section 12.1. 

Swapped Note Settlement Date    means, with respect to the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount of any Swapped Note Called Principal of any Swapped Note, the date on which such Swapped Note Called Principal is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 8 or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires. 

8.9           Swap Breakage. 

If any Swapped Note is prepaid pursuant to Section 8.2,   Section 8.3, Section 8.4 or   purchased pursuant to Section 8.7 or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, then (a) any resulting Net Loss in connection therewith shall be reimbursed to the holder of such Swapped Note by the Company in Dollars upon any such prepayment or repayment of such Swapped Note and (b) any resulting Net Gain in connection therewith shall be deducted (i) from the Make-Whole Amount, if any, or any principal or interest to be paid to the holder of such Swapped Note by the Company upon any such prepayment of such Swapped Note pursuant to Section 8.2  , Section 8.3, Section 8.4 or     purchase pursuant to Section 8.7 or (ii) from the Make-Whole Amount, if any, to be paid to the holder of such Swapped Note by the Company upon any such repayment of such Swapped Note pursuant to Section 12.1,   provided   that, in either case, the Make-Whole Amount in respect of such Swapped Note may in no event be less than zero.  Each holder of a Swapped Note shall be responsible for calculating its own Net Loss or Net Gain, as the case may be, and Swap Breakage Amount in Dollars upon the prepayment or repayment of all or any portion of such Swapped Note, and such calculations as reported to the Company in reasonable detail shall be binding on the Company absent demonstrable error.    Each holder of a Swapped Note agrees that     two Business Days prior to any prepayment   of   such Swapped Note     pursuant to Section 8.2  , Section 8.3 or   Section 8.4  ,   or a  ny     purchase   of   such Swapped Note   pursuant to Section 8.7  , such holder will notify the Company of the estimated Net Loss or Net Gain, as the case may be, and Swap Breakage Amount in Dol  lars   due in connection w  ith such prepayment or     purchase (calculated as if the date of such notice were the date of the prepay  ment or     purchase). 

29   

As used in this Agreement with respect to any Swapped Note that is prepaid or accelerated:    Net Loss    means the amount, if any, by which the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount exceeds the sum of (x) the Swapped Note Called Principal plus (or minus in the case of an amount paid) (y) the Swap Breakage Amount received (or paid) by the holder of such Swapped Note; and    Net Gain    means the amount, if any, by which the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount is exceeded by the sum of (x) the Swapped Note Called Principal plus (or minus in the case of an amount paid) (y) the Swap Breakage Amount received (or paid) by such holder.  For purposes of any determination of any  Net Loss  or  Net Gain,  the Swapped Note Called Principal shall be determined by the holder of the affected Swapped Note by converting Euros into Dollars at the current Euro/Dollar exchange rate, in each case, as determined as of 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the day such Swapped Note is prepaid or accelerated as indicated on the applicable screen of Bloomberg Financial Markets or the Reuters Screen, respectively, and any such calculation shall be reported to the Company in reasonable detail and shall be binding on the Company absent demonstrable error. 

As used in this Agreement,    Swap Breakage Amount    means, with respect to the Swap Agreement associated with any Swapped Note, in determining the Net Loss or Net Gain, the Dollar amount that would be received (in which case the Swap Breakage Amount shall be positive) or paid (in which case the Swap Breakage Amount shall be negative) by the holder of such Swapped Note as if such Swap Agreement had terminated due to the occurrence of an event of default or an early termination under the ISDA 1992 Multi-Currency Cross Border Master Agreement or ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, as applicable (the    ISDA Master Agreement   );   provided, however  , that if such holder (or its predecessor in interest with respect to such Swapped Note) was, but is not at the time, a party to an Original Swap Agreement but is a party to a New Swap Agreement, then the Swap Breakage Amount shall mean the lesser of (x) the gain or loss (if any) which would have been received or incurred (by payment, through off-set or netting or otherwise) by the holder of such Swapped Note under the terms of the Original Swap Agreement (if any) in respect of such Swapped Note to which such holder (or any affiliate thereof) was a party (or if such holder was never a party to an Original Swap Agreement, then the last Original Swap Agreement to which the most recent predecessor in interest to such holder as a holder of a Swapped Note was a party) and which would have arisen as a result of the payment of the Swapped Note Called Principal on the Swapped Note Settlement Date and (y) the gain or loss (if any) actually received or incurred by the holder of such Swapped Note, in connection with the payment of such Swapped Note Called Principal on the Swapped Note Settlement Date, under the terms of the New Swap Agreement to which such holder (or any affiliate thereof) is a party.  The holder of such Swapped Note will make all calculations related to the Swap Breakage Amount in good faith and in accordance with its customary practices for calculating such amounts under the ISDA Master Agreement pursuant to which such Swap Agreement shall have been entered into and assuming for the purpose of such calculation that there are no other transactions entered into pursuant to such ISDA Master Agreement (other than such Swap Agreement). 

The Swap Breakage Amount shall be payable in Dollars. 

30   

8.10           Interest Rate. 

Each Note shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof at the Applicable Rate for such Note and such interest shall be payable as set forth in the applicable Note until the principal amount of such Note in respect of which such interest shall have accrued shall become due and payable, all as more particularly set forth in such Note. 

9.           AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS  . 

The Company covenants that so long as any of the Notes are outstanding: 

9.1           Compliance with Law. 

Without limiting Section 10.5, the Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, ordinances or governmental rules or regulations to which each of them is subject, including, without limitation, ERISA, the USA Patriot Act, Environmental Laws and the other laws and regulations that are referred to in Section 5.16, and will obtain and maintain in effect all licenses, certificates, permits, franchises and other governmental authorizations necessary to the ownership of their respective properties or to the conduct of their respective businesses, in each case, to the extent necessary to ensure that non-compliance with such laws, ordinances or governmental rules or regulations or failures to obtain or maintain in effect such licenses, certificates, permits, franchises and other governmental authorizations could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.2           Insurance. 

The Company will, and will cause each of the Guarantors to, maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance with respect to their respective properties and businesses against such casualties and contingencies, of such types, on such terms and in such amounts (including deductibles, co-insurance and self-insurance, if adequate reserves are maintained with respect thereto) as is customary in the case of entities of established reputations engaged in the same or a similar business and similarly situated. 

9.3           Maintenance of Properties. 

The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain and keep, or cause to be maintained and kept, their respective properties in good repair, working order and condition (other than ordinary wear and tear), so that the business carried on in connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times, provided that this Section 9.3 shall not prevent the Company or any Subsidiary from discontinuing the operation and the maintenance of any of its properties if such discontinuance is desirable in the conduct of its business and the Company has concluded that such discontinuance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.4           Payment of Taxes and Claims. 

The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, file all tax returns required to be filed in any jurisdiction and to pay and discharge all taxes shown to be due and payable on  

31   

such returns and all other taxes, assessments, governmental charges, or levies imposed on them or any of their properties, assets, income or franchises, to the extent the same have become due and payable and before they have become delinquent and all claims for which sums have become due and payable that have or might become a Lien on properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, provided that   (a)   neither the Company nor any Subsidiary need pay any such tax, assessme  nt, charge, levy or claim if   the amount, applicability or validity thereof is contested by the Company or such Subsidiary on a timely basis in good faith and in appropriate proceedings, and the Company or a Subsidiary has established adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP on the books of the Company or such Subsidiary or (  b  )    neither the Company nor any Subsidiary need file any such tax return or pay any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim if the nonfiling of such tax returns and   the nonpayment of all such taxes, assessments, charges and levies in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.5           Corporate Existence, etc. 

Subject to Section 10.2, the Company will at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence.  Subject to Sections 10.2 and 10.3, the Company will at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect the corporate existence of each of its Subsidiaries (unless merged into the Company or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary) and all rights and franchises of the Company and its Subsidiaries unless, in the good faith judgment of the Company, the termination of or failure to preserve and keep in full force and effect such corporate existence, right or franchise could not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.6           Books and Records. 

The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books of record and account in conformity with GAAP and all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having legal or regulatory jurisdiction over the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 

9.7           Ranking of Obligations. 

The Company will ensure that its payment obligations under this Agreement and the Notes will at all times rank at least pari passu, without preference or priority, with all other unsecured unsub  o  rdinated Indebtedness of the Company.  The Company will ensure that each Guarantor s payment obligations under the Guaranty Agreement will at all times rank at least pari passu, without preference or priority, with all other unsecured unsubordinated Indebtedness of such Guarantor. 

9.8           Guaranty by Subsidiaries; Liens. 

(a)           If at any time, pursuant to the terms and conditions of any Major Credit Facility, any existing or newly acquired or formed Subsidiary of the Company becomes obligated as a guarantor or obligor under such Major Credit Facility, the Company will, at its sole cost and expense, cause such Subsidiary to concurrently therewith become a Guarantor in respect of this Agreement and the Notes, and within ten (10) Business Days thereafter will deliver to each of the holders of the Notes the following items: 

32   

(i)            an executed supplement to the Guaranty Agreement in the form of   Exhibit   A thereto (a    Guaranty Supplement   ); 

(ii)           such documents and evidence with respect to such Subsidiary as the   Required   Holders may reasonably request in order to establish the existence and good standing of such Subsidiary and the authorization of the transactions contemplated by such Guaranty Supplement; and 

(iii)          an opinion of counsel to the Company and such Subsidiary in form and   substance   satisfactory to the Required Holders to the effect that (x) such Guaranty Supplement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such Subsidiary, (y) the Guaranty Agreement as supplemented by such Guaranty Supplement constitutes the legal, valid and binding contract and agreement of such Subsidiary, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as enforcement of such terms may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general equitable principles) and (z) the execution, delivery and performance by such Subsidiary of such Guaranty Supplement do not (A) violate any law, rule or regulation applicable to such Subsidiary, or (B) (1) conflict with or result in any breach of any of the provisions of or constitute a default under or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien not permitted by Section 10.6 or (2) conflict with or result in any breach of any of the provisions of or constitute a default under (I) the provisions of the charter, bylaws, certificate of formation, operating agreement or other constitutive documents of such Subsidiary, or (II) any agreement or other instrument to which such Subsidiary is a party or by which such Subsidiary may be bound; 

provided, that notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 9.8(a) to the contrary, the Company shall be under no obligation to (but may in its sole discretion) require any Foreign Subsidiary to become a Guarantor in respect of this Agreement and the Notes to the extent such Foreign Subsidiary s obligations under all Major Credit Facilities consist solely of direct borrowings solely to such Foreign Subsidiary (a    Foreign Borrowing   ) or guaranties of a Foreign Borrowing by another Foreign Subsidiary. 

(b)           If at any time, pursuant to the terms and conditions of all of the Major Credit Facilities, any Guarantor is discharged and released from its Guaranty of Indebtedness under all of the Major Credit Facilities and (i) such Guarantor is not a co-obligor under any of the Major Credit Facilities and (ii) the Company will have delivered to each holder of Notes an Officer s Certificate certifying that (x) the condition specified in clause (i) above has been satisfied and (y) immediately preceding the release of such Guarantor from the Guaranty Agreement and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default will have existed or would exist, then, upon receipt by the holders of Notes of such Officer s Certificate, such Guarantor will be discharged and released, automatically and without the need for any further action, from its obligations under the Guaranty Agreement; provided that, if in connection with any release of a Guarantor from its Guaranty of Indebtedness under any Major Credit Facility any fee or other consideration (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any repayment of the principal or interest under any Major Credit  

33   

Facility in connection with such release) is paid or given to any holder of Indebtedness under such Major Credit Facility in connection with such release, each holder of a Note shall receive equivalent consideration on a pro rata basis in connection with such Guarantor s release from the Guaranty Agreement.  Without limiting the foregoing, for purposes of further assurance, each of the holders of the Notes agrees to provide to the Company and such Guarantor, if reasonably requested by the Company or such Guarantor and at the Company s expense, written evidence of such discharge and release signed by such holder. 

(c)           If at any time, pursuant to the terms and conditions of any Major Credit Facility, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are required to or elect to grant Liens on any of their assets to secure the Indebtedness evidenced by such Major Credit Facility, the Company will, at its sole cost and expense, grant, or cause such Subsidiary to grant, Liens on such assets   (other tha  n the Capital Stock of a Foreign Subsidiary   if the pledge of such Capital Stock would result in adverse tax consequences   to the Company or such Subsidiary not also caused by the grant of such Lien in respect of such Major Credit Facility)   in favor of the holders of the Notes (or in favor of a collateral agent reasonably acceptable to the Required Holders for the benefit of the holders of the Notes), and within ten (10) Business Days thereafter will deliver to each of the holders of the Notes the following items: 

(i)            such security documents as the Required Holders deem reasonably necessary or advisable to grant to the holders of Notes (or such collateral agent for the benefit of the holders of Notes) a perfected first priority security interest to (or for   the   benefit of) the holders of Notes; 

(ii)           such documents and evidence with respect to such Liens as the   Required   Holders may reasonably request in order to establish the existence and priority of such Liens and the authorization of the transactions contemplated by such security documents; and 

(iii)          an opinion of counsel to the Company or such Subsidiary in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Holders to the effect that (x) such security documents have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company or such Subsidiary, (y) such security documents constitute the legal, valid and binding contract and agreement of the Company or such Subsidiary, enforceable in accordance with their terms (except as enforcement of such terms may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general equitable principles) and (z) the execution, delivery and performance by the Company or such Subsidiary of such security documents do not violate (A) any law, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or such Subsidiary, or (B)(1) conflict with or result in any breach of any of the provisions of or constitute a default under or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien not permitted by Section 10.6 or (2) conflict with or result in any breach of any of the provisions of or constitute a default under (I) the provisions of the charter, bylaws, certificate of formation, operating agreement or other constitutive documents of the Company or such Subsidiary, or (II) any agreement or other  

34   

instrument to which the Company or such Subsidiary is a party or by which such Subsidiary may be bound; 

(d)           If at any time, pursuant to the terms and conditions of any Major Credit Facility, Liens granted by the Company or any Subsidiary are released under all of the Major Credit Facilities and the Company will have delivered to each holder of Notes an Officer s Certificate certifying that immediately preceding the release of such Liens and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default will have existed or would exist, then, upon receipt by the holders of Notes of such Officer s Certificate, such Liens in favor of the holders of Notes will be discharged and released, automatically and without the need for any further action; provided that, if in connection with any release of such Liens under any Major Credit Facility any fee or other consideration (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any repayment of the principal or interest under any Major Credit Facility in connection with such release) is paid or given to any holder of Indebtedness under such Major Credit Facility in connection with such release, each holder of a Note shall receive equivalent consideration on a pro rata basis in connection with such release of Liens securing the Indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement and the Notes.  Without limiting the foregoing, for purposes of further assurance, each of the holders of the Notes agrees to provide to the Company, if reasonably requested by the Company and at the Company s expense, written evidence of such discharge and release signed by such holder (or the collateral agent appointed by the holders of Notes). 

9.9           Intercreditor Agreement. 

If at any time, pursuant to the terms and conditions of any Major Credit Facility, (a) Subsidiaries of the Company are required to provide a Guaranty of the Company s Indebtedness under such Major Credit Facility and such Subsidiaries are required to become a Guarantor in respect of this Agreement and the Notes or (b) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are required to grant Liens on any of their assets to secure the Indebtedness evidenced by any Major Credit Facility or any guaranty thereof, and the Company or such Subsidiaries are required to grant Liens to secure the Indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement and the Notes, then the Company will, concurrently with the execution thereof or the granting of such Guaranties and/or Liens, cause the lenders under such Major Credit Facility to enter into, and the holders of Notes hereby agree to enter into, an intercreditor agreement in form and substance (including, without limitation, as to the sharing of recoveries and set offs) reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders (the    Intercreditor Agreement   ) with the holders of Notes, or enter into a joinder agreement to such Intercreditor Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders (it being acknowledged and agreed that the Second Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement is in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Holders with respect to the granting of Guaranties).  Within ten (10) Business Days following the execution of any such Intercreditor Agreement (or any joinder thereto), the Company will deliver an executed copy thereof to each holder of Notes. 

10.          NEGATIVE COVENANTS  . 

The Company covenants that so long as any of the Notes are outstanding: 

35   

10.1          Transactions with Affiliates. 

The Company will not and will not permit any Subsidiary to enter into directly or indirectly any Material transaction or group of related transactions which collectively are Material (including without limitation the purchase, lease, sale or exchange of properties of any kind or the rendering of any service) with any Affiliate (other than the Company or another Subsidiary), except in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the Company s or such Subsidiary s business and, in each case, upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Company or such Subsidiary than would be obtainable in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate. 

10.2          Merger, Consolidation, etc. 

The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, consolidate with or merge with any other Person or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its assets in a single transaction or series of transactions to any Person (except that, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, a Subsidiary of the Company may (x) consolidate with or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its assets in a single transaction or series of transactions to, the Company or another Subsidiary, so long as in each case involving a Guarantor, the survivor of such merger or consolidation or the transferee of such assets shall have assumed such Guarantor s obligations under the Guaranty Agreement (and to the extent the Guarantor is not the survivor or transferee, the Company shall cause the successor thereto to comply with clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 10.2 as if the Successor Company (as defined below) were the successor to such Guarantor) and (y) convey, transfer or lease all of its assets in compliance with the provisions of Section 10.3), provided that the foregoing restriction does not apply to the consolidation or merger of the Company with, or the conveyance, transfer or lease of substantially all of the assets of the Company in a single transaction or series of transactions to, any Person so long as: 

(a)           the successor formed by such consolidation or the survivor of such merger or the Person that acquires by conveyance, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the assets of the Company as an entirety, as the case may be (the    Successor Company   ), will be a solvent corporation or limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia; 

(b)           if the Company is not the Successor Company, such Successor Company will have executed and delivered to each holder of Notes its assumption of the due and punctual performance and observance of each covenant and condition of this Agreement and the Notes (pursuant to such agreements and instruments as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders), and the Company will have caused to be delivered to each holder of Notes an opinion of nationally recognized independent counsel, or other independent counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders, to the effect that all agreements or instruments effecting such assumption are enforceable in accordance with their terms (except as enforcement of such terms may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general equitable principles); 

36   

(c)           immediately after giving effect to such transaction: 

(i)            no   Default   or Event of Default would exist, and 

(ii)           the   Successor   Company would be permitted by the provisions of Section 10.8 hereof to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness (determined on a   pro     forma   basis based upon EBITDA for the four (4) fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements have been provided to holders of Notes); and 

(d)           each Guarantor confirms in writing its obligations under and pursuant to the Guaranty Agreement; 

provided  , however, that no such conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company will have the effect of releasing the Company (or any Successor Company) from its liability under this Agreement or the Notes, or of releasing any Guarantor (or any successor) from its liability under the Guaranty Agreement. 

10.3          Sale of Assets. 

Except as permitted under Section 10.2, the Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Asset Disposition unless: 

(a)           in the good faith opinion of the Company, the Asset Disposition is in exchange for consideration having a Fair Market Value at least equal to that of the property exchanged and is in the best interest of the Company or such Subsidiary; and 

(b)           immediately after giving effect to the Asset Disposition, no Default or Event of Default would exist and the Company would be permitted by the provisions of Section 10.8 hereof to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness (determined on a   pro     forma   basis based upon EBITDA for the four (4) fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements have been provided to holders of Notes); and 

(c)           immediately after giving effect to the Asset Disposition, the Disposition Value of all property that was the subject of any Asset Disposition occurring during the then current fiscal year of the Company, would not exceed an amount equal to 15% of Consolidated Total Assets determined as of the end of the then most recently ended fiscal year of the Company. 

If the Net Proceeds Amount from any Transfer is applied to a Debt Prepayment Application or a Property Reinvestment Application within 365 days after such Transfer, then such Transfer, only for the purpose of determining compliance with subsection (c) of this Section 10.3 as of any date, shall be deemed not to be an Asset Disposition as of the date of such application. 

10.4          Line of Business. 

The Company will not and will not permit any Subsidiary to engage in any business if, as a result, the general nature of the business in which the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a  

37   

whole, would then be engaged would be substantially changed from the general nature of the business in which the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are engaged on the date of this Agreement as described in the   Investor Presentation  . 

10.5          Terrorism Sanctions Regulations. 

The Company will not and will not permit any Controlled Entity (a) to become (including by virtue of being owned or controlled by a Blocked Person), own or control a Blocked Person or any Person that is the target  of sanctions imposed by the United Nations or by the European Union, or (b) directly or indirectly to have any investment in or engage in any dealing or transaction (including, without limitation, any investment, dealing or transaction involving the proceeds of the Notes) with any Person if such investment, dealing or transaction (i) would cause any holder   or any Affiliate of such holder   to be in violation of  , or subject to sanctions under,   any law or regulation applicable to such holder, or (ii) is prohibited by or subject to sanctions un  der any U.S. Economic Sanctions  . 

10.6          Liens. 

The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) any Lien on or with respect to any property or asset (including, without limitation, any document or instrument in respect of goods or accounts receivable) of the Company or any such Subsidiary, whether now owned or held or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, except: 

(a)           Permitted Liens; and 

(b)           Liens in addition to those permitted by clause (a) of this Section 10.6, provided that at the time of incurrence of such other Liens and after giving effect thereto, (i) the total amount of Indebtedness secured by Liens pursuant to this clause (b) at no time exceeds an amount equal to 15% of Consolidated Net Worth and (ii) the Company is in compliance with the terms of Section 10.9. 

10.7          Minimum Consolidated Net Worth. 

The Company will not permit its Consolidated Net Worth at any time to be less than the sum of (a) $1,046,619,000  plus (b) an aggregate amount equal to 50% of its Consolidated Net Earnings (but, in each case, only if a positive number) for each completed fiscal year beginning with the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 

10.8          Maximum Leverage Ratio. 

The Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries will not permit the ratio (the  Leverage Ratio ) of (a) Net Indebtedness to (b) EBITDA to be greater than (x) 4.0 to 1.0 during any Material Acquisition Period or (y) 3.5 to 1.0 at any other time.  The Leverage Ratio will be calculated, in each case, determined as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company based upon (i) for Net Indebtedness, Net Indebtedness as of the last day of such fiscal quarter; and (ii) for EBITDA, the actual amount for the four (4) fiscal quarter period ending on such date. 

38   

10.9          Priority Debt. 

The Company will not at any time permit Priority Debt to exceed 25% of Consolidated Net Worth (determined as of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company). 

10.10         Subsidiary Debt. 

The Company will not at any time permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume, guaranty, permit to exist or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly liable with respect to any Indebtedness other than: 

(a)           Indebtedness   of a Subsidiary outstanding   as of June 30, 2016   as   described on   Schedule 5.15   and any extension, renewal or refunding thereof if the principal amount thereof is not increased in connection with such extension, renewal or refunding; 

(b)           Indebtedness of a Subsidiary owed to the Company or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; 

(c)           Guaranties by a Subsidiary of Indebtedness of another Subsidiary that is otherwise permitted under the terms of this Agreement; 

(d)           Indebtedness evidenced by (i) any Guaranty Agreement (as the same may be supplemented from time to time by any Guaranty Supplement) or (ii) any Guaranty of any Major Credit Facility so long as such Subsidiary has executed and delivered a Guaranty Agreement and the Company has complied with the provisions of Section 9.8 and Section 9.9; 

(e)           Indebtedness of a Subsidiary in connection with a Permitted Receivables Securitization program permitted pursuant to Section 10.11; 

(f)           Indebtedness of a Subsidiary outstanding at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary provided that (i) such Indebtedness shall not have been incurred in contemplation of such Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary and (ii) immediately after such Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary no Default or Event of Default shall exist, and provided, further, that such Indebtedness may not be extended, renewed or refunded except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement; and 

(g)           additional Indebtedness of a Subsidiary; provided that on the date the Subsidiary incurs or otherwise becomes liable with respect to any such additional Indebtedness and immediately after giving effect thereto and to the application of the proceeds thereof, 

(i)            no   Default   or Event of Default shall exist; 

(ii)           such Indebtedness can be incurred within the applicable limitations provided in   Sections   10.8 and 10.9; and 

39   

(iii)          the total amount of all Indebtedness permitted under this Section 10.10(g) at no time exceeds an amount equal to 20% of Consolidated Net Worth. 

10.11         Permitted Receivables Securitization Program. 

The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, sell any Securitization Assets pursuant to a Permitted Receivables Securitization program or otherwise unless (a) immediately before and after giving effect to such sale, no Default or Event of Default exists, (b) after giving effect to such sale, the aggregate outstanding face amount of Securitization Assets sold by the Company or a Subsidiary pursuant to a Permitted Receivables Securitization program does not exceed an amount equal to 15% of Consolidated Total Assets (determined as of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company) and (c) immediately after the giving effect to such sale, the Company would be permitted by the provisions of Section 10.8 hereof to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness   (determined on a   pro     forma   basis based upon EBITDA for the four (4) fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements have been provided to holders of Notes)  . 

11.          EVENTS OF DEFAULT  . 

An  Event of Default  shall exist if any of the following conditions or events shall occur and be continuing: 

(a)           the Company defaults in the payment of any principal, Make-Whole Amount or Net Loss     with respect to any Swapped Note  , if any, on any Note or any Guarantor defaults in the payment under the Guaranty Agreement when the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or at a date fixed for prepayment or by declaration or otherwise; or 

(b)           the Company defaults in the payment of any interest on any Note for more than five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due and payable; or 

(c)           the Company defaults in the performance of or compliance with any term contained in Section 7.1(d) or Section 10; or 

(d)           the Company defaults in the performance of or compliance with any term contained herein (other than those referred to in Sections 11(a), (b) and (c)) and such default is not remedied within thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) a Responsible Officer obtaining actual knowledge of such default and (ii) the Company receiving written notice of such default from any holder of a Note (any such written notice to be identified as a  notice of default  and to refer specifically to this Section 11(d)); or 

(e)           (i) any representation or warranty made in writing by or on behalf of the Company or by any officer of the Company in this Agreement or in any writing furnished in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby proves to have been false or incorrect in any material respect on the date as of which made, or (ii)   any representation or warranty made in writing by   or on behalf of any   Guarantor or by any officer of such   Guarantor in any   Guaranty   Agreement   or any writing furnished in   connection with such  

40   

Guaranty   Agreement   proves to have been false or incorrect in any material respect on the date as of which made  ; or 

(f)           (i) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary is in default (as principal or as guarantor or other surety) in the payment of any principal of or premium or make-whole amount or interest on any Indebtedness that is outstanding in an aggregate   principal amount of at least $60  ,000,000 beyond any period of grace provided with respect thereto, or (ii) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary is in default in the performance of or compliance with any Material Covenant of any evidence of any Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding   principal amount of at least $60  ,000,000, and as a consequence of such default such Indebtedness has become, or has been declared (or one or more Persons are entitled to declare such Indebtedness to be), due and payable before its stated maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment, or (iii) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary is in default in the performance of or compliance with any term of any evidence of any Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding   principal amount of at least $60  ,000,000 or any mortgage, indenture or other agreement relating thereto or any other condition exists, and as a consequence of such default or condition such Indebtedness has become, or has been declared, due and payable before its stated maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment, or (iv) as a consequence of the occurrence or continuation of any event or condition (other than the passage of time or the right of the holder of Indebtedness to convert such Indebtedness into equity interests), (x) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary has become obligated to purchase or repay Indebtedness before its regular maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment in an aggregate outstanding   principal amount of at least $60  ,000,000, or (y) one or more Persons have the right to require the Company or any Significant Subsidiary so to purchase or repay such Indebtedness as a result of a default in the performance of or compliance with any Material Covenant by the Company o  r any Significant Subsidiary; or 

(g)           the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (i) is generally not paying, or admits in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, (ii) files, or consents by answer or otherwise to the filing against it of, a petition for relief or reorganization or arrangement or any other petition in bankruptcy, for liquidation or to take advantage of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar law of any jurisdiction, (iii) makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (iv) consents to the appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee or other officer with similar powers with respect to it or with respect to any substantial part of its property, (v) is adjudicated as insolvent or to be liquidated, or (vi) takes corporate action for the purpose of any of the foregoing; or 

(h)           a court or Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction enters an order appointing, without consent by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, a custodian, receiver, trustee or other officer with similar powers with respect to it or with respect to any substantial part of its property, or constituting an order for relief or approving a petition for relief or reorganization or any other petition in bankruptcy or for liquidation or to take advantage of any bankruptcy or insolvency law of any jurisdiction, or ordering the dissolution, winding-up or liquidation of the Company or any of its Significant  

41   

Subsidiaries, or any such petition shall be filed against the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries and such petition shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days; or 

(i)           a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $60,000,000 are rendered against one or more of the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries (except to the extent covered by independent third party insurance as to which the insurer has acknowledged coverage) and which judgments are not, within sixty (60) days after entry thereof, bonded, discharged or stayed pending appeal, or are not discharged within sixty (60) days after the expiration of such stay; or 

(j)           if (i) any Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code shall fail to satisfy the minimum funding standards of ERISA or the Code for any plan year or part thereof or a waiver of such standards or extension of any amortization period is sought or granted under section 412 of the Code, (ii) a notice of intent to terminate any Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA shall have been or is reasonably expected to be filed with the PBGC or the PBGC shall have instituted proceedings under ERISA section 4042 to terminate or appoint a trustee to administer any Plan or the PBGC shall have notified in writing the Company or any ERISA Affiliate that a Plan may become a subject of any such proceedings, (iii)   the aggregate      amount of unfunded benefit liabilities      (within the meaning of section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA) under all Plans (other than Multiemployer Plans) subject to Title IV of ERISA, determined in accordance with Title IV of   ERISA, shall exceed $60,000,000, (iv) the   aggregate present value of accrued benefit liabilities under all funded Non-U.S. Plans exceeds the aggregate current value of the assets of such Non-U.S. Plans allocable to such liabilities, (v)   the Company or any ERISA Affiliate shall have incurred or is reasonably expected to incur any liability for the failure to comply with the provisions of Title I of ERISA or pursuant to Title IV of ERISA or the penalty or excise tax provisions of the Code relating to employee benefit plans, (vi) the Company or any ERISA Affiliate withdraws from any Multiemployer Plan, or (vii) the Company or any Subsidiary establishes or amends any employee welfare benefit plan that provides post-employment welfare benefits in a manner that would increase the liability of the Company or any Subsidiary thereunder,   (viii) the   Company   or any Subsidiary fails to administer or maintain a Non-U.S. Plan in compliance with the requirements of any and all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations or court orders or any Non-U.S. Plan is involuntarily terminated or wound up, or (ix) the   Company   or any Subsidiary becomes subject to the imposition of a financial penalty (which for this purpose shall mean any tax, penalty or other liability, whether by way of indemnity or otherwise) with respect to one or more Non-U.S. Plans;   and any such event or events described in clauses (i) through (ix) above, either individually or together with any other such event or events, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(k)           (i) a default shall occur under the Guaranty Agreement and such default shall continue beyond the period of grace, if any, allowed with respect thereto or (ii) except as expressly permitted under Section 9.8(b), the Guaranty Agreement shall cease to be in full force and effect for any reason whatsoever with respect to one or more Guarantors, including, without limitation, a determination by any Governmental Authority or court that such agreement is invalid, void or unenforceable with respect to one or more Guarantors  

42   

or any Guarantor shall contest or deny in writing the validity or enforceability of any of its obligations under the Guaranty Agreement. 

As used in Section 11(j  ), the terms  employee benefit plan  and  employee welfare benefit plan  shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in section 3 of ERISA. 

12.          REMEDIES ON DEFAULT, ETC  . 

12.1          Acceleration. 

(a)           If an Event of Default with respect to the Company or any Guara  ntor described in Section 11(g) or (h)   (other than an Event of Default described in clause (i) of Section 11(g) or described in clause (vi) of Section 11(g) by virtue of the fact that such clause encompasses clause (i) of Section 11(g)) has occurred, all the Notes then outstanding shall automatically become immediately due and payable. 

(b)           If any other Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Required Holders may at any time at their option, by notice or notices to the Company, declare all the Notes then outstanding to be immediately due and payable. 

(c)           If any Event of Default described in Section 11(a) or (b) has occurred and is continuing, any holder or holders of Notes at the time outstanding affected by such Event of Default may at any time, at its or their option, by notice or notices to the Company, declare all the Notes held by it or them to be immediately due and payable. 

Upon any Notes becoming due and payable under this Section 12.1, whether automatically or by declaration, such Notes will forthwith mature and the entire unpaid principal amount of such Notes, plus (x) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including, but not limited to, interest accrued thereon at the Default Rate upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default), (y) the applicable Make-Whole Amount, if any, determined in respect of such principal amount (to the full extent permitted by applicable law)  , as applicable  , and (z) any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note     and, subject to Section 8.9, less the amount of any Net Gain w  ith respect to any Swapped Note   shall all be immediately due and payable, in each and every case without presentment, demand, protest or further notice, all of which are hereby waived.  The Company acknowledges, and the parties hereto agree, that each holder of a Note has the right to maintain its investment in the Notes free from repayment by the Company (except as herein specifically provided for) and that the provision for payment of a Make-Whole Amount, if any, by the Company if the Notes are prepaid or are accelerated as a result of an Event of Default, is intended to provide compensation for the deprivation of such right under such circumstances. 

12.2          Other Remedies. 

If any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and irrespective of whether any Notes have become or have been declared immediately due and payable under Section 12.1, the holder of any Note at the time outstanding may proceed to protect and enforce the rights of such holder by an action at law, suit in equity or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any agreement contained herein or in any Note or Guaranty  

43   

Agreement, or for an injunction against a violation of any of the terms hereof or thereof, or in aid of the exercise of any power granted hereby or thereby or by law or otherwise. 

12.3          Rescission. 

At any time after any Notes have been declared due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1(b) or (c), the Required Holders, by written notice to the Company, may rescind and annul any such declaration and its consequences if (a) the Company has paid all overdue interest on the Notes, all principal of and Make-Whole Amount and/or Net Loss     with respect to any Swapped Note  , if any, on any Notes that are due and payable and are unpaid other than by reason of such declaration, and all interest on such overdue principal and Make-Whole Amount and/or Net Loss     with respect to any Swapped Note  , if any, and (to the extent permitted by applicable law) any overdue interest in respect of the Notes, at the Default Rate, (b) neither the Company nor any other Person shall have paid any amounts which have become due solely by reason of such declaration, (c) all Events of Default and Defaults, other than non-payment of amounts that have become due solely by reason of such declaration, have been cured or have been waived pursuant to Section 17, and (d) no judgment or decree has been entered for the payment of any monies due pursuant hereto or to the Notes.  No rescission and annulment under this Section 12.3 will extend to or affect any subsequent Event of Default or Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

12.4          No Waivers or Election of Remedies, Expenses, etc. 

No course of dealing and no delay on the part of any holder of any Note in exercising any right, power or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise prejudice such holder s rights, powers or remedies.  No right, power or remedy conferred by this Agreement, the Guaranty Agreement or by any Note upon any holder thereof shall be exclusive of any other right, power or remedy referred to herein or therein or now or hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise.  Without limiting the obligations of the Company under Section 15, the Company will pay to the holder of each Note on demand such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover all costs and expenses of such holder incurred in any enforcement or collection under this Section 12, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees, expenses and disbursements. 

13.          REGISTRATION; EXCHANGE; SUBSTITUTION OF NOTES  . 

13.1          Registration of Notes. 

The Company shall keep at its principal executive office a register for the registration and registration of transfers of Notes.  The name and address of each holder of one or more Notes, each transfer thereof and the name and address of each transferee of one or more Notes shall be registered in such register.    If any holder of one or more Notes is a nominee, then (a) the name and address of the beneficial owner of such Note or Notes shall also be registered in such register as an owner and holder thereof and (b) at any such beneficial owner     s option, either such beneficial owner or its nominee may execute any amendment, waiver or consent pursuant to this Agreement  .  Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Person in whose name any Note shall be registered shall be deemed and treated as the owner and holder thereof for all purposes hereof, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice or knowledge to the contrary.  The Company shall  

44   

give to any holder of a Note that is an Institutional Investor promptly upon request therefor, a complete and correct copy of the names and addresses of all registered holders of Notes. 

13.2          Transfer and Exchange of Notes. 

Upon surrender of any Note to the Company at the address and to the attention of the designated officer (all as specified in Section 18(iii)), for registration of transfer or exchange (and in the case of a surrender for registration of transfer accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed by the registered holder of such Note or such holder s attorney duly authorized in writing and accompanied by the relevant name, address and other information for notices of each transferee of such Note or part thereof), within ten Business Days thereafter, the Company shall execute and deliver, at the Company s expense (except as provided below), one or more new Notes (as requested by the holder thereof) in exchange therefor, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of the surrendered Note.  Each such new Note shall be payable to such Person as such holder may request and   shall be substan  tially in the form of   Exhibit 1  .  Each such new Note shall be dated and bear interest from the date to which interest shall have been paid on the surrendered Note or dated the date of the surrendered Note if no interest shall have been paid thereon.  The Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp tax or governmental charge imposed in respect of any such transfer of Notes.  Notes shall not be transferred in denominations of less than  100,000, provided that if necessary to enable the registration of transfer by a holder of its entire holding of Notes, one Note may be in a denomination of less than  100,000.  Any transferee, by its acceptance of a Note registered in its name (or the name of its nominee), shall be deemed to have made the representation set forth in Section 6.3. 

The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or under the securities laws of any state and may not be transferred or resold unless registered under the Securities Act and all applicable state securities laws or unless an exemption from the requirement for such registration is available. 

13.3          Replacement of Notes. 

Upon receipt by the Company at the address and to the attention of the designated officer (all as specified in Section 18(iii)) of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the ownership of and the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Note (which evidence shall be, in the case of an Institutional Investor, notice from such Institutional Investor of such ownership and such loss, theft, destruction or mutilation), and 

(a)           in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it (provided that if the holder of such Note is, or is a nominee for, an original Purchaser or another holder of a Note with a minimum net worth of at least $50,000,000 or a Qualified Institutional Buyer, such Person s own unsecured agreement of indemnity shall be deemed to be satisfactory), or 

(b)           in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation thereof, 

45   

within fifteen (15) Business Days thereafter, the Company at its own expense shall execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Note, dated and bearing interest from the date to which interest shall have been paid on such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note or dated the date of such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note if no interest shall have been paid thereon. 

14.          PAYMENTS ON NOTES  . 

14.1          Place of Payment. 

Subject to Section 14.2, payments of principal, Make-Whole Amount and/or Net Loss     with respect to any Swapped Note  , if any, and interest becoming due and payable on the Notes shall be made in New York, New York at the principal office of Bank of America, N.A. in such jurisdiction.  The Company may at any time, by notice to each holder of a Note, change the place of payment of the Notes so long as such place of payment shall be either the principal office of the Company in such jurisdiction or the principal office of a bank or trust company in such jurisdiction. 

14.2          Home Office Payment. 

So long as any Purchaser or its nominee shall be the holder of any Note, and notwithstanding anything contained in Section 14.1 or in such Note to the contrary, the Company will pay all sums becoming due on such Note for principal, Make-Whole Amount and/or Net Loss     with respect to any Swapped Note  , if any, and interest by the method and at the address specified for such purpose below such Purchaser s name in   Schedule A  , or by such other commercially reasonable method or at such other address as such Purchaser shall have from time to time specified to the Company in writing for such purpose, without the presentation or surrender of such Note or the making of any notation thereon, except that upon written request of the Company made concurrently with or reasonably promptly after payment or prepayment in full of any Note, such Purchaser shall surrender such Note for cancellation, reasonably promptly after any such request, to the Company at its principal executive office or at the place of payment most recently designated by the Company pursuant to Section 14.1.  Prior to any sale or other disposition of any Note held by a Purchaser or its nominee, such Purchaser will, at its election, either endorse thereon the amount of principal paid thereon and the last date to which interest has been paid thereon or surrender such Note to the Company in exchange for a new Note or Notes pursuant to Section 13.2.  The Company will afford the benefits of this Section 14.2 to any Institutional Investor that is the direct or indirect transferee of any Note purchased by a Purchaser under this Agreement and that has made the same agreement relating to such Note as the Purchasers have made in this Section 14.2. 

14.3          FATCA Information. 

By acceptance of any Note, the holder of such Note agrees that such holder will with reasonable promptness duly complete and deliver to the Company, or to such other Person as may be reasonably requested by the Company, from time to time (a) in the case of any such holder that is a United States Person, such holder     s United States tax identification number or other Forms reasonably requested by the Company necessary to establish such holder     s status as a United States Person under FATCA and as may otherwise be necessary for the Company to comply with its obligations under FATCA and (b) in the case of any such holder that is not a United States Person,  

46   

such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation as may be necessary for the Company to comply with its obligations under FATCA and to determine that such holder has complied with such holder     s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount (if any) to deduct and withhold from any such payment made to such holder.  Nothing in this Section 14.3 shall require any holder to provide information that is confidential or proprietary to such holder unless the Company is required to obtain such information under FATCA and, in such event, the Company shall treat any such information it receives as confidential 

15.          EXPENSES, ETC  . 

15.1          Transaction Expenses. 

Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Company will pay all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees of a special counsel and, if reasonably required by the Required Holders, local or other counsel) incurred by the Purchasers and each other holder of a Note in connection with such transactions and in connection with any amendments, waivers or consents under or in respect of this Agreement, the Guaranty Agreement or the Notes (whether or not such amendment, waiver or consent becomes effective), including, without limitation: (a) the costs and expenses incurred in enforcing or defending (or determining whether or how to enforce or defend) any rights under this Agreement, the Guaranty Agreement or the Notes or in responding to any subpoena or other legal process or informal investigative demand issued in connection with this Agreement, the Guaranty Agreement or the Notes, or by reason of being a holder of any Note, (b) the costs and expenses, including financial advisors  fees, incurred in connection with the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or any Subsidiary or in connection with any work-out or restructuring of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Notes and (c) the costs and expenses incurred in connection with the initial filing of this Agreement and all related documents and financial information with the SVO, provided that such costs and expenses under this clause (c) shall not exceed $5,000. 

The Company will pay, and will save each Purchaser and each other holder of a Note harmless from, (i) all claims in respect of any fees, costs or expenses, if any, of brokers and finders (other than those, if any, retained by a Purchaser or other holder in connection with its purchase of the Notes), (ii) any and all wire transfer fees that any bank or other financial institution deducts from any payment under such Note to such holder or otherwise charges to a holder of a Note with respect to a payment under such Note and (iii) any judgment, liability, claim, order, decree, fine, penalty, cost, fee, expense (including reasonable attorneys      fees and expenses) or obligation resulting from the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the use of the proceeds of the Notes by the Company 

15.2          Certain Taxes. 

The Company agrees to pay all stamp, documentary or similar taxes or fees which may be payable in respect of the execution and delivery or the enforcement of this Agreement or any Subsidiary Guaranty or the execution and delivery (but not the transfer) or the enforcement of any of the Notes in the United States or any other jurisdiction where the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor has assets or of any amendment of, or waiver or consent under or with respect to, this  

47   

Agreement or any Subsidiary Guaranty or of any of the Notes, and to pay any value added tax due and payable in respect of reimbursement of costs and expenses by the Company pursuant to this Section 15, and will save each holder of a Note to the extent permitted by applicable law harmless against any loss or liability resulting from nonpayment or delay in payment of any such tax or fee required to be paid by the Company hereunder 

15.3          Survival. 

The obligations of the Company under this Section 15 will survive the payment or transfer of any Note, the enforcement, amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, the Guaranty Agreement or the Notes, and the termination of this Agreement or the Guaranty Agreement. 

16.          SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS A  ND WARRANTIES; ENTIRE AGREEMENT  . 

All representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Notes, the purchase or transfer by any Purchaser of any Note or portion thereof or interest therein and the payment of any Note, and may be relied upon by any subsequent holder of a Note, regardless of any investigation made at any time by or on behalf of such Purchaser or any other holder of a Note.  All statements contained in any certificate or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of the Company or any Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement   or the Guaranty Agreement   shall be deemed representations and warranties of the Company or such Guarantor under this Agreement   or the Guaranty Agreement, as applicable  .  Subject to the preced  ing sentence, this Agreement,   the Notes   and the Guaranty Agreement   embody the entire agreement and understa  nding between each Purchaser,   the Company   and the Guarantors   and supersede all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof. 

17.          AMENDMENT AND WAIVER  . 

17.1          Requirements. 

This Agreement and the Notes may be amended, and the observance of any term hereof or of the Notes may be waived (either retroactively or prospectively), with (and only with) the written consent of the Company and the Required Holders, except that (a) no amendment or waiver of any of the provisions of Section 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or 21 hereof, or any defined term (as it is used therein), will be effective as to any Purchaser unless consented to by such Purchaser in writing, and (b) no such amendment or waiver may, without the written consent of the holder of each Note at the time outstanding affected thereby, (i) subject to the provisions of Section 12 relating to acceleration or rescission, change the amount or time of any prepayment or payment of principal of, or reduce the rate or change the time of payment or method of computation of interest or of the Make-Whole Amount on, the Notes, or the   Net   Loss, Net Gain or Swap Breakage Amount     with respect to any Swapped Note   (ii)   change the percentage of the principal amount of the Notes the holders of which are required to consent to any amendment or waiver or the principal amount of the Notes that the Purchasers are to purchase pursuant to Section 2 upon the satisfaction of the conditions to Closing that appear in S  ection 4, or (iii) amend any of Sec  tions 8, 11(a), 11(b), 12, 17,   20   or 22.9   or (iv)  

48   

release any Guarantor from the Guaranty Agreement (other than in compliance with Section 9.8(b)). 

17.2          Solicitation of Holders of Notes. 

(a)           Solicitation  .    The Company will provide each   holder of a Note (irrespective of the amount of the Notes then owned by it)   with sufficient information, sufficiently far in advance of the date a decision is requir  ed, to enable   such holder to make an informed and considered decision with respect to any proposed amendment, waiver or consent in respect of any of the provisions hereof or of the Notes or the Guaranty Agreement.  The Company will deliver executed or true and correct copies of each amendment, waiver or consent effected pursuant to this Section 17 or the Guaranty   Agreement to each holder of a Note   promptly following the date on which it is executed and delivered by, or receives the consent or approval of, the requisite   holders of Notes. 

(b)           Payment  .    The Company will not directly or indirectly pay or cause to be paid any remuneration, whether by way of supplemental or additional interest, fee or otherwise, or grant any security or provide other credit support, to   any   holder of a Note as consideration for or as an inducement to the entering into by such holder of any waiver or amendment of any of the terms and provisions hereof or of any the Guaranty Agreement or any Note unless such remuneration is concurrently paid, or security is concurrently granted or other credit support concurrently provided, on the same term  s, ratably to   each holder of a Note even if such holder did not cons  ent to such waiver or amendment. 

(c)           Consent in Contemplation of Transfer  .    Any consent given pursuant to th  is Section 17 or the   Guaranty   Agreement   by a holder of a Note that has transferred or has agreed to transfer its Note to   (i)   the Company,   (ii)   any Subsidiary   or any Affiliate or (iii)   any other Person in connection with, or in anticipation of, such other Person acquiring, making a tender offer for or merging with the Company and/or any of its Affiliates (either pursuant to a waiver under Section 17.1(c) or subsequent to Section 8.5 having been amended pursuant to Section 17.1(c))  , in each case,   in connection with such consent shall be void and of no force or effect except solely as to such holder, and any amendments effected or waivers granted or to be effected or granted that would not have been or would not be so effected or granted but for such consent (and the consents of all other holders of Notes that were acquired under the same or similar conditions) shall be void and of no force or effect except solely as to such holder. 

17.3          Binding Effect, etc. 

Any amendment or waiver consented to as provided in this Section 17 or   the   Guaranty   Agreement   applies equally to all holders of Notes and is binding upon them and upon each future holder of any Note and upon the Company without regard to whether such Note has been marked to indicate such amendment or waiver.  No such amendment or waiver will extend to or affect any obligation, covenant, agreement, Default or Event of Default not expressly amended or waived or impair any right consequent thereon.  No course of dealing between the Company and any holder of a Note and no delay in exercising any rights hereunder or under any Note or   the   Guaranty   Agreement   shall operate as a waiver of any rights of any holder of such Note.    As used herein, the  

49   

term    this Agreement    and references thereto shall mean this Agreement as it may from time to time be amended or supplemented. 

17.4          Notes Held by Company, etc. 

Solely for the purpose of determining whether the holders of the requisite percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding approved or consented to any amendment, waiver or consent to be given under this Agreement, the Guaranty Agreement or the Notes, or have directed the taking of any action provided herein or in the Guaranty Agreement or the Notes to be taken upon the direction of the holders of a specified percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, Notes directly or indirectly owned by the Company or any of its Affiliates shall be deemed not to be outstanding. 

18.          NOTICES  . 

All notices and communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and sent (a) by telecopy if the sender on the same day sends a confirming copy of such notice by a recognized overnight delivery service (charges prepaid), or (b) by registered or certified mail with return receipt requested (postage prepaid), or (c) by a recognized overnight delivery service (with charges prepaid).  Any such notice must be sent: 

(i)            if to any Purchaser or its nominee, to such Purchaser or nominee at the address   specified   for such communications in   Schedule A  , or at such other address as such Purchaser or nominee shall have specified to the Company in writing, 

(ii)           if to any other holder of any Note, to such holder at such address as such other holder shall have specified to the Company in writing, or 

(iii)          if to the Company, to the Company at its address set forth at the beginning hereof to the attention of the Chief Financial Officer, or at such other address as the Company shall have specified to the holder of each Note in writing. 

Notices under this Section 18 will be deemed given only when actually received. 

19.          REPRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS  . 

This Agreement and all documents relating hereto, including, without limitation, (a) consents, waivers and modifications that may hereafter be executed, (b) documents rec  eived by any Purchaser at the   Closing (except the Notes themselves), and (c) financial statements, certificates and other information previously or hereafter furnished to any Purchaser, may be reproduced by such Purchaser by any photographic, photostatic, electronic, digital, or other similar process and such Purchaser may destroy any original document so reproduced.  The Company agrees and stipulates that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any such reproduction shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding (whether or not the original is in existence and whether or not such reproduction was made by such Purchaser in the regular course of business) and any enlargement, facsimile or further reproduction of such reproduction shall likewise be admissible in evidence.  This Section 19 shall not prohibit  

50   

the Company or any other holder of Notes from contesting any such reproduction to the same extent that it could contest the original, or from introducing evidence to demonstrate the inaccuracy of any such reproduction. 

20.          CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  . 

For the purposes of this Section 20,  Confidential Information  means information delivered to any Purchaser or any holder of a Note by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with the transactions contemplated by or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement that is proprietary in nature and that was clearly marked or labeled or otherwise adequately identified when received by such Purchaser as being confidential information of the Company or such Subsidiary, provided that such term does not include information that (a) was publicly known or otherwise known to such Purchaser prior to the time of such disclosure, (b) subsequently becomes publicly known through no act or omission by such Purchaser or any Person acting on such Purchaser s behalf, (c) otherwise becomes known to such Purchaser other than through disclosure by the Company or any Subsidiary or (d) constitutes financial statements delivered to such Purchaser under Section 7.1 that are otherwise publicly available.  Each Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information in accordance with procedures adopted by such Purchaser in good faith to protect confidential information of third parties delivered to such Purchaser, provided that such Purchaser may deliver or disclose Confidential Information to (i) its directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, trustees and affiliates (to the extent such disclosure reasonably relates to the administration of the investment represented by its Notes), (ii) its financial advisors and other professional advisors who agree to hold confidential the Confidential Information substantially in accordance with the terms of this Section 20, (iii) any other holder of any Note, (iv) any Institutional Investor to which it sells or offers to sell such Note or any part thereof or any participation therein (if such Person has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of such Confidential Information to be bound by the provisions of this Section 20), (v) any Person from which it offers to purchase any Security of the Company (if such Person has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of such Confidential Information to be bound by the provisions of this Section 20), (vi) any federal or state regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Purchaser, (vii) the NAIC or the SVO or, in each case, any similar organization, or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about such Purchaser s investment portfolio, or (viii) any other Person to which such delivery or disclosure may be necessary or appropriate (w) to effect compliance with any law, rule, regulation or order applicable to such Purchaser, (x) in response to any subpoena or other legal process, (y) in connection with any litigation to which such Purchaser is a party or (z) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the extent such Purchaser may reasonably determine such delivery and disclosure to be necessary or appropriate in the enforcement or for the protection of the rights and remedies under such Purchaser s Notes, this Agreement or the Guaranty Agreement.  Each holder of a Note, by its acceptance of a Note, will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by and to be entitled to the benefits of this Section 20 as though it were a party to this Agreement.  On reasonable request by the Company in connection with the delivery to any holder of a Note of information required to be delivered to such holder under this Agreement or requested by such holder (other than a holder that is a party to this Agreement or its nominee), such holder will enter into an agreement with the Company embodying the provisions of this Section 20. 

51   

In the event that as a condition to receiving access to information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries in connection with the transactions contemplated by or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, any Purchaser or holder of a Note is required to agree to a confidentiality undertaking (whether through IntraLinks, another secure website, a secure virtual workspace or otherwise) which is different from this Section 20, this Section 20 shall not be amended thereby and, as between such Purchaser or such holder and the Company,   at the time of effectiveness of this Agreement,   this Section 20 shall supersede any such other confidentiality undertaking  , but only to the extent such undertakings are inconsistent  . 

21.          SUBSTITUTION OF PURCHASER  . 

Each Purchaser shall have the right to substitute any one of its Affiliates as the purchaser of the Notes that it has agreed to purchase hereunder, by written notice to the Company, which notice shall be signed by both such Purchaser and such Affiliate, shall contain such Affiliate s agreement to be bound by this Agreement and shall contain a confirmation by such Affiliate of the accuracy with respect to it of the representations set forth in Section 6.  Upon receipt of such notice, any reference to such Purchaser in this Agreement (other than in this Section 21), shall be deemed to refer to such Affiliate in lieu of such original Purchaser.  In the event that such Affiliate is so substituted as a Purchaser hereunder and such Affiliate thereafter transfers to such original Purchaser all of the Notes then held by such Affiliate, upon receipt by the Company of notice of such transfer, any reference to such Affiliate as a  Purchaser  in this Agreement (other than in this Section 21), shall no longer be deemed to refer to such Affiliate, but shall refer to such original Purchaser, and such original Purchaser shall again have all the rights of an original holder of the Notes under this Agreement. 

22.          MISCELLANEOUS  . 

22.1          Successors and Assigns. 

All covenants and other agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns (including, without limitation, any subsequent holder of a Note) whether so expressed or not,   except that     the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under the Notes without the prior written consent of each holder   (other than in connection with any transfer permitted under Section 10.2)  .  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement  . 

22.2          Payments Due on Non-Business Days. 

Anything in this Agreement or the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding (but without limiting the requirement in Section 8.6 that the notice of any optional prepayment specify a Business Day as the date fixed for such prepayment), any payment of principal of or Make-Whole Amount, Net Loss     with respect to any Swapped Note   or interest on any Note that is due on a date other than a Business Day shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day without including the additional days elapsed in the computation of the interest payable on such next succeeding  

52   

Business Day; provided that if the maturity date of any Note is a date other than a Business Day, the payment otherwise due on such maturity date shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and shall include the additional days elapsed in the computation of interest payable on such next succeeding Business Day. 

22.3          Accounting Terms. 

(a)           All accounting terms used herein which are not expressly defined in this Agreement have the meanings respectively given to them in accordance with GAAP.  Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, (i) all computations made pursuant to this Agreement shall be made in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) all financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP.    For purposes of determining compliance with this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 9, Section 10 and the definition of      Indebtedness     ), any election by the Company to measure any financial liability using fair value (as permitted by Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 825-10-25     Fair Value Option  ,  International Accounting Standard 39     Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement   or any similar accounting standard) shall be disregarded and such determination shall be made as if such election had not been made. 

(b)           If the Company notifies   the   holders of Notes that, in the Company s   reasonable opinion, or if the Req  uired Holders notify the Company   that, in the Required Holders      reasonable opinion, as a result of changes in GAAP from time to time (     Subsequent Changes     ), any of the cove  nants contained in Sections 10.6 through 10.10  , or any of the defined terms used therein no longer apply as intended such that such covenants are materially more or   less restrictive to the Company   than are such covenants immediately prior to giving effect to such   Subsequent Changes, the Company   and the holders of Notes shall negotiate in good faith to reset or amend such covenants or defined terms so as to negate such Subsequent Changes, or to establish alternative covenants or def  ined terms.  Until the Company   and the Required Holders so   expressly   agree to reset, amend or establish alternative covenants or defined terms, the covenants contained in Sections   10.6 through 10.10  , together with the relevant defined terms, shall continue to apply and compliance therewith shall be determined assuming that the Subsequent Changes shall not have occurred (     Static GAAP     ).  During any period that compliance with any covenants shall be determined pursuant to Static GAAP, the Company shall include relevant reconciliations in reasonable detail between GAAP and Static GAAP with respect to the applicable covenant compliance calculations contained in each certificate of a Senior Financial Officer delivered pursuant to Section 7.2(a) during such period. 

22.4          Severability. 

Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall (to the full extent permitted by law) not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

53   

22.5          Construction, etc. 

Each covenant contained herein shall be construed (absent express provision to the contrary) as being independent of each other covenant contained herein, so that compliance with any one covenant shall not (absent such an express contrary provision) be deemed to excuse compliance with any other covenant.  Where any provision herein refers to action to be taken by any Person, or which such Person is prohibited from taking, such provision shall be applicable whether such action is taken directly or indirectly by such Person. 

Defined terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.  Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  The words  include,   includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation.   The word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall.   Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein) and, for purposes of the Notes, shall also include any such notes issued in substitution therefor pursuant to Section 13, (b) subject to Section 22.1, any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (c) the words  herein,   hereof  and  hereunder,  and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Sections and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Sections of, and Schedules to, this Agreement, and (e) any reference to any law or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.  . 

22.6          Counterparts. 

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original but all of which together shall constitute one instrument.  Each counterpart may consist of a number of copies hereof, each signed by less than all, but together signed by all, of the parties hereto. 

22.7          Governing Law. 

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York excluding choice   of   law principles of the law of such State that would permit the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such State. 

22.8          Jurisdiction and Process; Waiver of Jury Trial. 

(a)           The Company irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company irrevocably waives and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise, any claim that it is  

54   

not subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

(b)           The Company agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that a final judgment in any suit, action or proceeding of the na  ture referred to in Section 22.8  (a) brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon it subject to rights of appeal, as the case may be, and may be enforced in the courts of the United States of America or the State of New York (or any other courts to the jurisdiction of which it or any of its assets is or may be subject) by a suit upon such judgment. 

(c)           The Company consents to process being served by or on behalf of any holder of Notes in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 22.8(a) by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to it at its address specified in Section 18 or at such other address of which such holder shall then have been notified pursuant to said Section.  The Company agrees that such service upon receipt (i) shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon it in any such suit, action or proceeding and (ii) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be taken and held to be valid personal service upon and personal delivery to it.  Notices hereunder shall be conclusively presumed received as evidenced by a delivery receipt furnished by the United States Postal Service or any reputable commercial delivery service. 

(d)           Nothing in this Section 22.8 shall affect the right of any holder of a Note to serve process in any manner permitted by law, or limit any right that the holders of any of the Notes may have to bring proceedings against the Company in the courts of any appropriate jurisdiction or to enforce in any lawful manner a judgment obtained in one jurisdiction in any other jurisdiction. 

(e)           The parties hereto hereby waive trial by jury in any action brought on or with respect to this Agreement, the Guaranty Agreement the Notes or any other document executed in connection herewith or therewith. 

22.9          Obligation to Make Payment in Euros. 

Any payment on account of an amount that is payable hereunder or under the Notes in Euros which is made to or for the account of any holder in any other currency, whether as a result of any judgment or order or the enforcement thereof or the realization of any security or the liquidation of   the Company  , shall constitute a discharge of   the obligations of the Company   under this Agreement or the Notes only to the extent of the amount of Euros which such holder could purchase in the foreign exchange markets in London, England, with the amount of such other currency in accordance with normal banking procedures at the rate of exchange prevailing on the London Banking Day following receipt of the payment first referred to above.  If the amount of Euros that could be so purchased is less than the amount of Euros originally   due to such holder, the Company   agrees to the fullest extent permitted by law, to indemnify and save  

55   

harmless such holder from and against all loss or damage arising out of or as a result of such deficiency.  This indemnity shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, constitute an obligation separate and independent from the other obligations contained in this Agreement and the Notes, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by such holder from time to time and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment or order for a liquidated sum in respect of an amount due hereunder or under the Notes or under any judgment or order.  As used herein the term  London Banking Day  shall mean any day other than Saturday or Sunday or a day on which commercial banks are required or authorized by law to be closed in London, England. 

[Remainder of page left intentionally blank.  Next page is signature page.] 

56   

If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign the form of agreement on a counterpart of this Agreement and return it to the Company, whereupon this Agreement shall become a binding agreement between you and the Company. 

Very truly yours,  

WOODWARD, INC.  

By  

/s/ Robert F. Weber  

Name:  

Robert F. Weber, Jr.  

Title:  

Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer    and Treasurer  

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date thereof. 

NEW YOUR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY  

By:  

/s/ Sean Campbell  

Name  :  

Sean Campbell  

Title:  

Corporate Vice President  

NEW YOUR LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY CORPORATION  

By:  

NYL Investors LLC, its Investment Manager  

By:  

/s/ Sean Campbell  

Name  :  

Sean Campbell  

Title:  

Director  

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date thereof. 

VOYA INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY 

VOYA RETIREMENT INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY  

RELIASTAR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY  

RELIASTAR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW YOUR 

By:  

Voya Investment Management LLC, as Agent  

By:  

/s/ Christopher P. Lyons  

Name:  

Christopher P. Lyons  

Title:  

Managing Director  

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date thereof. 

HARTFORD LIFE AND ACCIDENT INSURANCE COMPANY 

HARTFORD FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY 

HARTFORD LIFE AND ANNUITY INSURANCE COMPANY 

SEPARATE ACCOUNT B, a separate account of Hartford Life Insurance Company  

By:  

Hartford Investment Management Company  

Their Agent and Attorney-in-Fact  

By:  

/s/ Dawn Bruneau  

Name:  

Dawn Bruneau  

Title:  

Vice President  

SCHEDULE A 

INFORMATION AS TO PURCHASERS 

[INTENTIONALLY REMOVED] 

Schedule B 

D  efined    T  erms 

As used herein, the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below or set forth in the Section hereof following such term: 

Acquisition    means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, consummated on or after the date of this Agreement, by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than transactions involving solely the Company and its Subsidiaries) (a) acquires all or substantially all of the assets of any firm, corporation, limited liability company or division thereof, whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise or (b) directly or indirectly acquires (in one transaction or as the most recent transaction in a series of transactions) at least a majority (in number of votes) of the Capital Stock of an entity which have ordinary voting power for the election of directors (other than securities having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) or a majority (by percentage of voting power) of the outstanding Equity Interests of another Person. 

Affiliate        means, at any time, and with respect to any Person, any other Person that at such time directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries Controls, or is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such first Person, and, with respect to the Company, shall include (a) any Person beneficially owning or holding, directly or indirectly, (i) 10% or more of any class of voting interests of the Company or any Subsidiary or (ii) non-voting equity interests of the Company or any Subsidiary if such Person s non-voting equity interests in the Company or such Subsidiary comprise at least 10% of Consolidated Net Worth, and (b) any corporation of which the Company and its Subsidiaries beneficially own or hold, in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, (i) 10% or more of any class of voting interests, or (ii) non-voting equity interests if the Company or such Subsidiary s non-voting equity interests in such corporation comprise at least 10% of the stockholders  equity of such corporation and its subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.  Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, any reference to an  Affiliate  is a reference to an Affiliate of the Company. 

Anti-Corruption Laws    is defined in Section 5.16(d). 

Anti-Money Laundering Laws    is defined in Section 5.16(c). 

Applicable Percentage      in t  he case of a computation of   the Make-Whole Amou  nt for any   purpose means 0.50% (50 basis points). 

Applicable Rate        means, with respect to   any Note, (a) 1.87  % per annum during any fiscal quarter following a fiscal quarter on the last day of which the Leverage Ratio is greate  r than 3.5 to 1.0 and (b) 1.12  %    per annum at all other times. 

Asset Disposition    means any Transfer except: 

(a)           any Transfer that is: 

(i)            from a Subsidiary to the Company or another Subsidiary, and 

(ii)           from the Company to a Subsidiary, 

in each case so long as immediately before and immediately after the consummation of any such Transfer and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default exists; 

(b)           any Transfer made in the ordinary course of business and involving only property that is either (i) inventory held for sale or (ii) equipment, fixtures, supplies or materials no longer required in the operation of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or that is obsolete, damaged, or worn-out; and 

(c)           any Transfer made pursuant to a Permitted Receivables Securitization permitted pursuant to Section 10.11. 

Blocked Person       is defined in Section 5.16(a). 

Business Day        means (a) other than as provided in clause (b) below, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in   New York, New York or London, England   are required or authorized to be closed and which is not a TARGET Settlement Day, and   (b) for purposes of Section 8.8  , any date which is both (i) any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are required or authorized to be closed and (ii) a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system (or any successor thereto) is open for settlement of payments in Euros (a    TARGET Settlement Day   )  . 

Capital Lease    means, at any time, a lease with respect to which the lessee is required concurrently to recognize the acquisition of an asset and the incurrence of a liability in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Lease Obligations    of a Person means the amount of the obligations of such Person under Capital Leases which would be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Stock    means (a) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock, (b) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) evidencing ownership thereof, (c) in the case of a limited liability company, membership interests, (d) in the case of a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) and (e) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person; provided, however, that  Capital Stock  shall not include any debt securities convertible into equity securities prior to such conversion. 

Cash Equivalents    means (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the government of the United States of America and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States government; (b) domestic and Eurocurrency certificates of deposit and time deposits, bankers  acceptances and floating rate certificates of deposit issued by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia, any foreign bank, or its branches or agencies, the long-term indebtedness of which  

institution at the time of acquisition is rated BBB (or better) by S P or Fitch or Baa (or better) by Moody s), and which certificates of deposit and time deposits are fully protected against currency fluctuations for any such deposits with a term of more than ninety (90) days; (c) shares of money market, mutual or similar funds having assets in excess of $100,000,000 and the investments of which are limited to investment grade securities (i.e., securities rated BBB (or better) by S P or Fitch or Baa (or better) by Moody s; and (d) commercial paper of United States of America and foreign banks and bank holding companies and their subsidiaries and United States and foreign finance, commercial industrial or utility companies which, at the time of acquisition, are rated A-2 (or better) by S P, P-2 (or better) by Moody s, or F-2 (or better) by Fitch;   provided   that the maturities of such Cash Equivalents (other than as described in clause (c) above) shall not exceed three hundred sixty-five (365) days from the date of acquisition thereof. 

Change of Control    shall be deemed to have occurred if any person (as such term is used in Section 13(d) and Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof) or related persons constituting a group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), become the  beneficial owners  (as such term is used in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of all classes then outstanding of the Company s voting stock. 

Closing    is defined in Section 3.1. 

Closing Guarantors    is defined in Section 2. 

Code        means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time. 

Confidential Information    is defined in Section 20. 

Consolidated Net Earnings    means, with reference to any period, the net earnings (or loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period (taken as a cumulative whole), as determined in accordance with GAAP, after eliminating all offsetting debits and credits between the Company and its Subsidiaries and all other items required to be eliminated in the course of the preparation of consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, provided that there shall be excluded therefrom (to the extent included in determining such net earnings) (a) any extraordinary gains and losses and (b) any equity interest of the Company or any Subsidiary in the unremitted earnings of a Person that is not a Subsidiary. 

Consolidated Net Worth    means the stockholders  equity of the Company and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Consolidated Total Assets    means the total assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Contingent Obligation   , as applied to any Person, means any Contractual Obligation, contingent or otherwise, providing for the guaranty of, or having the same economic effect as providing a guaranty of, any Indebtedness of another or other obligation or liability of another, including, without limitation, any such Indebtedness, obligation or liability of another directly or indirectly guarantied, endorsed (otherwise than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of  

business), co-made or discounted or sold with recourse by that Person, or in respect of which that Person is otherwise directly or indirectly liable, including Contractual Obligations (contingent or otherwise) arising through any agreement to purchase, repurchase, or otherwise acquire such Indebtedness, obligation or liability or any security therefor, or to provide funds for the payment or discharge thereof (whether in the form of loans, advances, stock purchases, capital contributions or otherwise), or to maintain solvency, assets, level of income, or other financial condition, or to make payment other than for value received.  The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be equal to the amount of the obligation so guarantied or otherwise supported in the case of known or recurring obligations and, in all other cases, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect of the portion of the obligation so guarantied or otherwise supported;   provided   that Contingent Obligations shall not include endorsements for collection in the ordinary course of business. 

Contractual Obligation   , as applied to any Person, means any provision of any equity or debt securities issued by that Person or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, security agreement, pledge agreement, guaranty, contract, undertaking, agreement or instrument, in any case in writing, to which that Person is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound, or to which it or any of its properties is subject. 

Control    means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Control Event    means: 

(a)           the execution by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates of any agreement or letter of intent with respect to any proposed transaction or event or series of transactions or events which, individually or in the aggregate, may reasonably be expected to result in a Change of Control, 

(b)           the execution of any written agreement which, when fully performed by the parties thereto, would result in a Change of Control, or 

(c)           the making of any written offer by any person (as such term is used in Section 13(d) and Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof) or related persons constituting a group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof) to the holders of the common stock of the Company, which offer, if accepted by the requisite number of holders, would result in a Change of Control. 

Controlled Entity      means (  a  ) any of the Subsidiaries of the Company and any of their or the Company     s respective Co  ntrolled Affiliates and (b  ) if the Company has a parent company, such parent company and its Controlled Affiliates. 

Debt Prepayment Application    means, with respect to any Transfer of property, the application by the Company of cash in an amount equal to the Net Proceeds Amount with respect to such Transfer to pay Senior Indebtedness (other than (a) Indebtedness owing to the Company, any of the Company s Subsidiaries or any Affiliate of the Company and (b) Indebtedness in respect  

of any revolving credit or similar credit facility providing the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with the right to obtain loans or other extensions of credit from time to time, except to the extent that in connection with such payment of Senior Indebtedness the availability of credit under such credit facility is permanently reduced by an amount not less than the amount of such proceeds applied to the payment of such Senior Indebtedness),   provided   that in the course of making such application the Company shall offer to prepay each outstanding Note, in accordance with Section 8.4, in a principal amount which equals the Ratable Portion of such Note in respect of such Transfer.  If any holder of a Note rejects such offer of prepayment, then, for purposes of the preceding sentence only, the Company and the applicable Subsidiary nevertheless will be deemed to have paid Senior Indebtedness in an amount equal to the Ratable Portion of the holder of such Note in respect of such Transfer. 

Debt Prepayment Transfer    is defined in Section 8.4(a). 

Default    means an event or condition the occurrence or existence of which would, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both, become an Event of Default. 

Default Rate    means, with respect to any Note, that rate of interest that is the greater of (a) 2.00% per annum above the Applicable Rate with respect to such Note or (b) 2.00% per annum over the   rate of interest publicly announced   by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in New York, New York   as its      base      or      prime      rate. 

Disclosure Documents    is defined in Section 5.3. 

Disposition Value    means, at any time, with respect to any property 

(a)           in the case of property that does not constitute Subsidiary Equity Interests, the book value thereof, valued at the time of such disposition in good faith by the Company, and 

(b)           in the case of property that constitutes Subsidiary Equity Interests, an amount equal to that percentage of book value of the assets of the Subsidiary that issued such equity interests as is equal to the percentage that the book value of such Subsidiary Equity Interests represents of the book value of all of the outstanding equity interests of such Subsidiary (assuming, in making such calculations, that all Securities convertible into such equity interests are so converted and giving full effect to all transactions that would occur or be required in connection with such conversion) determined at the time of the disposition thereof, in good faith by the Company. 

Disqualified Stock    means any Capital Stock that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days   after the maturity date of the Notes  . 

Dollars    or    $    means the lawful money of the United States of America. 

EBITDA    means, for any period, on a consolidated basis for the Company and its Subsidiaries, the sum of the amounts for such period, without duplication, of (a) Net Income,   plus   (b) Interest Expense to the extent deducted in computing Net Income,   plus   (c) charges against income for foreign, federal, state and local taxes to the extent deducted in computing Net Income,   plus   (d) depreciation expense to the extent deducted in computing Net Income,   plus   (e) amortization expense, including, without limitation, amortization of goodwill and other intangible assets to the extent deducted in computing Net Income,   plus   (f) any unusual non-cash charges to the extent deducted in computing Net Income,   plus   (g) non-cash stock based compensation paid during such period to the extent deducted in computing Net Income,   minus   (h) any unusual non-cash gains to the extent added in computing Net Income.  EBITDA shall be calculated on a   pro     forma   basis giving effect to Material Acquisitions and Material Asset Dispositions on a four (4) fiscal quarter basis on the assumption that any such Material Acquisition or Material Asset Disposition shall be deemed to have occurred on the first day of the fourth full fiscal quarter preceding the date of determination, using historical financial statements containing reasonable adjustments satisfactory to the Required Holders, broken down by fiscal quarter in the Company s reasonable judgment.  As used herein,  Material Acquisition  means one or more related Acquisitions the net consideration for which is in excess of $20,000,000 individually or in the aggregate and  Material Asset Disposition  means any Asset Disposition or series of Asset Dispositions the Fair Market Value of which is equal to or greater than $20,000,000 individually or in the aggregate. 

Electronic Delivery    is defined in Section 7.1(a). 

Environmental Laws    means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including but not limited to those related to Hazardous Materials. 

Equity Interests    means Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock). 

ERISA    means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 

ERISA Affiliate    means any trade or business   (whether or not incorporated) that is treated as a single employer together with the Company under section 414 of the Code. 

Euro      or             means the unit of single currency of the Participating Member States. 

Event of Default    is defined in Section 11. 

Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Fair Market Value    means, at any time and with respect to any property, the sale value of such property that would be realized in an arm s-length sale at such time between an informed  

and willing buyer and an informed and willing seller (neither being under a compulsion to buy or sell). 

FATCA      means (a) sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), together with any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, (b) any treaty, law or regulation of any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the United States of America and any other jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates the implementation of the foregoing clause (a), and (c) any agreements entered into pursuant to section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 

Fitch    means Fitch Investors Service, L.P., together with its successors and assigns. 

Foreign Borrowing    is defined in Section 9.8(a). 

Foreign Subsidiary    means any Subsidiary of the Company which is not organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia. 

Form 10-K    is defined in Section 7.1(b). 

Form 10-Q    is defined in Section 7.1(a). 

GAAP    means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States of America. 

Governmental Authority    means 

(a)           the government of 

(i)            the United States of America or any State or other political subdivision thereof, or 

(ii)           any other jurisdiction in which the Company or any Subsidiary conducts all or any part of its business, or which asserts jurisdiction over any properties of the Company or any Subsidiary, or 

(b)           any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of, or pertaining to, any such government. 

Governmental Official      means any governmental official or employee, employee of any   foreign government-owned or   controlled entity, political party, any official of a political party, candidate for political office, official of any   foreign government,   public international organization or anyone else acting in an official capacity   for a foreign government  . 

Guarantor    and    Guarantors    are defined in Section 2. 

Guaranty    means, with respect to any Person, any obligation (except the endorsement in the ordinary course of business of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection) of such Person  

guarantying or in effect guarantying any indebtedness, dividend or other obligation of any other Person in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including (without limitation) obligations incurred through an agreement, contingent or otherwise, by such Person: 

(a)           to purchase such indebtedness or obligation or any property constituting security therefor; 

(b)           to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of such indebtedness or obligation, or (ii) to maintain any working capital or other balance sheet condition or any income statement condition of any other Person or otherwise to advance or make available funds for the purchase or payment of such indebtedness or obligation; 

(c)           to lease properties or to purchase properties or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of such indebtedness or obligation of the ability of any other Person to make payment of the indebtedness or obligation; or 

(d)           otherwise to assure the owner of such indebtedness or obligation against loss in respect thereof. 

In any computation of the indebtedness or other liabilities of the obligor under any Guaranty, the indebtedness or other obligations that are the subject of such Guaranty shall be assumed to be direct obligations of such obligor. 

Guaranty Agreement    is defined in Section 2. 

Guaranty Supplement    is defined in Section 9.8. 

Hazardous Material    means any and all pollutants, toxic or hazardous wastes or other substances that might pose a hazard to health and safety, the removal of which may be required or the generation, manufacture, refining, production, processing, treatment, storage, handling, transportation, transfer, use, disposal, release, discharge, spillage, seepage or filtration of which is or shall be restricted, prohibited or penalized by any applicable law including, but not limited to, asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum, petroleum products, lead based paint, radon gas or similar restricted, prohibited or penalized substances. 

Hedging Arrangements    means agreements, devices or arrangements designed to protect at least one of the parties thereto from the fluctuations of interest rates, commodity prices, exchange rates or forward rates applicable to such party s assets, liabilities or exchange transactions, including, but not limited to, dollar-denominated or cross-currency interest rate exchange agreements, forward currency exchange agreements, interest rate cap or collar protection agreements, forward rate currency or interest rate options, puts and warrants or any similar derivative transactions. 

Hedging Obligations    of a Person means any and all obligations of such Person, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any and all Hedging Arrangements and (b) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Hedging Arrangements. 

holder    means, with respect to any Note the Person in whose name such Note is registered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 13.1,   provided, however, that if such Person is a nominee, then for the purposes of Sections 7, 12, 17.2 and 18 and any relate  d definitions in this Schedule B  ,       holder      shall mean the beneficial owner of such Note whose name and address appears in such register.  . 

Indebtedness    of a Person means, without duplication, such Person s: 

(a)           obligations for borrowed money, including, without limitation, subordinated indebtedness, 

(b)           obligations representing the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of such Person s business payable on terms customary in the trade and other than earn-outs or other similar forms of contingent purchase prices), 

(c)           obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens on or payable out of the proceeds or production from property or assets now or hereafter owned or acquired by such Person, 

(d)           obligations which are evidenced by notes, acceptances, or other instruments, 

(e)           Capital Lease Obligations, 

(f)           Contingent Obligations with respect to the Indebtedness of other Persons, 

(g)           obligations with respect to letters of credit, 

(h)           Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities, 

(i)           Receivables Facility Attributed Indebtedness, 

(j)           Disqualified Stock, and 

(k)           net Hedging Obligations, calculated on a marked-to-market basis. 

The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date shall be without duplication (i) the outstanding balance at such date of all unconditional obligations as described above and the maximum liability of any such Contingent Obligations at such date and (ii) in the case of Indebtedness of others secured by a Lien to which the property or assets owned or held by such Person is subject, the lesser of the Fair Market Value at such date of any asset subject to a Lien securing the Indebtedness of others and the amount of the Indebtedness secured. 

INHAM Exemption    is defined in Section 6.3(e). 

Institutional Investor    means (a) any Purchaser of a Note, (b) any holder of a Note holding (together with one or more of its affiliates) more than 5% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, (c) any bank, trust company, savings and loan association or other financial institution, any pension plan, any investment company, any insurance company, any broker or dealer, or any other similar financial institution or entity, regardless of legal form, and (d) any Related Fund of any holder of any Note. 

Intercreditor Agreement    is defined in Section 9.9. 

Interest Expense    means, without duplication, for any period, the total interest expense of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries, whether paid or accrued (including the interest component of Capital Leases, commitment, facility and letter of credit fees, Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities and net payments or receipts (if any) pursuant to Hedging Arrangements relating to interest rate protection), all as determined in conformity with GAAP. 

Investor Presentation    is defined in Section 5.3. 

ISDA Master Agreement      is   defined   in Section 8.9 

Leverage Ratio    is defined in Section 10.8. 

Lien    means, with respect to any Person, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance, or any interest or title of any vendor, lessor, lender or other secured party to or of such Person under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or Capital Lease, upon or with respect to any property or asset of such Person (including in the case of stock, stockholder agreements, voting trust agreements and all similar arrangements). 

Major Credit Facility    means (a) the Revolving Facility, (b) the 2008 Note Purchase Agreement, (c) the 2009 Note Purchase Agreement, (d) the 2013   Note Purchase Agreement,   (e) the 2016 Cross-Border Note Purchase Agreement   and   (f)     any other credit, loan or borrowing facility or note purchase agreement by the Company or any Subsidiary providing, in each case, for the incurrence of Senior Indebtedness in a principal amount equal to or greater than $75,000,000, in each case under clauses (a) thr  ough (f  ) as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and together with increases, refinancings and replacements thereof. 

Make-Whole Amount    is defined in Section 8.8. 

Material    means material in relation to the business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets, properties, or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Material Acquisition Amount        means an amount equal to the greater of (a) $50,000,000 and (b  ) the applicable   dollar threshold amount for certain permitted acquisitions necessary to increase the leverage ratio applicable to the Company as set forth in the definition of      Leverage Ratio Increase Requirements      in the Revolving Facility or similar threshold in any other Revolving Facility  . 

Material Acquisition Period      means each period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company commencing with the fiscal quarter in which one or more of the Company and  

any Subsidiary has consummated (a) one or more Acquisitions of equity interests in entities that become Subsidiaries upon such Acquisition or (b) one or more acquisitions from an entity of a business or a brand, if the consideration paid for such Acquisitions under clause (a) and/or (b) (including, without limitation, Indebtedness of the new Subsidiary and, without duplication, any Indebtedness of such entity that is assumed by any one or more of the Company and its Subsidiaries), taken together with the aggregate consideration (including assumed Indebtedness as aforesaid) paid for all other such Acquisitions consummated during the immediately preceding three (3) fiscal quarters of the Company, is equal   to or greater than the Material Acquisition Amount  ; provided that a new Material Acquisition Period may not be commenced until such time as at least two (2) complete consecutive fiscal quarters have elapsed since the expiration of the last previous Material Acquisition Period. 

Material Adverse Effect       means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets or properties of the Company and its Su  bsidiaries taken as a whole,   (b) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Notes, (c) the ability of   any Guarantor   to perform its   respective   obligations under the Guaranty Agreement, or (d) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the   Notes or the Guaranty Agreement. 

Material Covenant      means any covenant or similar term contained in any evidence of any Indebtedness in respect of or that contains provisions that are the same as or similar to (or address the same topic as) the covenants set forth in Sections 10.2, 10.3, 10.6, 10.7, 10.8, 10.9 or 10.10 or any other financial covenant contained in such Indebtedness. 

Moody s    means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., together with its successors and assigns. 

MPC Products    means   MPC Products Corporation, an Illinois corporation  . 

Multiemployer Plan    means any Plan that is a  multiemployer plan  (as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA). 

NAIC    means the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any successor thereto. 

Net Gain    is defined in Section 8.  9  . 

Net Income    means, for any period, the net income (or loss) after taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period taken as a single accounting period determined in conformity with GAAP. 

Net Indebtedness    means, as of any date of determination, the excess, if any, of (a) Indebtedness of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date over (b) the Unrestricted Domestic Cash Amount as of such date. 

Net Loss    is defined in Section 8.  9. 

Net Proceeds Amount    means, with respect to any Transfer of any property by any Person, an amount equal to the difference of 

(a)           the aggregate amount of the consideration (valued at the Fair Market Value of such consideration at the time of the consummation of such Transfer) received by such Person in respect of such Transfer,   minus 

(b)           all taxes actually paid on account of such Transfer and all ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses actually incurred by such Person in connection with such Transfer. 

New Swap Agreement      is defined in Section 8.8(b). 

Non-Swapped Note    is defined in Section 8.8(a). 

Non-U.S. Plan    means any plan, fund or other similar program that (a) is established or maintained outside the United States of America by the   Company   or any Subsidiary primarily for the benefit of employees of the   Company   or one or more Subsidiaries residing outside the United States of America, which plan, fund or other similar program provides, or results in, retirement income, a deferral of income in contemplation of retirement or payments to be made upon termination of employment, and (b) is not subject to ERISA or the Code. 

Notes    is defined in Section 1. 

OFAC    is defined in Section 5.16(a). 

OFAC Listed Person       is defined in Section 5.16(a). 

OFAC Sanctions Program      means any economic or trade sanction   program   that OFAC is responsible for administering and enforcing.  A list of OFAC Sanctions Programs may be found at http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Pages/Programs.aspx. 

Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities    of a Person means (a) any Receivables Facility Attributed Indebtedness and repurchase obligations or liabilities of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to Receivables or notes receivable sold by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) any liabilities of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries under any sale and leaseback transactions which do not create liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet of such Person, (c) any liabilities of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries under any financing lease or Synthetic Lease transaction, or (d) any obligations of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries arising with respect to any other transaction which is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which, in the case of the foregoing clauses (a) through (d), does not constitute a liability on the consolidated balance sheets of such Person and its Subsidiaries. 

Officer s Certificate    means a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer or of any other officer of the Company whose responsibilities extend to the subject matter of such certificate. 

Original Swap Agreement      is defined in Section 8.8(b). 

Participating Member State      means any member state of the European Community that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Community relating to Economic Monetary Union. 

PBGC    means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA or any successor thereto. 

Permitted Liens    means the following: 

(a)           Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges which are not yet due and payable or the payment of which is not at the time required by Section 9.4; 

(b)           any attachment or judgment Lien, unless the judgment it secures shall not, within thirty (30) days after the entry thereof, have been discharged or execution thereof stayed pending appeal, or shall not have been discharged within thirty (30) days after the expiration of any such stay; 

(c)           statutory Liens of landlords and Liens of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and other similar Liens, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business for sums not yet due and payable; 

(d)           Liens (other than any Lien imposed by ERISA) incidental to the normal conduct of the business of the Company or any Subsidiary or the ownership of its property which are not incurred or made in connection with the incurrence of Indebtedness and which do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the use of such property in the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the value of such property for the purposes of such business; 

(e)           leases or subleases granted to others, easements, encroachments, rights-of-way, licenses, reservations, covenants, utility easements, building restrictions,  restrictions and other similar charges or encumbrances, in each case incidental to, and not interfering with, the ordinary conduct of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which do not in the aggregate materially impair the use of such property in the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the value of such property for the purposes of such business; 

(f)           minor survey exceptions and similar Liens, provided that such Liens do not, in the aggregate, materially detract from the value of such property in the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 

(g)           Liens on property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary securing Indebtedness owing to the Company or another Subsidiary; 

(h)           Liens existing   on   the date of this Agreement     and reflected in   Schedule 10.6  ; 

(i)           any Liens existing on the property of a Person at the time such Person is merged into or consolidated with the Company or a Subsidiary or its becoming a Subsidiary or at the time of a sale, lease or other disposition of the properties of a Person as an entirety  

to the Company or a Subsidiary, or any Lien existing on any property acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary at the time such property is so acquired (whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby shall have been assumed), provided that (w) such Liens were not incurred, extended or renewed in contemplation of such merger, consolidation or acquisition of property, (x) each such Lien shall attach solely to the assets so acquired or purchased, (y) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness secured by such Liens is otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement, and (z) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness secured by such Liens shall not exceed 100% of the Fair Market Value of the related property; 

(j)           Liens incurred after the date of this Agreement on any property acquired, improved or constructed by the Company or a Subsidiary and created contemporaneously with or within one hundred eighty (180) days of such acquisition, improvement or construction which secure all or any part of the purchase price or cost of construction or improvement of such property, provided that (i) any such Lien shall extend solely to the item or items of such property (or improvement thereon) so acquired or constructed and, if required by the terms of the instrument originally creating such Lien, other property (or improvement thereon) which is an improvement to or is acquired for specific use in connection with such acquired or constructed property (or improvement thereon) or which is real property being improved by such acquired or constructed property (or improvement thereon), (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness secured by such Lien and all other Indebtedness secured by any other Lien on such property or such improvement does not exceed in the aggregate 100% of the lesser of (y) the cost of such property or improvement or (z) the Fair Market Value thereof at the time of incurrence, and (iii) all such Indebtedness is otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement; 

(k)           Liens incurred pursuant to a Permitted Receivables Securitization program, provided that such Permitted Receivables Securitization program is permitted pursuant to Section 10.11; 

(l)           Liens (i) in favor of the holders of the Notes (or in favor of a collateral agent reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders) created to secure the Indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement and the Notes pursuant to Section 9.8(c) and (ii) granted to secure the Indebtedness evidenced by any Major Credit Facility, in each case under clauses (i) and (ii) in compliance with Section 9.9; and 

(m)           any Lien renewing, extending or refunding any Lien permitted by clauses (h), (i) or (j) of this definition, provided that (i) the principal amount of Indebtedness secured by such Lien immediately prior to such extension, renewal or refunding is not increased or the maturity thereof reduced, (ii) such Lien is not extended to any other property, and (iii) immediately after such extension, renewal or refunding no Default or Event of Default would exist. 

Permitted Receivables Securitization    means a financing program providing for the sale or transfer of accounts receivable (and related assets) by the Company and its Subsidiaries, in transactions purporting to be sales (and treated as sales for GAAP purposes), to one or more limited purpose financing companies, special purpose entities and/or other financial institutions, in each  

case, on a limited recourse basis as to the Company and its Subsidiaries (not inconsistent with treatment as a sale for GAAP purposes). 

Person    means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization, business entity or Governmental Authority. 

Plan    means an  employee benefit plan  (as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Title I of ERISA that is or, within the preceding five years, has been established or maintained, or to which contributions are or, within the preceding five years, have been made or required to be made, by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate may have any liability. 

Priority Debt    means (a) all unsecured Indebtedness of any Subsidiary other than Indebtedness permitted by clauses (a) through (f), inclusive, of Section 10.10, and (b) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary secured by Liens other than Permitted Liens. 

property    or  properties  means, unless otherwise specifically limited, real or personal property of any kind, tangible or intangible, choate or inchoate. 

Property Reinvestment Application    means, with respect to any Transfer of property, the application of an amount equal to the Net Proceeds Amount with respect to such Transfer to the acquisition by the Company or any Subsidiary of property of a similar nature (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, cash and Cash Equivalents), and of at least equivalent Fair Market Value to the property so Transferred, to be used in the ordinary course of business of such Person. 

Proposed Prepayment Date    is defined in Section 8.3(b). 

PTE    is defined in Section 6.3(a). 

Purchaser    is defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 

QPAM Exemption    is defined in Section 6.3(d). 

Qualified Institutional Buyer    means any Person who is a  qualified institutional buyer  within the meaning of such term as set forth in Rule 144A(a)(1) under the Securities Act. 

Ratable Portion    means, in respect of any holder of any Note and any Transfer contemplated by the definition of Debt Prepayment Application, an amount equal to the product of: 

(a)           the Net Proceeds Amount being offered to be applied to the payment of Senior Indebtedness, multiplied by 

(b)           a fraction, the numerator of which is the outstanding principal amount of such Note, and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Senior Indebtedness at the time of such Transfer determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Receivable(s)    means and includes all of the Company s and each Subsidiary s presently existing and hereafter arising or acquired accounts, accounts receivable, and all present and future rights of the Company or such Subsidiary to payment for goods sold or leased or for services rendered in the ordinary course of the Company s or such Subsidiary s business (except those evidenced by instruments or chattel paper), whether or not they have been earned by performance, and all rights in any merchandise or goods which any of the same may represent, and all rights, title, security and guaranties with respect to each of the foregoing, including, without limitation, any right of stoppage in transit. 

Receivables Facility Attributed Indebtedness    means the amount of obligations outstanding under a receivables purchase facility on any date of determination that would be characterized as principal if such facility were structured as a secured lending transaction rather than as a purchase. 

Related Fund    means, with respect to any holder of any Note, any fund or entity that (a) invests in Securities or bank loans, and (b) is advised or managed by such holder, the same investment advisor as such holder or by an affiliate of such holder or such investment advisor. 

Required Holders    means, at any time,   t  he holders of greater than 50  % in principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding (exclusive of Notes then owned by the Company or any of its Affiliates  ). 

Responsible Officer    means any Senior Financial Officer and any other officer of the Company with responsibility for the administration of the relevant portion of this Agreement. 

Revolving Facility    means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2013, by and among the Company, as a borrower, the foreign subsidiary borrowers from time to time parties thereto, the institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for itself and the other lenders,   as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of April 28, 2015 and   as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, re  financed, extended or replaced. 

S P    means Standard and Poor s Ratings Group, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, together with its successors and assigns. 

SEC    means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States, or any successor thereto. 

Second   Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement      means that certain Second Amended and Restated Intercredit  or Agreement, dated as of July 10  , 2013, by and among Wells Fargo   Bank  , National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders under the Revolving Facility, the holders of the notes issued pursuant to the 2008 Note Purchase Agreement, the holders of the notes issued pursuant to the 2009 Note Purchase Agreement,   the holders of the notes issued pursuant to the 2013 Note Purchase Agreement,     and each new creditor from time to time party thereto, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, refinanced, extended or replaced. 

Securities    or    Security    shall have the meaning specified in Section 2(1) of the Securities Act. 

Securities Act    means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 

Securitization Assets    means all accounts receivable, general intangibles, instruments, documents, chattel paper and investment property (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which are sold or transferred pursuant to a Permitted Receivables Securitization, and any assets related thereto, including without limitation (a) all such assets constituting collateral given by any of the foregoing, (b) all such assets constituting contracts and all guaranties (but not by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) or other obligations directly related to any of the foregoing, (c) other related assets set forth in the Securitization Documents, and (d) proceeds of all of the foregoing. 

Securitization Documents    means all documentation relating to any Permitted Receivables Securitization. 

Senior Financial Officer    means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or comptroller of the Company. 

Senior Indebtedness    means all Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes and all other Indebtedness of the Company or its Subsidiaries for money borrowed ranking   pari passu   or senior in right of payment with the Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes and the Guaranty Agreement. 

Significant Subsidiary    means at any time any Subsidiary that would at such time constitute a  significant subsidiary  (as such term is defined in Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission as in effect on the date hereof) of the Company. 

Source    is defined in Section 6.3. 

Static GAAP    is defined in Section 22.3(b). 

Subsequent Changes       is defined in Section 22.3(b). 

Subsidiary    means, as to any Person, any other Person in which such first Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries or such first Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries owns sufficient equity or voting interests to enable it or them (as a group) ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, to elect a majority of the directors (or Persons performing similar functions) of such second Person, and any partnership or joint venture if more than a 50% interest in the profits or capital thereof is owned by such first Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries or such first Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries (unless such partnership or joint venture can and does ordinarily take major business actions without the prior approval of such Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries).  Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, any reference to a  Subsidiary  is a reference to a Subsidiary of the Company. 

Subsidiary Equity Interests    means, with respect to any Person, the Capital Stock (or any options or warrants to purchase capital stock or similar equity interests or other Securities exchangeable for or convertible into Capital Stock) of any Subsidiary of such Person. 

SVO    means the Securities Valuation Office of the NAIC or any successor to such Office. 

Swap Agreement    is defined in Section 8.8(b). 

Swap Breakage Amount    is defined in Section 8.9. 

Swapped Note    is defined in Section 8.8(b). 

Swapped Note Called Notional Amount    is defined in Section 8.8(b). 

Swapped Note Called Principal    is defined in Section 8.8(b). 

Swapped Note Settlement Date    is defined in Section 8.8(b). 

Synthetic Lease    means, at any time, any lease (including leases that may be terminated by the lessee at any time) of any property (a) that is accounted for as an operating lease under GAAP and (b) in respect of which the lessee retains or obtains ownership of the property so leased for U.S. federal income tax purposes, other than any such lease under which such Person is the lessor. 

Transfer    means, with respect to any Person, any transaction in which such Person sells, conveys, transfers or leases (as lessor) any of its property, including, without limitation, Subsidiary Equity Interests.  For purposes of determining the application of the Net Proceeds Amount in respect of any Transfer, the Company may designate any Transfer as one or more separate Transfers each yielding a separate Net Proceeds Amount; in any such case, the Disposition Value of any property subject to each such separate Transfer shall be determined by ratably allocating the aggregate Disposition Value of all property subject to such separate Transfers to each such separate Transfer on a proportionate basis. 

Transfer Prepayment Date    is defined in Section 8.4(a). 

Transfer Prepayment Offer    is defined in Section 8.4(a). 

2008 Note Purchase Agreement    means that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2008, by and among the Company and the purchasers listed in Schedule A attached thereto, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, refinanced, extended or replaced. 

2009   Note Purchase Agreement      means that certain Note Purchase Agreem  ent, dated as of April 3, 2009  , by and among the Company and the purchasers listed in Schedule A attached thereto, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, refinanced, extended or replaced. 

2013 Note Purchase Agreement      means that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 1, 2013, by and among the   Company   and the purchasers listed in Schedule A attached thereto, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, refinanced, extended or replaced. 

2016 Cross-Border Note   Purchase Agreement    means that certain Note Purchase     Agreement, dated September   23  , 2016, by and among the Company, Woodward International   Holding   B.V. and the purchasers listed in Schedule A attached thereto, as such agreement may be     further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, refinanced, extended or replaced. 

Undisclosed Affiliate    means, at any time and with respect to the Company, any Person (a) that beneficially owns or holds, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of any class of voting or equity interests of the Company or (b) that is an Affiliate of any such Person; provided that, at such time, (i) in the case of clause (a), such Person shall not have given written notice to the Company of its 10% or greater holding in the Company and, in the case of clause (b), such Affiliate of such Person shall not have given the Company written notice of its affiliation to the Company and (ii) the Company shall not otherwise have knowledge of such holding or affiliation to the Company. 

Unrestricted Domestic Cash Amount    means, as of any date of determination, that portion of the Company s and its consolidated Subsidiaries  aggregate cash and Cash Equivalents in excess of $10,000,000 that is on deposit with one or more lenders under any Major Credit Facility in the United States of America and that is not encumbered by or subject to any Lien (including, without limitation, any Lien permitted hereunder), setoff (other than ordinary course setoff rights of a depository bank arising under a bank depository agreement for customary fees, charges and other account-related expenses due to such depository bank thereunder), counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right in favor of any Person;   provided  , however, that notwithstanding the actual amount of the Unrestricted Domestic Cash Amount, no more than $20,000,000 of the Unrestricted Domestic Cash Amount may be deducted in the calculation of Net Indebtedness. 

U.S. Economic Sanctions    is defined in Section 5.16(a). 

USA P  atriot   Act    means United States Public Law 107-56, Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary    means, at any time, any Subsidiary one hundred percent of all of the equity interests (except directors  qualifying shares) and voting interests of which are owned by any one or more of the Company and the Company s other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries at such time. 

Woodward   FST       means     Woodward FST, Inc., a Delaware corporation  . 

Woodward HRT    means   Woodward   HRT  , Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Exhibit 1 

[F  orm of   S  eries   M S  enior    N  ote  ] 

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  SECURITIES ACT ), OR PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES OR  BLUE SKY  LAWS OF ANY STATE OR FOREIGN JURISDICTION.  THIS NOTE IS SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE ASSIGNED, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT (AS DEFINED BELOW) AND PURSUANT TO (A) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THIS NOTE THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (B) RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) ANY OTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 

W  oodward,    I  nc. 

S  eries     M S  enior    N  ote    D  ue    S  eptember   23  , 2026 

For Value Received, the undersigned,   Woodward, Inc.   (herein called the    Company   ), a Delaware corporation, hereby promises to pay to [____________], or registered assigns, the principal sum of   [_____________________]     EUROS    (   [_________]  ) (or so much thereof as shall not have   been prepaid) on September 23  , 2026, with interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months) (a) on the unpaid balance hereof at the   Applicable Rate (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below) with respect to this Note from the date hereof  , p  ayable semiannually, on the 23rd   day of March and September in each year, commencing with the March or September next succeeding the date hereof, until the principal hereof shall have become due and payable, and (b) to the extent permitted by law, on any overdue payment of interest and, during the continuance of an Event of Default, on such unpaid balance and on any overdue payment of any Make-Whole Amount or Net Loss     with respect to any Swapped Note  , at a rate per annum from time to time equal to the Default Rate, payable semiannually as aforesaid (or, at the option of the registered holder hereof, on demand). 

Payments of principal of, interest on and any Make-Whole Amount with respect to this Note are to be made in Euros.  At any time this Note is a Swapped Note (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below), payments of any Make-Whole Amount and any Net Loss with respect to this Note are to be made in Dollars.  At any time this Note is a Non-Swapped Note (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below), payments of any Make-Whole Amount with respect to this Note are to be made in Euros.  In each case, payments on this Note are to be m  ade at the principal office of Bank of America, N.A.   in New York, New York or at such other place as the Company shall have designated by written notice to the holder of this Note as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below. 

This Note is one of a series of Series M Senior Notes (herein called the    Notes   ) issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agree  ment, dated September 23  , 2016 (as from time to time amended, the    Note Purchase Agreement   ), between the Company and the respective Purchasers named therein and is entitled to the benefits thereof, and guarantied pursuant to that certain Guaranty Ag  reement, dated as of September 23  , 2016, by Woodward FST  , MPC Products,   Woodward HR  T and the other Guarantors party thereto, as from time to time amended.  Each holder of this Note will be deemed, by its acceptance hereof, to have (a) agreed to the confidentiality provisions set forth in Section 20 of the Note Purchase Agreement and (b) made the representation set forth in Section 6.3 of the Note Purchase Agreement.  Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used in this Note shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note Purchase Agreement. 

This Note is a registered Note and, as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed, by the registered holder hereof or such holder s attorney duly authorized in writing, a new Note for a like principal amount will be issued to, and registered in the name of, the transferee.  Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment and for all other purposes, and the Company will not be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

This Note is subject to prepayment, in whole or from time to time in part, at the times and on the terms specified in the Note Purchase Agreement, but not otherwise. 

If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the principal of this Note may be declared or otherwise become due and payable in the manner, at the price (including any applicable Make-Whole Amount and/or Net Loss     with respect to any Swapped Note   and  , subject to Section 8.9, net of any Net Gain     with respect to any Swapped Note  ) and with the effect provided in the Note Purchase Agreement. 

This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the Company and the holder of this Note shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York excluding choice-of-law principles of the law of such State that would permit the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such State. 

WOODWARD, INC.  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

Exhibit 2 

F  orm of    G  uaranty   A  greement 

See attached 

GUARANTY AGREEMENT 

THIS GUARANTY AGREEMENT (this    Agreement    or this    Guaranty   ) dated as of September 23, 2016, is entered into on a joint and several basis by each party listed on the signature pages hereto together with any entity which may become a party hereto by execution and delivery of a Guaranty Supplement in substantially the form set forth as   Exhibit A   hereto (a    Guaranty Supplement   ) (each such party individually, a    Guarantor    and collectively, the    Guarantors   ).  Woodward, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), is entering into that certain Note Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof (the    Note Purchase Agreement   ) by and among the Company and each of the institutional investors named on Schedule A attached to such Note Purchase Agreement (the    Note Purchasers   ), providing for, among other things, the issue and sale by the Company to the Note Purchasers of  40,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.12% Series M Senior Notes due September 23, 2026   (as amended, restated or otherwise   modified from time to time  , the    Notes   )  .  The Note Purchasers together with their respective successors and assigns are collectively referred to herein as the    Noteholders  .     Any capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Note Purchase Agreement. 

The Note Purchasers have required as a condition of their purchase of the Notes that the Company cause each of the undersigned to enter into this Guaranty and, in accordance with Section 9.8 of the Note Purchase Agreement, cause each Subsidiary which from time to time becomes obligated as a guarantor or obligor under any Major Credit Facility to enter into a Guaranty Supplement, in each case as security for the Notes, and the Company has agreed to cause each of the undersigned to execute this Guaranty and, in accordance with Section 9.8 of the Note Purchase Agreement, to cause each Subsidiary which from time to time becomes obligated as a guarantor or obligor under any Major Credit Facility to execute a Guaranty Supplement, in each case, in order to induce the Note Purchasers to purchase the Notes and thereby benefit the Company and its Subsidiaries by providing funds to enable the Company to have funds available to refinance existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.  Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 9.8(a) of the Note Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall be under no obligation to (but may in its sole discretion) require any Foreign Subsidiary to become a Guarantor in respect of the Note Purchase Agreement and the Notes to the extent such Foreign Subsidiary s obligations under all Major Credit Facilities consist solely of Foreign Borrowings or guaranties of a Foreign Borrowing by another Foreign Subsidiary.  Each of the Guarantors is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Company and acknowledges that it will derive substantial benefit from the purchase of Notes by the Note Purchasers.  As consideration therefor and in order to induce the Note Purchasers to purchase Notes, the Guarantors are willing to execute this Agreement. 

Accordingly, each Guarantor hereby agrees as follows: 

SECTION 1.           Guaranty  .  Each Guarantor unconditionally guaranties, jointly with the other Guarantors and severally, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, (a) the due and punctual payment of (i) the principal of and premium, if any, the Make-Whole Amount, if any, the Net Loss, if any, and interest (including interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on the Notes, when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set for prepayment or otherwise and (ii) all other monetary obligations, including  

fees (including reasonable attorneys  fees), costs, expenses and indemnities, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), owed by the Company to the Noteholders under the Note Purchase Agreement and the Notes and (b) the due and punctual performance of all covenants, agreements, obligations and liabilities of the Company under or pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement and the Notes (all the monetary and other obligations referred to in the preceding clauses (a) and (b) being collectively referred to herein as the    Obligations   ).  Each Guarantor further agrees that the Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent from it, and that it will remain bound upon its guaranty notwithstanding any extension or renewal of any Obligation.  Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to a maximum aggregate amount equal to the greatest amount that would not render such Guarantor s obligations hereunder subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of Title 11 of the United States Code or any provisions of applicable state law (collectively, the    Fraudulent Transfer Laws   ), in each case after giving effect to all other liabilities of such Guarantor, contingent or otherwise, that are relevant under the Fraudulent Transfer Laws (specifically excluding, however, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any liabilities of such Guarantor (a) in respect of intercompany indebtedness to the Company or Affiliates of the Company to the extent that such indebtedness would be discharged in an amount equal to the amount paid by such Guarantor hereunder and (b) under any guaranty of senior unsecured Indebtedness or Indebtedness subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations which guaranty contains a limitation as to maximum amount similar to that set forth in this paragraph, pursuant to which the liability of such Guarantor hereunder is included in the liabilities taken into account in determining such maximum amount) and after giving effect as assets to the value (as determined under the applicable provisions of the Fraudulent Transfer Laws) of any rights to subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar rights of such Guarantor pursuant to (i) applicable law or (ii) any agreement providing for an equitable allocation among such Guarantor and other Affiliates of the Company of obligations arising under guaranties by such parties. 

SECTION 2.           Obligations Not Waived  .  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor waives presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to the Company of any of the Obligations, and also waives notice of acceptance of this Guaranty and notice of protest for nonpayment.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall not be affected by (a) the failure of any Noteholder to assert any claim or demand or to enforce or exercise any right or remedy against the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person under the provisions of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Notes or otherwise, (b) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any release from any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement, the Notes, any guaranty or any other agreement, including with respect to any other Guarantor under this Agreement or (c) the failure to perfect any security interest in, or the release of, any of the security, if any, held by or on behalf of any Noteholder. 

SECTION 3.           Security  .  Each of the Guarantors authorizes each of the Noteholders to (a) take and hold security for the payment of this Guaranty and the Obligations and exchange, enforce, waive and release any such security, (b) apply such security and direct the order or manner  

of sale thereof as they in their sole discretion may determine and (c) release or substitute any one or more endorsees, other guarantors or other obligors, in each under clauses (a) and (b), subject to Section 9.8 of the Note Purchase Agreement. 

SECTION 4.           Guaranty of Payment  .  Each Guarantor further agrees that this Guaranty constitutes a guaranty of payment when due and not of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by any Noteholder to the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person, to any of the security held for payment of the Obligations or to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of any Noteholder in favor of the Company or any other Person. 

SECTION 5.           No Discharge or Diminishment of Guaranty  .  The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Obligations or, with respect to any Guarantor, the release of such Guarantor pursuant to Section 9.8(b) of the Note Purchase Agreement), including any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Obligations, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of the Obligations or otherwise.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by the failure of any Noteholder to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under the Note Purchase Agreement, the Notes or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification of any provision of any thereof, by any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of the Obligations, or by any other act or omission that may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of any Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Obligations). 

SECTION 6.           Defenses of Company Waived  .  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each of the Guarantors waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of the Company or the unenforceability of the Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of the Company, other than the final and indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Obligations.  The Noteholders may, at their election, foreclose on any security held by one or more of them by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such security in lieu of foreclosure, compromise or adjust any part of the Obligations, make any other accommodation with the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or exercise any other right or remedy available to them against the Company or any other Guarantor, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any Guarantor hereunder except to the extent the Obligations have been fully, finally and indefeasibly paid in cash. Pursuant to applicable law, each of the Guarantors waives any defense arising out of any such election even though such election operates, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or to extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of such Guarantor against the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person, as the case may be, or any security. 

SECTION 7.           Agreement to Pay; Subordination  .  In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right that any Noteholder has at law or in equity against any Guarantor by virtue hereof, upon the failure of the Company to pay any Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, each Guarantor hereby promises to and will forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to such Noteholder as designated thereby in cash the amount of such unpaid Obligations.  Upon payment by any Guarantor of any sums to any Noteholder as provided above, all rights of such Guarantor against the Company arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Obligations.  In addition, any indebtedness of the Company or any Guarantor now or hereafter held by any Guarantor is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the Obligations.  If any amount shall erroneously be paid to any Guarantor on account of (i) such subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar right or (ii) any such indebtedness of the Company or any other Guarantor, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Noteholders and shall forthwith be paid to the Noteholders to be credited against the payment of the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement and the Notes. 

SECTION 8.           Information  .  Each of the Guarantors assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of the Company s financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that such Guarantor assumes and incurs hereunder, and agrees that no Noteholder will have any duty to advise any of the Guarantors of information known to it or any of them regarding such circumstances or risks. 

SECTION 9.           Representations and Warranties  .  Each of the Guarantors represents and warrants as to itself that all representations and warranties relating to it contained in the Note Purchase Agreement are true and correct. 

SECTION 10.           Termination  .  This Guaranty (a) shall terminate when all the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash and (b) shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by any Noteholder or any Guarantor upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of the Company, any Guarantor or otherwise;   provided however,   that this Guaranty shall terminate as to any Guarantor upon satisfaction of the requirements specified in Section 9.8(b) of the Note Purchase Agreement with respect to such Guarantor. 

SECTION 11.           Binding Effect; Several Agreement; Assignments  .  Whenever in this Agreement any of the parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the successors and assigns of such party; and all covenants, promises and agreements by or on behalf of the Guarantors that are contained in this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of each Noteholder and their respective successors and assigns.  This Agreement shall become effective as to any Guarantor when a counterpart hereof has been executed on behalf of such Guarantor and thereafter shall be binding upon such Guarantor and its successors and assigns (provided that no Guarantor shall have the right to assign its obligations under this Agreement without the consent of each holder of a Note and any such attempted assignment shall be void) and shall inure to the  

benefit of the Noteholders and their respective successors and assigns. Promptly after the execution hereof or of any Guaranty Supplement, the Guarantors shall deliver a copy thereof to each holder of a Note.  This Agreement shall be construed as a separate agreement with respect to each Guarantor and may be amended, modified, supplemented, waived or released with respect to any Guarantor without the approval of any other Guarantor and without affecting the obligations of any other Guarantor hereunder. 

SECTION 12.           Waivers; Amendment  .   

a.           No failure or delay of any Noteholder in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power.  The rights and remedies of any Noteholder hereunder and under the Note Purchase Agreement and the Notes are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have.  No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by any Guarantor therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) below, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. No notice or demand on any Guarantor in any case shall entitle such Guarantor to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 

b.           Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to a written agreement entered into between the Guarantors with respect to which such waiver, amendment or modification relates and the Required Holders; provided that any Guarantor shall be released from this Guaranty upon satisfaction of the requirements set forth in Section 9.8(b) of the Note Purchase Agreement with respect to such Guarantor. 

SECTION 13.           GOVERNING LAW  .  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK EXCLUDING CHOICE-OF-LAW PRINCIPLES OF THE LAW OF SUCH STATE THAT WOULD PERMIT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN SUCH STATE. 

SECTION 14.           Notices  .  All communications and notices hereunder shall be in writing and given as provided in Section 18 of the Note Purchase Agreement. All communications and notices hereunder to a Guarantor shall be given to it in care of the Company at the address set forth in Section 18 of the Note Purchase Agreement. 

SECTION 15.           Survival of Agreement, Severability  .   

a.           All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Guarantors herein and in the certificates or other instruments prepared or delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes shall be considered to have been relied upon by each Note Purchaser and each other holder  

of a Note and shall survive the purchase of the Notes and any transfer thereof, including successive transfers, regardless of any investigation made by any Note Purchaser or other holder of a Note or on their behalf, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Note or any other fee or amount payable under this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement or any Note is outstanding. 

b.           In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein and therein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby (it being understood that the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not in and of itself affect the validity of such provision in any other jurisdiction).  The parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 

SECTION 16.           Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract, and shall become effective as provided in Section 11.  Delivery of an executed signature page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

SECTION 17.           Jurisdiction and Process; Waiver of Jury Trial  .   

a.           Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor irrevocably waives and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise, any claim that such Guarantor is not subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, any objection that such Guarantor may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.  

b.           Each Guarantor   agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that a final judgment in any suit, action or proceeding of the na  ture referred to in Section 17  (a) brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon it subject to rights of appeal, as the case may be, and may be enforced in the courts of the United States of America or the State of New York (or any other courts to the jurisdiction of which it or any of its assets is or may be subject) by a suit upon such judgment. 

c.           Each Guarantor consents to process being served by or on behalf of any Noteholder in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 17(a) by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to it at the address specified in Section 14 or at such other address of which such Noteholder shall then have been notified pursuant  

to such Section.  Each Guarantor agrees that such service upon receipt (i) shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon such Guarantor in any such suit, action or proceeding and (ii) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be taken and held to be valid personal service upon and personal delivery to such Guarantor.  Notices hereunder shall be conclusively presumed received as evidenced by a delivery receipt furnished by the United States Postal Service or any reputable commercial delivery service.   

d.           Nothing in this Agreement shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any manner permitted by law, or limit any right that any Noteholder may have to bring proceedings against any Guarantor in the courts of any appropriate jurisdiction or to enforce in any lawful manner a judgment obtained in one jurisdiction in any other jurisdiction. 

e.           The parties hereto hereby waive trial by jury in any action brought on or with respect to this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement, the Notes or any other document executed in connection herewith or therewith.  

SECTION 18.           Right of Setoff  .  If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Noteholder is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other Indebtedness at any time owing by such Noteholder to or for the credit or the account of any Guarantor against any or all the obligations of such Guarantor now or hereafter existing under this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes held by such Noteholder, irrespective of whether or not such Noteholder shall have made any demand under this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes and although such obligations may be unmatured.  The rights of each Noteholder under this Section 18 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Noteholder may have. 

SECTION 19.           Additional Guarantors  .  Pursuant to Section 9.8(a) of the Note Purchase Agreement, certain Subsidiaries of the Company are required to enter into a Guaranty Supplement and become a party to this Agreement.  Upon execution and delivery, after the date hereof, by any such Subsidiary of a Guaranty Supplement, such Subsidiary shall become a Guarantor hereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named as a Guarantor herein.  The execution and delivery of any instrument adding an additional Guarantor as a party to this Agreement shall not require the consent of any other Guarantor hereunder.  The rights and obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the addition of any new Guarantor as a party to this Agreement. 

SECTION 20.           Obligation to Make Payment in Euros  . 

Any payment on account of an amount that is payable hereunder or under the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes in Euros which is made to or for the account of any holder in any other currency, whether as a result of any judgment or order or the enforcement thereof or the realization of any security or the liquidation of any Guarantor, shall constitute a discharge of the obligations of the Guarantors under this Agreement only to the extent of the amount of Euros which such holder could purchase in the foreign exchange markets in London, England, with the  

amount of such other currency in accordance with normal banking procedures at the rate of exchange prevailing on the London Banking Day following receipt of the payment first referred to above.  If the amount of Euros that could be so purchased is less than the amount of Euros originally due to such holder, each Guarantor agrees to the fullest extent permitted by law, to indemnify and save harmless such holder from and against all loss or damage arising out of or as a result of such deficiency.  This indemnity shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, constitute an obligation separate and independent from the other obligations contained in this Agreement, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by such holder from time to time and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment or order for a liquidated sum in respect of an amount due hereunder or under the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes or under any judgment or order.  As used herein the term  London Banking Day  shall mean any day other than Saturday or Sunday or a day on which commercial banks are required or authorized by law to be closed in London, England. 

[  Intentionally Left Blank - Signature Page Follows  ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

WOODWARD FST, INC.  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

MPC PRODUCTS CORPORATION  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

WOODWARD HRT, INC.  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

EXHIBIT A 

GUARANTY SUPPLEMENT 

To the Noteholders (as defined in the hereinafter  

defined Guaranty Agreement) 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

WHEREAS, to enable Woodward, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), and its Subsidiaries to have funds available  to refinance existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes, the Company has entered into that certain Note Purchase Agreement dated as of September 23, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Note Purchase Agreement   ) among the Company and each of the institutional investors named on Schedule A attached to such Note Purchase Agreement (the    Note Purchasers   ), providing for, among other things,   the issue and sale by the Company to the Note Purchasers of  40,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.12% Series M Senior Notes due September 23, 2026 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Notes   )  .  Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in the hereinafter defined Guaranty Agreement unless herein defined or the context shall otherwise require. 

WHEREAS, as a condition precedent to their purchase of the Notes, the Note Purchasers required that from time to time certain subsidiaries of the Company enter into a Guaranty Agreement as security for the Notes (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Guaranty Agreement   ). 

Pursuant to Section 9.8(a) of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to cause the undersigned, ____________, a [corporation] organized under the laws of ______________ (the    Additional Guarantor   ), to join in the Guaranty Agreement.  In accordance with the requirements of the Guaranty Agreement, the Additional Guarantor does hereby become a party to the Guaranty Agreement and desires to amend the definition of Guarantor (as the same may have been heretofore amended) set forth in the Guaranty Agreement attached hereto so that at all times from and after the date hereof, the Additional Guarantor is and shall be bound by the terms of the Guaranty Agreement and shall be jointly and severally liable as set forth in the Guaranty Agreement for the obligations of the Company under the Note Purchase Agreement and Notes to the extent and in the manner set forth in the Guaranty Agreement. 

The undersigned is the duly elected ____________ of the Additional Guarantor, a subsidiary of the Company, and is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Guaranty Supplement to each of you.  The execution by the undersigned of this Guaranty Supplement shall evidence its consent to and acknowledgment and approval of the terms set forth herein and in the Guaranty Agreement and by such execution the Additional Guarantor shall be deemed to have made in favor of the Noteholders the representations and warranties set forth in Section 9 of the Guaranty Agreement. 

Upon execution of this Guaranty Supplement, the Guaranty Agreement shall be deemed to be amended as set forth above.  Except as amended herein, the terms and provisions of the Guaranty Agreement are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved in all respects. 

Any and all notices, requests, certificates and other instruments (including the Notes) may refer to the Guaranty Agreement without making specific reference to this Guaranty Supplement, but nevertheless all such references shall be deemed to include this Guaranty Supplement unless the context shall otherwise require. 

Dated: __________________, 20__. 

[NAME OF ADDITIONAL GUARANTOR]  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

Exhibit 4.5(a) 

F  orm of   O  pinion of   S  pecial   C  ounsel 

for the   C  ompany and the   C  losing   G  uarantors 

See attached 

[INTENTIONALLY REMOVED] 

Exhibit 4.5(b  ) 

F  orm of   O  pinion of   S  pecial   C  ounsel for the   P  urchasers 

See attached 

[INTENTIONALLY REMOVED] 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 4
 wwd-20160930xex10_21.htm
 EX-10.21

WWD Int Holding BV NPA

Exhibit 10.21 

WOODWARD INTERNATIONAL HOLDING B.V. 

77,000,000 1.31% Series N Senior Notes due September 23, 2028 

43,000,000 1.57% Series O Senior Notes due September 23, 2031 

_____________________________________ 

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

_____________________________________ 

Dated September 23, 2016 

Table of Contents 

Page 

- i - 

Table of Contents 

(continued) 

Page 

- ii - 

Table of Contents 

(continued) 

Page 

- iii - 

Table of Contents 

(continued) 

Page 

- iv - 

Table of Contents 

(continued) 

Page 

- v - 

Schedule A  

--  

Information Relating to Purchasers  

Schedule B  

--  

Defined Terms  

Schedule 5.3  

--  

Disclosure Materials  

Schedule 5.4  

--  

Subsidiaries of the Parent Guarantor and Ownership of Subsidiary Stock  

Schedule 5.5  

--  

Financial Statements  

Schedule 5.15  

--  

Existing Indebtedness  

Schedule 8.10  

--  

Swapped Notes  

Schedule 10.6  

--  

Existing Liens  

Exhibit 1A  

--  

Form of Series N Senior Note due September 23, 2028  

Exhibit 1B  

--  

Form of Series O Senior Note due September 23, 2031  

Exhibit 2  

--  

Form of Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement  

Exhibit 4.5(a)  

--  

Form of Opinion of U.S. Special Counsel for the Parent Guarantor, the Company and the Closing Subsidiary Guarantors  

Exhibit 4.5(b)  

--  

Form of Opinion of Dutch Special Counsel for the Company  

Exhibit 4.5(c)  

--  

Form of Opinion of Special U.S. Counsel for the Purchasers  

- vi - 

Woodward International Holding B.V. 

Woodward, Inc. 

1081 Woodward Way 

Fort Collins, Colorado 80524 

77,000,000 1.31% Series N Senior Notes due September 23, 2028 

43,000,000 1.57% Series O Senior Notes due September 23, 2031 

September 23, 2016 

To Each of the Purchasers Listed in 

Schedule A Hereto: 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Woodward International Holding B.V., a Dutch private limited liability company (  besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid  ) having its official seat (  statutaire zetel  ) in Hoofddorp, the Netherlands and registered with the Dutch trade register under number 60725141 (together with any successor thereto that becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 10.2, the    Company   ) and Woodward, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with any successor thereto that becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 10.2, the    Parent Guarantor    and, together with the Company, collectively, the    Obligors   ), agree with each of the purchasers whose names appear at the end hereof (each, a    Purchaser    and, collectively, the    Purchasers   ) as follows: 

1.      AUTHORIZATION OF NOTES.  

The Company will authorize the issue and sale of (a)  77,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.31% Series N Senior Notes due September 23, 2028 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time pursuant to Section 18, the    Series N Notes   ) and (b)  43,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.57% Series O Senior Notes due September 23, 2031 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time pursuant to Section 18, the    Series O Notes   ).  The Series N Notes and the Series O Notes shall be referred to collectively herein as, the  Notes , such term to include any such notes issued in substitution therefor pursuant to Section 14.  The Series N Notes and the Series O Notes shall be substantially in the forms set out in Exhibit 1A and Exhibit 1B, respectively.  Certain capitalized and other terms used in this Agreement are defined in Schedule B and, for purposes of this Agreement, the rules of construction set forth in Section 24.5 shall govern. 

2.      SALE AND PURCHASE OF NOTES; GUARANTEES.  

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company will issue and sell to each Purchaser and each Purchaser will purchase from the Company, at the Closing provided for in Section 3, Notes in the principal amount and of the Series specified opposite such Purchaser s name in Schedule A at the purchase price of 100% of the principal amount thereof.  The Purchasers  obligations hereunder are several and not joint obligations and no Purchaser shall have  

any liability to any Person for the performance or non-performance of any obligation by any other Purchaser hereunder. 

The obligations of the Company hereunder and under the Notes will be unconditionally guaranteed by (a) the Parent Guarantor pursuant to Section 23 and (b) each of Woodward FST, MPC Products and Woodward HRT (each a    Closing Subsidiary Guarantor    and, collectively, the    Closing Subsidiary Guarantors   ), and each other Subsidiary required to guaranty the Notes pursuant to Section 9.8 (together with the Closing Subsidiary Guarantors, each a    Subsidiary Guarantor    and, collectively, the    Subsidiary Guarantors   ), pursuant to that certain Guaranty Agreement dated as of the date of Closing (the    Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement   ) substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit 2. 

3.      CLOSING.  

3.1      Closing.  

The sale and purchase of the Notes to be purchased by each Purchaser shall occur at the offices of Morgan, Lewis   Bockius LLP, at 101 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10178, at 10:00 a.m., New York time, at a closing (the    Closing   ) on September 23, 2016.  At the Closing, the Company will deliver to each Purchaser the Notes to be purchased by such Purchaser in the form of a single Note for each Series to be purchased by such Purchaser (or such greater number of Notes for each Series in denominations of at least  100,000 as such Purchaser may request) dated the date of Closing and registered in such Purchaser s name (or in the name of its nominee), against delivery by such Purchaser to the Company or its order of immediately available funds in the amount of the purchase price therefor by wire transfer of immediately available funds for the account of the Company to JPMorgan Bank NA. 

3.2      Failure of the Company to Deliver.  

If at the Closing the Company shall fail to tender any Note to any Purchaser on the date of Closing as provided above in this Section 3, or any of the conditions specified in Section 4 shall not have been fulfilled to such Purchaser s satisfaction, such Purchaser shall, at its election, be relieved of all further obligations under this Agreement, without thereby waiving any rights such Purchaser may have by reason of such failure or such nonfulfillment. 

4.      CONDITIONS TO CLOSING.  

Each Purchaser s obligation to purchase and pay for the Notes to be sold to such Purchaser on the date of Closing is subject to the fulfillment to such Purchaser s satisfaction, prior to or at the date of Closing, of the following conditions: 

4.1      Representations and Warranties.  

(a)      The representations and warranties of the Parent Guarantor and the Company in this Agreement shall be correct (i) when made as of the date hereof and (ii) on the date of Closing.  

2   

(b)      The representations and warranties of the Closing Subsidiary Guarantors in the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement shall be correct (i) when made as of the date hereof and (ii) on the date of Closing.  

4.2      Performance; No Default.  

The Parent Guarantor, the Company and the Closing Subsidiary Guarantors shall have performed and complied with all agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement required to be performed or complied with by the Parent Guarantor, the Company or the Closing Subsidiary Guarantors, as applicable, prior to or on the date of Closing and after giving effect to the issue and sale of the Notes (and the application of the proceeds thereof as contemplated by Section 5.14), no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.  Neither the Parent Guarantor, the Company nor any Subsidiary shall have entered into any transaction since the date of the Investor Presentation that would have been prohibited by Sections 10.1, 10.2 or 10.3 had such Sections applied since such date. 

4.3      Compliance Certificates.  

(a)      Officer s Certificates.  

(i)      Each of the Parent Guarantor and the Company shall have delivered to such Purchaser an Officer s Certificate, dated the date of Closing, certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 4.1(a), 4.2 and 4.10 have been fulfilled as of the date of Closing.  

(ii)      Each Closing Subsidiary Guarantor shall have delivered to such Purchaser an Officer s Certificate, dated the date of Closing, certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 4.1(b) and 4.2 (as to such Closing Subsidiary Guarantor) have been fulfilled as of the date of Closing.  

(b)      Secretary or Treasurer s Certificates.  

(i)      The Parent Guarantor and the Company shall have delivered to such Purchaser a certificate of its Secretary or Assistant Secretary, dated the date of Closing, certifying as to (A) the resolutions attached thereto and other corporate proceedings relating to the authorization, execution and delivery of the Notes and this Agreement and (B) the Parent Guarantor s and the Company s organizational documents as then in effect.  

(ii)      Each Closing Subsidiary Guarantor shall have delivered to such Purchaser a certificate of its Secretary, Assistant Secretary or Treasurer, dated the date of Closing, certifying as to (A) the resolutions attached thereto and other corporate proceedings relating to the authorization, execution and delivery of the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement and (B) such Closing Subsidiary Guarantor s organizational documents as then in effect.  

3   

4.4      Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement.  

The Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement shall have been duly authorized, executed and delivered to each Purchaser by the Closing Subsidiary Guarantors, and shall be in full force and effect. 

4.5      Opinions of Counsel.  

Such Purchaser shall have received opinions in form and substance satisfactory to such Purchaser, dated the date of Closing (a) from Paul Hastings LLP, special U.S. counsel for the Parent Guarantor, the Company and the Closing Subsidiary Guarantors, covering the matters set forth in   Exhibit 4.5(a)   and covering such other matters incident to the transactions contemplated hereby as such Purchaser or its counsel may reasonably request, (b) from Loyens   Loeff N.V., special Dutch counsel for the Company, covering the matters set forth in   Exhibit 4.5(b)   and covering such other matters incident to the transactions contemplated hereby as such Purchaser or its counsel may reasonably request (and the Parent Guarantor hereby instructs its counsel to deliver such opinions to the Purchasers) and (c) from Morgan, Lewis   Bockius LLP, the Purchasers  special U.S. counsel in connection with such transactions, substantially in the form set forth in   Exhibit 4.5(c)   and covering such other matters incident to such transactions as such Purchaser may reasonably request. 

4.6      Purchase Permitted by Applicable Law, etc.  

On the date of Closing, such Purchaser s purchase of Notes to be purchased shall (a) be permitted by the laws and regulations of each jurisdiction to which such Purchaser is subject, without recourse to provisions (such as Section 1405(a)(8) of the New York Insurance Law) permitting limited investments by insurance companies without restriction as to the character of the particular investment, (b) not violate any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) and (c) not subject such Purchaser to any tax, penalty or liability under or pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.  If requested by such Purchaser, such Purchaser shall have received an Officer s Certificate from the Parent Guarantor certifying as to such matters of fact as such Purchaser may reasonably specify to enable such Purchaser to determine whether such purchase is so permitted. 

4.7      Sale of Other Notes.  

Contemporaneously with the Closing the Company shall sell to each other Purchaser and each other Purchaser shall purchase the Notes to be purchased by it as specified in Schedule A. 

4.8      Payment of Special Counsel Fees.  

Without limiting the provisions of Section 16.1, the Company shall have paid on or before the Closing the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of the Purchasers  special U.S. counsel referred to in Section 4.5 and that of the Purchasers  special Dutch counsel, in each case to the extent reflected in a statement of such counsel rendered to the Company at least one Business Day prior to the Closing. 

4   

4.9      Private Placement Numbers.  

A Private Placement Number issued by Standard   Poor s CUSIP Service Bureau (in cooperation with the SVO) shall have been obtained for each Series of the Notes. 

4.10      Changes in Corporate Structure.  

Neither Obligor nor any Closing Subsidiary Guarantor shall have changed its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, as applicable, or been a party to any merger or consolidation or succeeded to all or any substantial part of the liabilities of any other entity at any time following the date of the most recent financial statements referred to in Schedule 5.5. 

4.11      Funding Instructions.  

At least three Business Days prior to the date of Closing, each Purchaser shall have received written instructions signed by a Responsible Officer on letterhead of the Company confirming the information specified in Section 3 including (i) the name and address of the transferee bank, (ii) such transferee bank s ABA number/Swift Code/IBAN and (iii) the account name and number into which the purchase price for the Notes to be issued. 

4.12      Second Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement.  

The Parent Guarantor shall have delivered to the Purchasers  special counsel on or before the date of Closing a fully executed copy of the Second Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement. 

4.13      Revolving Facility.  

The Parent Guarantor shall have delivered to the Purchasers  special counsel on or before the date of Closing, a fully executed copy of the Revolving Facility certified by a Responsible Officer as being true, correct and complete. 

4.14      Woodward, Inc. Note Purchase Agreement.  

The Company shall have delivered to the Purchasers  special counsel on or before the date of Closing a fully executed copy of the 2016 Parent Guarantor Note Purchase Agreement and such agreement shall be, or concurrently with this Agreement shall be, in full force and effect.  

4.15      Acceptance of Appointment to Receive Service of Process.  

Such Purchaser shall have received evidence of the acceptance by Process Agent of the appointment and designation provided for by Section 24.8(e) in respect of the Company for the period from the date of the Closing to 1 year after the latest maturity of the Notes (and the payment in full of all fees in respect thereof). 

5   

4.16      Proceedings and Documents.  

All corporate and other proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all documents and instruments incident to such transactions shall be satisfactory to such Purchaser and its special counsel, and such Purchaser and its special counsel shall have received all such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as such Purchaser or such special counsel may reasonably request. 

5.      REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARENT GUARANTOR AND THE COMPANY. 

The Parent Guarantor and the Company jointly and severally represent and warrant to each Purchaser that: 

5.1      Organization; Power and Authority.  

Each Obligor and each Closing Subsidiary Guarantor is a corporation duly organized or incorporated, validly existing and, where applicable, in good standing under the laws of its respective jurisdiction of incorporation, and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation and, where applicable, is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required by law, other than those jurisdictions as to which the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Each Obligor and each Closing Subsidiary Guarantor has the corporate power and authority to own or hold under lease the properties it purports to own or hold under lease and to transact the business it transacts and proposes to transact.  Each Obligor has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver the Notes (in the case of the Company) and this Agreement and to perform the provisions hereof and thereof, and each Closing Subsidiary Guarantor has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement and to perform the provisions thereof. 

5.2      Authorization, etc.  

(a)      This Agreement and the Notes have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, and this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery thereof each Note will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).  

(b)      This Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Parent Guarantor, and this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Parent Guarantor enforceable against the Parent Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).  

6   

(c)      The Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Closing Subsidiary Guarantors, and the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Closing Subsidiary Guarantor enforceable against each Closing Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).  

5.3      Disclosure.  

The Parent Guarantor, through its agents, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC has delivered to each Purchaser a copy of an Investor Presentation, dated September 6, 2016 (the    Investor Presentation   ), relating to the transactions contemplated hereby.  The Investor Presentation fairly describes, in all material respects, the general nature of the business and principal properties of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries.  This Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, the Investor Presentation and the documents, certificates or other writings delivered to the Purchasers by or on behalf of the Parent Guarantor, the Company or the Closing Subsidiary Guarantors in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and identified in Schedule 5.3, and the financial statements listed in Schedule 5.5 (this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, the Investor Presentation and such documents, certificates or other writings and such financial statements delivered to each Purchaser prior to September 14, 2016 being referred to, collectively, as the    Disclosure Documents   ), taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made.  Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Documents, there has been no change since September 30, 2015 in the financial condition, operations, business, properties or prospects of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary except changes that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.4      Organization and Ownership of Shares of Subsidiaries; Affiliates.  

(a)      Schedule 5.4   contains (except as noted therein) complete and correct lists (i) of the Parent Guarantor s Subsidiaries, showing, as to each Subsidiary, the correct name thereof, the jurisdiction of its organization, the percentage of shares of each class of its capital stock or similar equity interests outstanding owned by the Parent Guarantor and each other Subsidiary and whether such Subsidiary is a Subsidiary Guarantor, (ii) of the Parent Guarantor s Affiliates, other than Subsidiaries and Undisclosed Affiliates, and (iii) of the Parent Guarantor s directors and senior officers.  

(b)      All of the outstanding shares of capital stock or similar equity interests of each Subsidiary shown in   Schedule 5.4   as being owned by the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by the Parent Guarantor or another Subsidiary free and clear of any Lien (except as otherwise disclosed in   Schedule 5.4  ).  

7   

(c)      Each Subsidiary identified in   Schedule 5.4   is a corporation or other legal entity duly organized or incorporated, validly existing and, to the extent such concept is applicable, in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other legal entity and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required by law, other than those jurisdictions as to which the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Each such Subsidiary has the corporate or other power and authority to own or hold under lease the properties it purports to own or hold under lease and to transact the business it transacts and proposes to transact.  

(d)      No Subsidiary is a party to, or otherwise subject to any legal, regulatory, contractual or other restriction (other than this Agreement, the agreements listed on   Schedule 5.4   and customary limitations imposed by corporate law or similar statutes, whether foreign or domestic) restricting the ability of such Subsidiary to pay dividends out of profits or make any other similar distributions of profits to the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries that owns outstanding shares of capital stock or similar equity interests of such Subsidiary.  

5.5      Financial Statements; Material Liabilities.  

The Parent Guarantor has delivered to each Purchaser copies of the consolidated financial statements of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 5.5.  All such financial statements (including in each case the related schedules and notes) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of the respective dates specified in such Schedule and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the respective periods so specified and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods involved except as set forth in the notes thereto (subject, in the case of any interim financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes).  The Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries do not have any Material liabilities that are not disclosed on such financial statements or otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Documents. 

5.6      Compliance with Laws, Other Instruments, etc.  

(a)      The execution, delivery and performance by the Obligors of this Agreement and by the Company of the Notes, and the execution, delivery and performance by the Closing Subsidiary Guarantors of the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, will not (i) contravene, result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation of any Lien in respect of any property of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan, purchase or credit agreement, lease, corporate charter, memorandum of association, articles of association, regulations, by-laws, shareholders agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary is bound or by which the Parent Guarantor, the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties may be bound, (ii) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any order, judgment, decree, or ruling of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority applicable to the Parent  

8   

Guarantor or any Subsidiary or (iii) violate any provision of any statute or other rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority applicable to the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary.  All obligations under this Agreement are direct and unsecured obligations of the Obligors ranking   pari passu   as against the assets of such Obligor with all other unsecured Indebtedness (actual or contingent) of such Obligor which is not expressed to be subordinated or junior in rank to any other unsecured Indebtedness of such Obligor.  

(b)      All obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement are direct and unsecured obligations of each Closing Subsidiary Guarantor ranking   pari passu   as against the assets of such Closing Subsidiary Guarantor with all other unsecured Indebtedness (actual or contingent) of such Closing Subsidiary Guarantor which is not expressed to be subordinated or junior in rank to any other unsecured Indebtedness of such Closing Subsidiary Guarantor.  

5.7      Governmental Authorizations, etc.  

Except with respect to (a) applicable and routine securities laws filings required by the Exchange Act, (b) the filing of a Form D under the Securities Act, and (c) routine reporting requirements to the Dutch Central Bank (  De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.  ) on (  inter alia  ) cross border payments pursuant to the Regulation of 4 February 2003 under the Act on Financial Foreign Relations 1994 (  Wet financi le betrekkingen buitenland 1994  ), no consent, approval or authorization of, or registration, filing or declaration with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Obligors of this Agreement or by the Company of the Notes, or by the Closing Subsidiary Guarantors of the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, including any therefor required in connection with the obtaining of Euros to make payments under this Agreement, the Notes or the Subsidiary Guaranty and the payment of such Euros to Persons resident in the United States of America.  It is not necessary to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility into evidence in The Netherlands of this Agreement or the Notes that any thereof or any other document be filed, recorded or enrolled with any Governmental Authority, or that any such agreement or document be stamped with any stamp, registration or similar transaction tax. 

5.8      Litigation; Observance of Agreements, Statutes and Orders.  

(a)      There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Obligors, threatened against or affecting the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary or any property of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary in any court or before any arbitrator of any kind or before or by any Governmental Authority that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  

(b)      Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Subsidiary is in default under any term of any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order, judgment, decree or ruling of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority or is in violation of any applicable law, ordinance, rule or regulation (including without limitation Environmental Laws, the USA PATRIOT Act or any of the other laws and regulations that are referred to in Section 5.16) of any Governmental Authority, which default or violation,  

9   

individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.9      Taxes.  

(a)      The Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries have filed all income tax returns that are required to have been filed in any jurisdiction, and have paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns and all other taxes and assessments levied upon them or their properties, assets, income or franchises, to the extent such taxes and assessments have become due and payable and before they have become delinquent, except for any taxes and assessments (i) the amount of which is not individually or in the aggregate Material or (ii) the amount, applicability or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which the Parent Guarantor or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, has established adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP.  No Senior Financial Officer of the Parent Guarantor knows of any basis for any other tax or assessment that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries in respect of Federal, national, state or other taxes for all fiscal periods are adequate in accordance with GAAP.  The United States Federal income tax liabilities of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries have been finally determined (whether by reason of completed audits or the statute of limitations having run) for all fiscal years up to and including the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012.  

(b)      No liability for any Tax, directly or indirectly, imposed, assessed, levied or collected by or for the account of any Governmental Authority of The Netherlands or any political subdivision thereof will be incurred by the Company or any holder of a Note as a result of the execution or delivery of this Agreement or the Notes and no deduction or withholding in respect of Taxes imposed by or for the account of The Netherlands or, to the knowledge of the Parent Guarantor or the Company, any other Taxing Jurisdiction, is required to be made from any payment by the Company under this Agreement or the Notes except for any such liability, withholding or deduction imposed, assessed, levied or collected by or for the account of any such Governmental Authority of The Netherlands arising out of circumstances described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of Section 13(b).  

5.10      Title to Property; Leases.  

The Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries have good and sufficient title to their respective properties that individually or in the aggregate are Material, including all such properties reflected in the most recent audited balance sheet referred to in Section 5.5 or purported to have been acquired by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary after said date (except as sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business), in each case free and clear of Liens prohibited by this Agreement.  All leases that individually or in the aggregate are Material are valid and subsisting and are in full force and effect in all material respects. 

10   

5.11      Licenses, Permits, etc.  

The Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries own or possess all licenses, permits, franchises, authorizations, patents, copyrights, proprietary software, service marks, trademarks and trade names, or rights thereto, that individually or in the aggregate are Material, without known conflict with the rights of others, except for those conflicts that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.12      Compliance with ERISA.  

(a)      The Parent Guarantor and each ERISA Affiliate have operated and administered each Plan (which is not a Multiemployer Plan) in compliance with all applicable laws except for such instances of noncompliance as have not resulted in and could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability for failure to comply with the provisions of Title I of ERISA or pursuant to Title IV of ERISA (other than for premium payments to the PBGC paid in a timely manner) or the penalty or excise tax provisions of the Code relating to employee benefit plans (as defined in section 3 of ERISA), and no event, transaction or condition has occurred or exists that could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in the incurrence of any such liability by the Parent Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate, or in the imposition of any Lien on any of the rights, properties or assets of the Parent Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate, in either case pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA or to section 430(k) of the Code or to any such penalty or excise tax provisions under the Code or federal law or section 4068 of ERISA or by the granting of a security interest in connection with the amendment of a Plan, other than such liabilities or Liens as would not be individually or in the aggregate Material.  

(b)      The present value of the aggregate benefit liabilities under each of the Plans subject to Title IV of ERISA (other than Multiemployer Plans), determined as of the beginning of such Plan s most recently ended plan year on the basis of the actuarial assumptions specified for funding purposes in such Plan s most recent actuarial valuation report, did not exceed the aggregate current value as of such determination date of the assets of such Plan allocable to such benefit liabilities by more than $13,000,000 in the case of any single Plan and by more than $17,000,000 in the aggregate for all Plans. The present value of the accrued benefit liabilities (whether or not vested) under each Non-U.S. Plan that is funded, determined as of the end of the Parent Guarantor s most recently ended fiscal year on the basis of reasonable actuarial assumptions, did not exceed the current value of the assets of such Non-U.S. Plan allocable to such benefit liabilities.  The term  benefit liabilities  has the meaning specified in section 4001 of ERISA and the terms  current value  and  present value  have the meaning specified in section 3 of ERISA.  

(c)      The Parent Guarantor and its ERISA Affiliates have not incurred (i) withdrawal liabilities under section 4201 or contingent withdrawal liabilities under section 4204 of ERISA in respect of Multiemployer Plans that individually or in the aggregate are Material or (ii) any obligation in connection with the termination of or withdrawal from any Non-U.S. Plan that individually or in the aggregate are Material.  

11   

(d)      The expected postretirement benefit obligation (determined as of the last day of the Parent Guarantor s most recently ended fiscal year in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715-60, without regard to liabilities attributable to continuation coverage mandated by section 4980B of the Code) of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries is not Material.  

(e)      The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Notes hereunder will not involve any transaction that is subject to and not exempt from the prohibitions of section 406 of ERISA or in connection with which a tax could be imposed pursuant to section 4975(c)(1)(A)-(D) of the Code.  The representation by the Obligors to each Purchaser in the first sentence of this Section 5.12(e) is made in reliance upon and subject to the accuracy of the Purchasers  representations in Section 6.3 as to the sources of the funds used to pay the purchase price of the Notes to be purchased by the Purchasers.  

(f)      All Non-U.S. Plans have been established, operated, administered and maintained in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders applicable thereto, except where failure so to comply could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  All premiums, contributions and any other amounts required by applicable Non-U.S. Plan documents or applicable laws to be paid or accrued by the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries have been paid or accrued as required, except where failure so to pay or accrue could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  

5.13      Private Offering by the Obligors.  

Neither the Obligors nor anyone acting on their behalf has offered the Notes, the Unconditional Guaranty of the Parent Guarantor or any similar Securities for sale to, or solicited any offer to buy any of the same from, or otherwise approached or negotiated in respect thereof with, any Person other than the Purchasers and not more than 20 other Institutional Investors (as defined in clause (c) to the definition of such term), each of which has been offered the Notes at a private sale for investment.  Neither the Obligors nor anyone acting on their behalf has taken, or will take, any action that would subject the issuance or sale of the Notes to the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act or to the registration requirements of any securities or blue sky laws of any applicable jurisdiction, including the jurisdiction of organization of the Company.  For purposes of this Section 5.13 only, each reference to the Notes shall be deemed to include the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement. 

5.14      Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations.  

The Company will apply the proceeds of the sale of the Notes hereunder for general corporate purposes.  No part of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes hereunder will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of buying or carrying any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (12 CFR 221), or for the purpose of buying or carrying or trading in any securities under such circumstances as to involve the Company in a violation of Regulation X of said Board (12 CFR 224) or to involve any broker or dealer in a violation of Regulation T of said Board (12 CFR 220).  Margin stock does not constitute more than 5% of the value of the consolidated assets of the Parent Guarantor and its  

12   

Subsidiaries and the Parent Guarantor does not have any present intention that margin stock will constitute more than 5% of the value of such assets.  As used in this Section, the terms  margin stock  and  purpose of buying or carrying  shall have the meanings assigned to them in said Regulation U. 

5.15      Existing Indebtedness; Future Liens.  

(a)      Except as described therein,   Schedule 5.15   sets forth a complete and correct list of all outstanding Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of June 30, 2016 (including a description of the obligors and obligees, principal amount outstanding and collateral therefor, if any, and Guaranty thereof, if any), since which date there has been no Material change in the amounts, interest rates, sinking funds, installment payments or maturities of the Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries.  Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Subsidiary is in default and no waiver of default is currently in effect, in the payment of any principal or interest on any Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary and no event or condition exists with respect to any Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary the aggregate principal amount of which exceeds $2,000,000 that would permit (or that with notice or the lapse of time, or both, would permit) one or more Persons to cause such Indebtedness to become due and payable before its stated maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment.  

(b)      Except as disclosed in   Schedule 5.15  , neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Subsidiary has agreed or consented to cause or permit in the future (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to be subject to a Lien not permitted by Section 10.6.  

(c)      Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Subsidiary is a party to, or otherwise subject to any provision contained in, any instrument evidencing Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary, any agreement relating thereto or any other agreement (including, but not limited to, its charter or other organizational document) which limits the amount of, or otherwise imposes restrictions on the incurring of, Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor, except as set forth in   Schedule 5.15  .  

5.16      Foreign Assets Control Regulations, etc.  

(a)      Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Controlled Entity is (i) a Person whose name appears on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons published by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, United States Department of the Treasury (   OFAC   ) (an    OFAC Listed Person   ) (ii) an agent, department, or instrumentality of, or is otherwise beneficially owned by, controlled by or acting on behalf of, directly or indirectly, (x) any OFAC Listed Person or (y) any Person, entity, organization, foreign country or regime that is the subject of any country based OFAC Sanctions Program, or (iii) otherwise blocked, subject to sanctions under or to the Parent Guarantor s knowledge, after making due inquiry, engaged in any activity now or in the past five years in violation of other applicable United States economic sanctions, including but not limited to, the Trading with the Enemy Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Iran Sanctions Act or any similar law or regulation with respect to Iran or any other country,  

13   

the Sudan Accountability and Divestment Act, any OFAC Sanctions Program, or any economic sanctions regulations administered and enforced by the United States or any enabling legislation or executive order relating to any of the foregoing (collectively,    U.S. Economic Sanctions   ) (each OFAC Listed Person and each other Person, entity, organization and government of a country described in clause (ii) or clause (iii), a    Blocked Person   ).  Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Controlled Entity has been notified that its name appears or may in the future appear on a state list of Persons that engage in investment or other commercial activities in Iran or any other country that is subject to U.S. Economic Sanctions.  

(b)      No part of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes hereunder constitutes or will constitute funds obtained on behalf of any Blocked Person or will otherwise be used by the Parent Guarantor or any Controlled Entity, directly or indirectly, (i) in connection with any investment in, or any transactions or dealings with, any Blocked Person, or (ii) otherwise in violation of U.S. Economic Sanctions.  

(c)      Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Controlled Entity (i) has been found in violation of or convicted of, money laundering, drug trafficking, terrorist-related activities or other money laundering predicate crimes under the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (otherwise known as the Bank Secrecy Act), the USA PATRIOT Act or any other United States law or regulation governing such activities (collectively,    Anti-Money Laundering Laws   ) or any U.S. Economic Sanctions violations, (ii) to the Parent Guarantor s actual knowledge after making due inquiry, is under investigation by any Governmental Authority for possible violation of Anti-Money Laundering Laws or any U.S. Economic Sanctions violations, (iii) has been assessed civil penalties under any Anti-Money Laundering Laws or any U.S. Economic Sanctions, or (iv) has had any of its funds seized or forfeited in an action under any Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The Parent Guarantor has established procedures and controls which it reasonably believes are adequate (and otherwise comply with applicable law) to ensure that the Parent Guarantor and each Controlled Entity is and will continue to be in compliance with all applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and U.S. Economic Sanctions.  

(d)    (i)     Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Controlled Entity (A) has been convicted of bribery or any other anti-corruption related activity under any applicable law or regulation in a U.S. or any non-U.S. country or jurisdiction, including but not limited to, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (collectively,    Anti-Corruption Laws   ), (B) to the Parent Guarantor s actual knowledge after making due inquiry, is under investigation by any U.S. or non-U.S. Governmental Authority for possible violation of Anti-Corruption Laws, (C) has been assessed civil or criminal penalties under any Anti-Corruption Laws or (D) has been or is the target of sanctions imposed by the United Nations or the European Union; 

(i  i  )      To the Parent Guarantor s actual knowledge after making due inquiry, neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Controlled Entity has, within the last five years and where to do so would have resulted in a violation of then-applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, directly or indirectly offered, promised, given, paid or authorized the offer, promise, giving or payment of anything of value to a  

14   

Governmental Official or a commercial counterparty for the purposes of: (A) influencing any act, decision or failure to act by such Governmental Official in his or her official capacity or such commercial counterparty, (B) inducing a Governmental Official to do or omit to do any act in violation of the Governmental Official s lawful duty, or (C) inducing a Governmental Official or a commercial counterparty to use his or her influence with a government or instrumentality to affect any act or decision of such government or entity; in each case in order to obtain, retain or direct business or to otherwise secure an improper advantage; and 

(i  i  i)      No part of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes hereunder will be used, directly or indirectly, for any improper payments, including bribes, to any Governmental Official or commercial counterparty in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage.  The Parent Guarantor has established procedures and controls which it reasonably believes are adequate (and otherwise comply with applicable law) to ensure that the Parent Guarantor and each Controlled Entity is and will continue to be in compliance with all applicable current and future Anti-Corruption Laws.  

5.17      Status under Certain Statutes.  

Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Subsidiary is (a) required to register as an  investment company,  as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (b) subject to regulation under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005, as amended, the ICC Termination Act of 1995, as amended, or the Federal Power Act, as amended. The Company does not qualify as a  bank  within the meaning of section 1.1 of the Dutch Act on Financial Supervision (  Wet op het financieel toezicht  ). 

5.18      Environmental Matters.  

(a)      Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Subsidiary has knowledge of any claim or has received any notice of any claim, and no proceeding has been instituted raising any claim against the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective real properties now or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of them or other assets, alleging any damage to the environment or violation of any Environmental Laws, except, in each case, such as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  

(b)      Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Subsidiary has knowledge of any facts which would give rise to any claim, public or private, of violation of Environmental Laws or damage to the environment emanating from, occurring on or in any way related to real properties now or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of them or to other assets or their use, except, in each case, such as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  

15   

(c)      Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Subsidiary has stored any Hazardous Materials on real properties now or formerly owned, leased or operated by any of them and has not disposed of any Hazardous Materials in a manner contrary to any Environmental Laws in each case in any manner that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  

(d)      All buildings on all real properties now owned, leased or operated by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary are in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws, except where failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  

5.19      Ranking of Obligations.  

The Company s payment obligations under this Agreement and the Notes will, upon issuance of the Notes, rank at least pari passu, without preference or priority, with all other unsecured and unsubordinated Indebtedness of the Company.  The Parent Guarantor s payment obligations under this Agreement rank at least pari passu, without preference or priority, with all other unsecured and unsubordinated Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor. 

6.      REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PURCHASERS.  

6.1      Purchase for Investment.  

Each Purchaser severally represents that it is purchasing the Notes for its own account or for one or more separate accounts maintained by such Purchaser or for the account of one or more pension or trust funds and not with a view to the distribution thereof, provided that the disposition of such Purchaser s or such pension or trust fund s property shall at all times be within such Purchaser s or such pension or trust fund s control.  Each Purchaser understands that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act and may be resold only if registered pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Act or if an exemption from registration is available, except under circumstances where neither such registration nor such an exemption is required by law, and that the Company is not required, nor does it intend, to register the Notes. 

6.2      Accredited Investor; Qualified Investor.  

(a)      Each Purchaser represents that it is an  accredited investor  (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act acting for its own account (and not for the account of others) or as a fiduciary or agent for others (which others are also  accredited investors ).  Each Purchaser further represents that such Purchaser has had the opportunity to ask questions of the Parent Guarantor and received answers concerning the terms and conditions of the sale of the Notes.  

(b)       Each Purchaser incorporated or organized in a jurisdiction which is a member of the European Economic Area represents that it is a qualified investor within the meaning of the European Prospectus Directive (2003/71/EC), as amended.    

16   

6.3      Source of Funds.  

Each Purchaser severally represents that at least one of the following statements is an accurate representation as to each source of funds (a  Source ) to be used by such Purchaser to pay the purchase price of the Notes to be purchased by such Purchaser hereunder: 

(a)      the Source is an  insurance company general account  (as the term is defined in the United States Department of Labor s Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (   PTE   ) 95-60, as amended) in respect of which the reserves and liabilities (as defined by the annual statement for life insurance companies approved by the NAIC (the    NAIC Annual Statement   )) for the general account contract(s) held by or on behalf of any employee benefit plan together with the amount of the reserves and liabilities (as defined by the NAIC Annual Statement) for the general account contract(s) held by or on behalf of any other employee benefit plans maintained by the same employer (or affiliate thereof as defined in PTE 95-60, as amended) or by the same employee organization in the general account do not exceed 10% of the total reserves and liabilities of the general account (exclusive of separate account liabilities) plus surplus as set forth in the NAIC Annual Statement filed with such Purchaser s state of domicile; or  

(b)      the Source is a separate account of an insurance company that is maintained solely in connection with the fixed contractual obligations of the insurance company under which the amounts payable, or credited, to any employee benefit plan (or its related trust) that has any interest in such separate account (or to any participant or beneficiary of such plan (including any annuitant)) are not affected in any manner by the investment performance of the separate account; or  

(c)      the Source is either (i) an insurance company pooled separate account, within the meaning of PTE 90-1, as amended or (ii) a bank collective investment fund, within the meaning of the PTE 91-38, as amended and, except as disclosed by such Purchaser to the Parent Guarantor in writing pursuant to this clause (c), no employee benefit plan (as defined in such PTEs) or group of plans maintained by the same employer or employee organization beneficially owns more than 10% of all assets allocated to such pooled separate account or collective investment fund; or  

(d)      (i) the Source constitutes assets of an  investment fund  (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14, as amended (the    QPAM Exemption   )) managed by a  qualified professional asset manager  or  QPAM  (within the meaning of Part VI of the QPAM Exemption), (ii) no employee benefit plan s assets that are managed by the QPAM in such investment fund, when combined with the assets of all other employee benefit plans established or maintained by the same employer or by an affiliate (within the meaning of Part VI(c)(1) of the QPAM Exemption) of such employer or by the same employee organization and managed by such QPAM, represent more than 20% of the total client assets managed by such QPAM at the time of the purchase of the Notes hereunder, (iii) the conditions of Part I(c) and (g) of the QPAM Exemption are satisfied, (iv) neither the QPAM nor a person controlling or controlled by the QPAM maintains an ownership interest in the Parent Guarantor that would cause the QPAM and the Parent Guarantor to be  related  within the meaning of Part VI(h) of the QPAM Exemption and (v) (A) the identity of such  

17   

QPAM and (B) the names of any employee benefit plans whose assets in the investment fund, when combined with the assets of all other employee benefit plans established or maintained by the same employer or by an affiliate (within the meaning of Part VI(c)(1) of the QPAM Exemption) of such employer or by the same employee organization, represent 10% or more of the assets of such investment fund, have been disclosed to the Parent Guarantor in writing pursuant to this clause (d); or 

(e)      (i) the Source constitutes assets of a  plan(s)  (within the meaning of Part IV(h) of PTE 96-23 (the    INHAM Exemption   )) managed by an  in-house asset manager  or  INHAM  (within the meaning of Part IV(a) of the INHAM Exemption), (ii) the conditions of Part I(a), (g) and (h) of the INHAM Exemption are satisfied, (iii) neither the INHAM nor a person controlling or controlled by the INHAM (applying the definition of  control  in Part IV(d)(3) of the INHAM Exemption) owns a 10% or more interest in the Parent Guarantor and (iv) (A) the identity of such INHAM and (B) the name(s) of the employee benefit plan(s) whose assets constitute the Source have been disclosed to the Parent Guarantor in writing pursuant to this clause (e); or  

(f)      the Source is a governmental plan, church plan that has not made an election under Section 410(d) of the Code, or a non-U.S. plan and the purchase does not violate any federal, state or other law that regulates its investment in the Notes; or  

(g)      the Source is one or more employee benefit plans, or a separate account or trust fund comprised of one or more employee benefit plans, each of which has been identified to the Parent Guarantor in writing pursuant to this clause (g); or  

(h)      the Source does not include assets of any employee benefit plan, governmental plan, church plan that has not made an election under Section 410(d) of the Code, or non-U.S. Plan.  

As used in this Section 6.3, the terms  employee benefit plan,   governmental plan,   church plan,  and  separate account  shall, unless otherwise indicated, have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in section 3 of ERISA. 

7.      INFORMATION AS TO PARENT GUARANTOR.  

7.1      Financial and Business Information.  

The Parent Guarantor shall deliver to each holder of a Note that is an Institutional Investor: 

(a)      Quarterly Statements   -- within 60 days (or such shorter period as is 15 days greater than the period applicable to the filing of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the    Form 10-Q   ) with the SEC regardless of whether the Company is subject to the filing requirements thereof after the end of each quarterly fiscal period in each fiscal year of the Parent Guarantor (other than the last quarterly fiscal period of each such fiscal year), duplicate copies of,  

(i)      a consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter, and  

18   

(ii)      consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders  equity and cash flows of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, for such quarter and (in the case of the second and third quarters) for the portion of the fiscal year ending with such quarter,  

setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding periods in the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance with GAAP applicable to quarterly financial statements generally, and certified by a Senior Financial Officer as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of the companies being reported on and their results of operations and cash flows, subject to changes resulting from year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes, provided that delivery within the time period specified above of copies of the Parent Guarantor s Form 10-Q prepared in compliance in all material respects with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 7.1(a), provided, further, that the Parent Guarantor shall be deemed to have made such delivery of such Form 10-Q if it shall have timely made such Form 10-Q available on  EDGAR  and on its home page on the worldwide web (at the date of this Agreement located at:  http//www.woodward.com) (such availability being referred to as    Electronic Delivery   ); 

(b)      Annual Statements   -- within 100 days (or such shorter period as is 15 days greater than the period applicable to the filing of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (the    Form 10-K   ) with the SEC regardless of whether the Company is subject to the filing requirements thereof after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent Guarantor, duplicate copies of  

(i)      a consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such year, and  

(ii)      consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders  equity and cash flows of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for such year,  

setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance with GAAP, and accompanied by an opinion thereon of independent public accountants of recognized national standing, which opinion shall state that such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the companies being reported upon and their results of operations and cash flows and have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, and that the examination of such accountants in connection with such financial statements has been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, and that such audit provides a reasonable basis for such opinion in the circumstances,   provided   that the delivery within the time period specified above of the Parent Guarantor s Form 10-K for such fiscal year (together with the Parent Guarantor s annual report to shareholders, if any, prepared pursuant to Rule 14a-3 under the Exchange Act) prepared in all material respects in accordance with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 7.1(b), provided, further, that the Parent Guarantor shall be deemed to have made such delivery of such Form 10-K if it shall have timely made Electronic Delivery thereof; 

19   

(c)      SEC and Other Reports   -- promptly upon their becoming available, one copy of (i) each financial statement, report, notice or proxy statement sent by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary to its public securities holders generally, and (ii) each regular or periodic report, each registration statement (other than a registration statement on Form S-8 and without exhibits except as expressly requested by such holder), and each prospectus and all amendments thereto filed by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary with the SEC and of all press releases and other statements made available generally by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary to the public concerning developments that are Material, provided that the Parent Guarantor shall be deemed to have made such delivery of such materials if it shall have made timely Electronic Delivery thereof;  

(d)      Notice of Default or Event of Default   -- promptly, and in any event within five days after a Responsible Officer becoming aware of the existence of any Default or Event of Default or that any Person has given any written notice or taken any action with respect to a claimed Default hereunder or that any Person has given any notice or taken any action with respect to a claimed Default of the type referred to in Section 11(f), a written notice specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action the Parent Guarantor is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto;  

(e)      ERISA Matters   -- promptly, and in any event within five Business Days after a Responsible Officer becoming aware of any of the following, a written notice setting forth the nature thereof and the action, if any, that the Parent Guarantor or an ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto:  

(i)      with respect to any Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, any reportable event, as defined in section 4043(c) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, for which notice thereof has not been waived pursuant to such regulations as in effect on the date hereof; or  

(ii)      the taking by the PBGC of steps to institute, or the threatening by the PBGC of the institution of, proceedings under section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan, or the receipt by the Parent Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate of a notice from a Multiemployer Plan that such action has been taken by the PBGC with respect to such Multiemployer Plan; or  

(iii)      any event, transaction or condition that could result in the incurrence of any liability by the Parent Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate for failure to comply with the provisions of Title I of ERISA or pursuant to Title IV of ERISA or the penalty or excise tax provisions of the Code relating to employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3 of ERISA), or in the imposition of any Lien on any of the rights, properties or assets of the Parent Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA or such penalty or excise tax provisions, if such liability or Lien, taken together with any other such liabilities or Liens then existing, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or  

20   

(iv)      receipt of notice of the imposition of a Material financial penalty (which for this purpose shall mean any tax, penalty or other liability, whether by way of indemnity or otherwise) with respect to one or more Non-U.S. Plans.  

(f)      Notices from Governmental Authority   -- promptly, and in any event within 30 days of receipt thereof, copies of any written notice to the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary from any Federal, national or state Governmental Authority relating to any order, ruling, statute or other law or regulation that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;  

(g)      Major Credit Facility   -- substantially concurrent with the transmission thereof, copies (unless otherwise delivered pursuant to the other provisions of this Section 7.1) of all financial statements, notices, reports and other information given by or on behalf of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries to the financial institutions party to any Major Credit Facility (excluding routine matters such as borrowing requests); and  

(h)      Requested Information   -- with reasonable promptness, such other data and information relating to the business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets or properties of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (including, but without limitation, actual copies of the Parent Guarantor s Form 10-Q and Form 10-K) or relating to the ability of the either Obligor to perform its obligations hereunder and under the Notes as from time to time may be reasonably requested by any such holder of Note.  

7.2      Officer s Certificate.  

Each set of financial statements delivered to a holder of a Note pursuant to Section 7.1(a) or Section 7.1(b) shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer setting forth (which, in the case of Electronic Delivery of any such financial statements, shall be by separate concurrent delivery of such certificate to each holder of a Note): 

(a)      Covenant Compliance   -- the information (including detailed calculations) required in order to establish whether the Parent Guarantor was in compliance with the requirements of Section 10.3, and Section 10.6 through Section 10.11, inclusive, during the quarterly or annual period covered by the statements then being furnished (including with respect to each such Section, where applicable, the calculations of the maximum or minimum amount, ratio or percentage, as the case may be, permissible under the terms of such Sections, and the calculation of the amount, ratio or percentage in existence as of the end of such period); and  

(b)      Event of Default   -- a statement that such Senior Financial Officer has reviewed the relevant terms hereof and has made, or caused to be made, under his or her supervision, a review of the transactions and conditions of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries from the beginning of the quarterly or annual period covered by the statements then being furnished to the date of the certificate and that such review shall not have disclosed the existence during such period of any condition or event that constitutes a Default or an Event of Default or, if any such condition or event existed or exists,  

21   

specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action the Parent Guarantor shall have taken or proposes to take with respect thereto. 

7.3      Visitation.  

The Parent Guarantor shall permit the representatives of each holder of a Note that is an Institutional Investor: 

(a)      No Default   -- if no Default or Event of Default then exists, at the expense of such holder and upon reasonable prior notice to the Parent Guarantor, to visit the principal executive office of the Parent Guarantor, to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries with the Parent Guarantor s officers, and (with the consent of the Parent Guarantor, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld) its independent public accountants, and (with the consent of the Parent Guarantor, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld) to visit the other offices and properties of the Parent Guarantor and each Subsidiary, all at such reasonable times and as often as may be reasonably requested in writing; and  

(b)      Default   -- if a Default or Event of Default then exists, at the expense of the Parent Guarantor to visit and inspect any of the offices or properties of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary, to examine all their respective books of account, records, reports and other papers, to make copies and extracts therefrom, and to discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective officers and independent public accountants (and by this provision the Parent Guarantor authorizes said accountants to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries), all at such times and as often as may be requested.  

8.      PAYMENT AND PREPAYMENT OF THE NOTES.  

8.1      Maturity.  

(a)      Series N Notes  .  As provided therein, the entire unpaid principal balance of the Series N Notes shall be due and payable on September 23, 2028.  

(b)      Series O Notes  .  As provided therein, the entire unpaid principal balance of the Series O Notes shall be due and payable on September 23, 2031.  

8.2      Optional Prepayments of with Make-Whole Amount.  

The Company may, at its option, upon notice as provided below, prepay at any time all, or from time to time any part of, the Notes (but, in the case of a partial prepayment, in an amount not less than  1,000,000 of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding), at 100% of the principal amount so prepaid, together with the interest so accrued to the date of prepayment, plus the applicable Make-Whole Amount determined for the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount, plus any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.11, less any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note; provided, however, that the Company may prepay all or any part of any Series (rather than all or any part of all Series) of Notes only so long as (a) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (b) such  

22   

prepayment is not in connection with any solicitation by the Parent Guarantor or the Company of any consent, waiver, amendment or other similar transaction from any holder of Notes pursuant to Section 18.  The Company will give each holder of Notes written notice of each optional prepayment under this Section 8.2 not less than 30 days and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for such prepayment.  Each such notice shall specify such date (which shall be a Business Day), the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, designated by Series, if applicable, to be prepaid on such date, the principal amount of each Note held by such holder to be prepaid (determined in accordance with Section 8.5), and the interest to be paid on the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount being prepaid, and shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer as to the estimated Make-Whole Amount due with respect to each Series of Notes in connection with such prepayment (calculated as if the date of such notice were the date of the prepayment), setting forth in each case the details of such computation.  Two Business Days prior to such prepayment, the Company shall deliver to each holder of Notes a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer specifying the calculation of such Make-Whole Amount with respect to each Series of Notes as of the specified prepayment date. 

8.3      Prepayment for Tax Reasons.  

(a)      If at any time as a result of a Change in Tax Law (as defined below) the Company is or becomes obligated to make any Additional Payments (as defined below) in respect of any payment of interest on account of any of the Notes in an aggregate amount for all affected Notes equal to 5% or more of the aggregate amount of such interest payment on account of all of the Notes, the Company may give the holders of all affected Notes irrevocable written notice (each, a    Tax Prepayment Notice   ) of the prepayment of such affected Notes on a specified prepayment date (which shall be a Business Day not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days after the date of such notice) and the circumstances giving rise to the obligation of the Company to make any Additional Payments and the amount thereof and stating that all of the affected Notes shall be prepaid on the date of such prepayment at 100% of the principal amount so prepaid together with interest accrued thereon to the date of such prepayment plus an amount equal to the Modified Make-Whole Amount for each such Note, plus any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.10, less any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note, except in the case of an affected Note if the holder of such Note shall, by written notice given to the Company no more than 20 days after receipt of the Tax Prepayment Notice, reject such prepayment of such Note (each, a    Rejection Notice   ).  Such Tax Prepayment Notice shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer as to the estimated Modified Make-Whole Amount, Net Loss or Net Gain, as applicable, with respect to any Swapped Note due in connection with such prepayment (calculated as if the date of such notice were the date of the prepayment), setting forth the details of such computation.  The form of Rejection Notice shall also accompany the Tax Prepayment Notice and shall state with respect to each Note covered thereby that execution and delivery thereof by the holder of such Note shall operate as a permanent waiver of such holder s right to receive the Additional Payments arising as a result of the circumstances described in the Tax Prepayment Notice in respect of all future payments of interest on such Note (but not of such holder s right to receive any Additional Payments that arise out of circumstances not described in the Tax Prepayment Notice or which exceed the amount of the Additional Payment described in the Tax Prepayment Notice), which waiver shall be binding upon all  

23   

subsequent transferees of such Note.  The Tax Prepayment Notice having been given as aforesaid to each holder of the affected Notes, the principal amount of such Notes together with interest accrued thereon to the date of such prepayment plus the Modified Make-Whole Amount and any Net Loss or Net Gain, as applicable, with respect to any Swapped Note shall become due and payable on such prepayment date, except in the case of Notes the holders of which shall timely give a Rejection Notice as aforesaid.  Two Business Days prior to such prepayment, the Company shall deliver to each holder of a Note being so prepaid a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer specifying the calculation of such Modified Make-Whole Amount as of such prepayment date. 

(b)      No prepayment of the Notes pursuant to this Section 8.3 shall affect the obligation of the Company to pay Additional Payments in respect of any payment made on or prior to the date of such prepayment.  For purposes of this Section 8.3, any holder of more than one affected Note may act separately with respect to each affected Note so held (with the effect that a holder of more than one affected Note may accept such offer with respect to one or more affected Notes so held and reject such offer with respect to one or more other affected Notes so held).  

(c)      The Company may not offer to prepay or prepay Notes pursuant to this Section 8.3 (i) if a Default or Event of Default then exists, (ii) until the Company shall have taken commercially reasonable steps to mitigate the requirement to make the related Additional Payments or (iii) if the obligation to make such Additional Payments directly results or resulted from actions taken by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary (other than actions required to be taken under applicable law), and any Tax Prepayment Notice given pursuant to this Section 8.3 shall certify to the foregoing and describe such mitigation steps, if any.  

(d)      For purposes of this Section 8.3:    Additional Payments    means additional amounts required to be paid to a holder of any Note pursuant to Section 13 by reason of a Change in Tax Law; and a    Change in Tax Law    means (individually or collectively with one or more prior changes) (i) an amendment to, or change in, any law, treaty, rule or regulation of The Netherlands after the date of the Closing, or an amendment to, or change in, an official interpretation or application of such law, treaty, rule or regulation after the date of the Closing, which amendment or change is in force and continuing and meets the opinion and certification requirements described below or (ii) in the case of any other jurisdiction that becomes a Taxing Jurisdiction after the date of the Closing, an amendment to, or change in, any law, treaty, rule or regulation of such jurisdiction, or an amendment to, or change in, an official interpretation or application of such law, treaty, rule or regulation, in any case after such jurisdiction shall have become a Taxing Jurisdiction, which amendment or change is in force and continuing and meets such opinion and certification requirements.  No such amendment or change shall constitute a Change in Tax Law unless the same would in the opinion of the Company (which shall be evidenced by an Officer s Certificate of the Company and supported by a written opinion of counsel having recognized expertise in the field of taxation in the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, both of which shall be delivered to all holders of the Notes prior to or concurrently with the Tax Prepayment Notice in respect of such Change in Tax Law) affect the deduction or require  

24   

the withholding of any Tax imposed by such Taxing Jurisdiction on any payment payable on the Notes. 

8.4      Prepayment in Connection with a Noteholder Sanctions Event.  

(a)      Upon the Company s receipt of notice from any Affected Noteholder that a Noteholder Sanctions Event has occurred (which notice shall refer specifically to this Section 8.4(a) and describe in reasonable detail such Noteholder Sanctions Event), the Company shall promptly, and in any event within 10 Business Days, make an offer (the    Sanctions Prepayment Offer   ) to prepay the entire unpaid principal amount of Notes held by such Affected Noteholder (the    Affected Notes   ), together with interest thereon to the prepayment date selected by the Company with respect to each Affected Note, plus any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.10, less any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note but without payment of any Make-Whole Amount or Modified Make   Whole Amount with respect thereto, which prepayment shall be on a Business Day not less than 30 days and not more than 60 days after the date of the Sanctions Prepayment Offer (the    Sanctions Prepayment Date   ).  Such Sanctions Prepayment Offer shall provide that such Affected Noteholder notify the Company in writing by a stated date (the    Sanctions Prepayment Response Date   ), which date is not later than 10 Business Days prior to the stated Sanctions Prepayment Date, of its acceptance or rejection of such prepayment offer.  If such Affected Noteholder does not notify the Company as provided above, then the holder shall be deemed to have accepted such offer.  

(b)      Subject to the provisions of subparagraphs (c) and (d) of this Section 8.4, the Company shall prepay on the Sanctions Prepayment Date the entire unpaid principal amount of the Affected Notes held by such Affected Noteholder who has accepted (or has been deemed to have accepted) such prepayment offer (in accordance with subparagraph (a)), together with interest thereon to the Sanctions Prepayment Date with respect to each such Affected Note, plus any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.10, less any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note, but without payment of any Make-Whole Amount or Modified Make-Whole Amount with respect thereto.  

(c)      If a Noteholder Sanctions Event has occurred but the Parent Guarantor and/or its Controlled Entities have taken such action(s) in relation to their activities so as to remedy such Noteholder Sanctions Event (with the effect that a Noteholder Sanctions Event no longer exists, as reasonably determined by such Affected Noteholder) prior to the Sanctions Prepayment Date, then the Company shall no longer be obliged or permitted to prepay such Affected Notes in relation to such Noteholder Sanctions Event.  If the Parent Guarantor and/or its Controlled Entities shall undertake any actions to remedy any such Noteholder Sanctions Event, the Company shall keep the holders reasonably and timely informed of such actions and the results thereof.  

(d)      If any Affected Noteholder that has given written notice to the Company of its acceptance of (or has been deemed to have accepted) the Company s prepayment offer in accordance with subparagraph (a) also gives notice to the Company prior to the relevant Sanctions Prepayment Date that it has determined (in its sole discretion) that it requires clearance from any Governmental Authority in order to receive a prepayment pursuant to  

25   

this Section 8.4, the principal amount of each Note held by such Affected Noteholder, together with interest accrued thereon to the date of prepayment, shall become due and payable on the later to occur of (but in no event later than the Maturity Date of the relevant Note) (i) such Sanctions Prepayment Date and (ii) the date that is 10 Business Days after such Affected Noteholder gives notice to the Company that it is entitled to receive a prepayment pursuant to this Section 8.4 (which may include payment to an escrow account designated by such Affected Noteholder to be held in escrow for the benefit of such Affected Noteholder until such Affected Noteholder obtains such clearance from such Governmental Authority), and in any event, any such delay in accordance with the foregoing clause (ii) shall not be deemed to give rise to any Default or Event of Default. 

(e)      Promptly, and in any event within 5 Business Days, after the Company s receipt of notice from any Affected Noteholder that a Noteholder Sanctions Event shall have occurred with respect to such Affected Noteholder, the Company shall forward a copy of such notice to each other holder of Notes.  

(f)      The Company shall promptly, and in any event within 10 Business Days, give written notice to the holders after the Parent Guarantor or any Controlled Entity having been notified that (i) its name appears or may in the future appear on a State Sanctions List or (ii) it is in violation of, or is subject to the imposition of sanctions under, any U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws, in each case which notice shall describe the facts and circumstances thereof and set forth the action, if any, that the Parent Guarantor or a Controlled Entity proposes to take with respect thereto.  

(g)      The foregoing provisions of this Section 8.4 shall be in addition to any rights or remedies available to any holder of Notes that may arise under this Agreement as a result of the occurrence of a Noteholder Sanctions Event;   provided  , that, if the Notes shall have been declared due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1 as a result of the events, conditions or actions of the Parent Guarantor or its Controlled Entities that gave rise to a Noteholder Sanctions Event, the remedies set forth in Section 12 shall control  .  

8.5      Prepayment Upon Change of Control.  

(a)      Notice of Change of Control or Control Event; Offer to Prepay if Change of Control has Occurred  .  The Parent Guarantor will, within five (5) Business Days after any Responsible Officer has knowledge of the occurrence of any Change of Control or Control Event, give written notice of such Change of Control or Control Event to each holder of Notes.  If a Change of Control has occurred, such notice shall contain and constitute an offer to prepay Notes as described in clause (b) of this Section 8.5 and shall be accompanied by the certificate described in clause (e) of this Section 8.5.  

26   

(b)      Offer to Prepay; Time for Payment  .  The offer to prepay Notes contemplated by clause (a) of this Section 8.5 shall be an offer to prepay, in accordance with and subject to this Section 8.5, all, but not less than all, of the Notes held by each holder (in the case of this Section 8.3 only,  holder  in respect of any Note registered in the name of a nominee for a disclosed beneficial owner shall mean such beneficial owner) on a date specified in such offer (the    Proposed Prepayment Date   ).  The Proposed Prepayment Date shall not be less than thirty (30) days and not more than sixty (60) days after the date of such offer (if the Proposed Prepayment Date shall not be specified in such offer, the Proposed Prepayment Date shall be the forty-fifth (45th) day after the date of such offer).  

(c)      Acceptance; Rejection  .  A holder of Notes may accept the offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 8.5 by causing a notice of such acceptance to be delivered to the Company at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the Proposed Prepayment Date.  A failure by a holder of Notes to respond to an offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 8.5, or to accept an offer as to all of the Notes held by the holder, within such time period, shall be deemed to constitute a rejection of such offer by such holder.  

(d)      Prepayment  .  Prepayment of the Notes to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 8.5 shall be at 100% of the principal amount of such Notes together with interest on such Notes accrued to the date of prepayment, plus any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.11, less any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note, but without any Make-Whole Amount or penalty or premium of any kind.  The prepayment shall be made on the Proposed Prepayment Date, except as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section 8.3.  

(e)      Deferral Pending Change of Control  . The obligation of the Parent Guarantor to prepay Notes pursuant to the offers required by paragraph (b) and accepted in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section 8.5 is subject to the occurrence of the Change of Control in respect of which such offers and acceptances shall have been made. In the event that such Change of Control does not occur on the Proposed Prepayment Date in respect thereof, the prepayment shall be deferred until and shall be made on the date on which such Change of Control occurs. The Parent Guarantor shall keep each holder of Notes reasonably and timely informed of (i) any such deferral of the date of prepayment, (ii) the date on which such Change of Control and the prepayment are expected to occur, and (iii) any determination by the Parent Guarantor that efforts to effect such Change of Control have ceased or been abandoned (in which case the offers and acceptances made pursuant to this Section 8.5 in respect of such Change of Control shall be deemed rescinded).  

(f)      Officer s Certificate  .  Each offer to prepay the Notes pursuant to this Section 8.5 shall be accompanied by a certificate, executed by a Senior Financial Officer of the Parent Guarantor and dated the date of such offer, specifying: (i) the Proposed Prepayment Date, (ii) that such offer is made pursuant to this Section 8.5, (iii) that the entire principal amount of each Note is offered to be prepaid together with any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note, but without any premium, (iv) the interest that would be due on each Note offered to be prepaid, accrued to the Proposed Prepayment Date, (v) that the conditions of this Section 8.5 required to be fulfilled prior to the giving of such notice have  

27   

been fulfilled and (vi) in reasonable detail, the nature and date or proposed date of the Change of Control. 

8.6      Prepayment in Connection with an Asset Disposition.  

(a)      Notice and Offer  .  In the event any Debt Prepayment Application is to be used at the election of the Company to make an offer (a    Transfer Prepayment Offer   ) to prepay Notes pursuant to Section 10.3 of this Agreement (a    Debt Prepayment Transfer   ), the Company will give written notice of such Debt Prepayment Transfer to each holder of Notes.  Such written notice shall contain, and such written notice shall constitute, an irrevocable offer to prepay, at the election of each holder, a portion of the Notes held by such holder equal to such holder s Ratable Portion of the Net Proceeds Amount in respect of such Debt Prepayment Transfer on a date specified in such notice (the    Transfer Prepayment Date   ) that is not less than thirty (30) days and not more than sixty (60) days after the date of such notice, together with interest on the amount to be so prepaid accrued to the Transfer Prepayment Date.  If the Transfer Prepayment Date shall not be specified in such notice, the Transfer Prepayment Date shall be the forty-fifth (45th) day after the date of such notice.  

(b)      Acceptance and Payment  .  To accept such Transfer Prepayment Offer, a holder of Notes shall cause a notice of such acceptance to be delivered to the Company not later than twenty (20) days after the date of such written notice from the Company, provided, that failure to accept such offer in writing within twenty (20) days after the date of such written notice shall be deemed to constitute a rejection of the Transfer Prepayment Offer.  If so accepted by any holder of a Note, such offered prepayment (equal to such holder s Ratable Portion of the Net Proceeds Amount in respect of such Debt Prepayment Transfer) shall be due and payable on the Transfer Prepayment Date.  Such offered prepayment shall be made at 100% of the principal amount of such Notes being so prepaid, together with interest on such principal amount then being prepaid accrued to the Transfer Prepayment Date determined as of the date of such prepayment, plus any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.11, less any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note, but without any Make-Whole Amount or penalty or premium of any kind.  The prepayment shall be made on the Transfer Prepayment Date.  

(c)      Other Terms  .  Each offer to prepay the Notes pursuant to this Section 8.6 shall be accompanied by a certificate, executed by a Senior Financial Officer of the Parent Guarantor and dated the date of such offer, specifying (i) the Transfer Prepayment Date, (ii) the Net Proceeds Amount in respect of the applicable Debt Prepayment Transfer, (iii) that such offer is being made pursuant to this Section 8.6 and Section 10.10 of this Agreement, (iv) the principal amount of each Note offered to be prepaid, (v) the interest that would be due on each Note offered to be prepaid, accrued to the Transfer Prepayment Date, and (vi) in reasonable detail, the nature of the Asset Disposition giving rise to such Debt Prepayment Transfer and certifying that no Default or Event of Default exists or would exist after giving effect to the prepayment contemplated by such offer.  

28   

8.7      Allocation of Partial Prepayments of Notes.  

In the case of each partial prepayment of the Notes pursuant to Section 8.2, the principal amount of the Notes to be prepaid shall be allocated among all of the Notes of the Series to be prepaid at the time outstanding in proportion, as nearly as practicable, to the respective unpaid principal amounts thereof not theretofore called for prepayment. 

8.8      Maturity; Surrender, etc.  

In the case of each prepayment of Notes pursuant to this Section 8, the principal amount of each Note to be prepaid shall mature and become due and payable on the date fixed for such prepayment (which shall be a Business Day), together with interest on such principal amount accrued to such date, plus any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.11, less any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note and, and the Make-Whole Amount or Modified Make-Whole Amount, if any.  From and after such date, unless the Company shall fail to pay such principal amount when so due and payable, together with the interest and Make-Whole Amount or Modified Make-Whole Amount, if any, plus any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.11, less any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note, as aforesaid, interest on such principal amount shall cease to accrue.  Any Note paid or prepaid in full shall be surrendered to the Company and cancelled and shall not be reissued, and no Note shall be issued in lieu of any prepaid principal amount of any Note. 

8.9      Purchase of Notes.  

The Parent Guarantor will not and will not permit any Affiliate to purchase, redeem, prepay or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of the outstanding Notes, except (a) upon the payment or prepayment of the Notes in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Notes or (b) pursuant to an offer to purchase made by the Parent Guarantor or an Affiliate pro rata to the holders of any Series of Notes at the time outstanding upon the same terms and conditions; provided that the Parent Guarantor may only make an offer to purchase an individual Series of Notes (rather than all Notes) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and such prepayment is not in connection with any solicitation by the Parent Guarantor of any consent, waiver, amendment or similar transaction from any holder of Notes pursuant to Section 18.  Any such offer shall provide each holder of such Series with sufficient information to enable it to make an informed decision with respect to such offer, and shall remain open for at least fifteen (15) Business Days.  If the holders of more than 30% of the principal amount of the Notes of such Series then outstanding accept such offer, the Parent Guarantor shall promptly notify the remaining holders of such Series of such fact and the expiration date of such offer shall be extended by the number of days necessary to give each such remaining holder of such Series at least five (5) Business Days from its receipt of such notice to accept such offer.  The Company will promptly cancel all Notes of such Series acquired by it or any Affiliate pursuant to any payment, prepayment or purchase of Notes of such Series pursuant to any provision of this Agreement and no Notes may be issued in substitution or exchange for any such Notes. 

29   

8.10      Make-Whole Amount and Modified Make-Whole Amount.  

(a)      Make-Whole Amount and Modified Make-Whole Amount with respect to Non-Swapped Notes  .  The terms    Make-Whole Amount    and    Modified Make-Whole Amount    mean, with respect to any Non-Swapped Note, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Discounted Value of the Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to the Called Principal of such Non-Swapped Note, over the amount of such Called Principal,   provided   that neither the Make-Whole Amount nor the Modified Make-Whole Amount may in any event be less than zero.  For the purposes of determining the Make-Whole Amount and Modified Make-Whole Amount with respect to any Non-Swapped Note, the following terms have the following meanings:  

Called Principal    means, with respect to any Non-Swapped Note, the principal of such Non-Swapped Note that is to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 8 or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires. 

Discounted Value    means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Non-Swapped Note, the amount obtained by discounting all Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to such Called Principal from their respective scheduled due dates to the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, in accordance with accepted financial practice and at a discount factor (applied on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on such Non-Swapped Note is payable) equal to the Reinvestment Yield with respect to such Called Principal. 

Implied Rate Euro Yield    means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Non-Swapped Note, the yield to maturity implied by (i) the ask-side yields reported, as of 10:00 A.M. (New York time) on the second Business Day preceding the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, on the display designated as  Page PXGE  on Bloomberg Financial Markets (or such other display as may replace  Page PXGE  on Bloomberg Financial Markets) for the benchmark German Bund having a maturity equal to the Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal as of such Settlement Date, or (ii) if such yields are not reported as of such time or the yields reported are not ascertainable, the average of the ask-side yields as determined by Recognized German Bund Market Makers.  Such implied yield will be determined, if necessary, by (a) converting quotations to bond-equivalent yields in accordance with accepted financial practice and (b) interpolating linearly between (1) the benchmark German Bund with the maturity closest to and greater than the Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal and (2) the benchmark German Bund with the maturity closest to and less than the Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal. The Implied Rate Euro Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the interest rate of the applicable Non-Swapped Note. 

Non-Swapped Note    means any Note other than a Swapped Note. 

30   

Recognized German Bund Market Makers    means two internationally recognized dealers of German Bunds reasonably selected by the Required Holders (exclusive of Notes then owned by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Affiliates and any Notes held by parties who are contractually required to abstain from voting with respect to matters affecting the holders of the Notes). 

Reinvestment Yield    means the Applicable Percentage plus the Implied Rate Euro Yield.  The Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the interest rate of the applicable Non-Swapped Note. 

Remaining Average Life    means, with respect to any Called Principal, the number of years obtained by dividing (i) such Called Principal into (ii) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the principal component of each Remaining Scheduled Payment with respect to such Called Principal by (b) the number of years, computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months and calculated to two decimal places, that will elapse between the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal and the scheduled due date of such Remaining Scheduled Payment. 

Remaining Scheduled Payments       means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Non-Swapped Note, all payments of such Called Principal and interest thereon that would be due after the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal if no payment of such Called Principal were made prior to its scheduled due date,   provided   that if such Settlement Date is not a date on which interest payments are due to be made under such Non-Swapped Note, then the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued to such Settlement Date and required to be paid on such Settlement Date pursuant to this Section 8 or Section 12.1  . 

Settlement Date       means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Non-Swapped Note, the date on which such Called Principal is to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 8 or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires. 

(b)      Make-Whole Amount and Modified Make-Whole Amount with respect to Swapped Notes  .    The terms    Make-Whole Amount    and    Modified Make-Whole Amount    mean, with respect to any Swapped Note, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Swapped Note Discounted Value with respect to the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount related to such Swapped Note over such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount,   provided   that neither the Make-Whole Amount nor the Modified Make-Whole Amount may in any event be less than zero.  All payments of Make-Whole Amount and Modified Make-Whole Amount in respect of any Swapped Note shall be made in Dollars.  For the purposes of determining the Make-Whole Amount and/or Modified Make-Whole Amount, Net Loss, Net Gain or Swap Breakage Amount with respect to any Swapped Note, the following terms have the following meanings:  

31   

New Swap Agreement    means any cross-currency swap agreement pursuant to which the holder of a Swapped Note is to receive payment in Dollars and which is entered into in full or partial replacement of an Original Swap Agreement as a result of such Original Swap Agreement having terminated for any reason other than a non-scheduled prepayment or a repayment of such Swapped Note prior to its scheduled maturity.  The terms of a New Swap Agreement with respect to any Swapped Note do not have to be identical to those of the Original Swap Agreement with respect to such Swapped Note.  Any holder of a Swapped Note that enters into, assumes or terminates a New Swap Agreement shall within a reasonable period of time thereafter deliver to the Company a copy of the confirmation, assumption, novation or termination related thereto. 

Original Swap Agreement    means, with respect to any Swapped Note, (x) a cross-currency swap agreement and annexes and schedules thereto (an    Initial Swap Agreement   ) that is entered into on an arm s length basis by the original purchaser of such Swapped Note (or any affiliate thereof) in connection with the execution of this Agreement and the purchase of such Swapped Note and relates to the scheduled payments by the Company of interest and principal on such Swapped Note, under which the holder of such Swapped Note is to receive payments from the counterparty thereunder in Dollars and which is more particularly described on Schedule 8.10 hereto, (y) any Initial Swap Agreement that has been assumed by or novated to (without any waiver, amendment, deletion or replacement of any material economic term or provision thereof) a holder of a Swapped Note in connection with a transfer of such Swapped Note and (z) any Replacement Swap Agreement; and a    Replacement Swap Agreement    means, with respect to any Swapped Note, a cross-currency swap agreement and annexes and schedules thereto with payment terms and provisions (other than a reduction in notional amount, if applicable) identical to those of the Initial Swap Agreement with respect to such Swapped Note that is entered into on an arm s length basis by the holder of such Swapped Note in full or partial replacement (by amendment, modification or otherwise) of such Initial Swap Agreement (or any subsequent Replacement Swap Agreement) in a notional amount not exceeding the outstanding principal amount of such Swapped Note following a non-scheduled prepayment or a repayment of such Swapped Note prior to its scheduled maturity.  Any holder of a Swapped Note that enters into, assumes or terminates an Initial Swap Agreement or Replacement Swap Agreement shall within a reasonable period of time thereafter deliver to the Company a copy of the confirmation, assumption, novation or termination related thereto. 

Swap Agreement    means, with respect to any Swapped Note, an Original Swap Agreement or a New Swap Agreement, as the case may be. 

Swapped Note    means any Note that as of the date of the Closing for such Note is subject to a Swap Agreement.  A  Swapped Note  shall no longer be deemed a  Swapped Note  at such time as the related Swap Agreement ceases to be in force in respect thereof. 

32   

Swapped Note Called Notional Amount    means, with respect to any Swapped Note Called Principal of any Swapped Note, the payment in Dollars due to the holder of such Swapped Note under the terms of the Swap Agreement to which such holder is a party, attributable to and in exchange for such Swapped Note Called Principal and assuming that such Swapped Note Called Principal is paid on its scheduled maturity date,   provided   that if such Swap Agreement is not an Initial Swap Agreement, then the  Swapped Note Called Notional Amount  in respect of such Swapped Note shall not exceed the amount in Dollars which would have been due to the holder of such Swapped Note under the terms of the Initial Swap Agreement to which such holder was a party (or if such holder was never party to an Initial Swap Agreement, then the last Initial Swap Agreement to which the most recent predecessor in interest to such holder as a holder of such Swapped Note was a party), attributable to and in exchange for such Swapped Note Called Principal and assuming that such Swapped Note Called Principal is paid on its scheduled maturity date. 

Swapped Note Called Principal    means, with respect to any Swapped Note, the principal of such Swapped Note that is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 8 or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires. 

Swapped Note Discounted Value    means, with respect to the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount of any Swapped Note that is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 8 or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires, the amount obtained by discounting all Swapped Note Remaining Scheduled Swap Payments corresponding to the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount of such Swapped Note from their respective scheduled due dates to the Swapped Note Settlement Date with respect to such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount, in accordance with accepted financial practice and at a discount factor (applied on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on such Swapped Note is payable) equal to the Swapped Note Reinvestment Yield with respect to such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount. 

Swapped Note Reinvestment Yield    means, with respect to the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount of any Swapped Note, the sum of (x) the Applicable Percentage plus (y) the yield to maturity implied by the  Ask Yield(s)  reported as of 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second Business Day preceding the Swapped Note Settlement Date with respect to such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount, on the display designated as  Page PX1  (or such other display as may replace Page PX1) on Bloomberg Financial Markets for the most recently issued actively traded on-the-run U.S. Treasury securities (   Reported   ) having a maturity equal to the Swapped Note Remaining Average Life of such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount as of such Swapped Note Settlement Date.  If there are no such U.S. Treasury securities Reported having a maturity equal to such Swapped Note Remaining Average Life, then such implied yield to maturity will be determined by (a) converting U.S. Treasury bill quotations to bond equivalent yields in  

33   

accordance with accepted financial practice and (b) interpolating linearly between the  Ask Yield(s)  Reported for the applicable most recently issued actively traded on-the-run U.S. Treasury securities with the maturities (1) closest to and greater than such Swapped Note Remaining Average Life and (2) closest to and less than such Swapped Note Remaining Average Life. 

If such yields are not Reported or the yields Reported as of such time are not ascertainable (including by way of interpolation), then  Swapped Note Reinvestment Yield  means, with respect to the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount of any Swapped Note, the sum of (x) the Applicable Percentage plus (y) the yield to maturity implied by the U.S. Treasury constant maturity yields reported, for the latest day for which such yields have been so reported as of the second Business Day preceding the Swapped Note Settlement Date with respect to such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount, in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (or any comparable successor publication) for the U.S. Treasury constant maturity having a term equal to the Swapped Note Remaining Average Life of such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount as of such Swapped Note Settlement Date.  If there is no such U.S. Treasury constant maturity having a term equal to such Swapped Note Remaining Average Life, such implied yield to maturity will be determined by interpolating linearly between (1) the U.S. Treasury constant maturity so reported with the term closest to and greater than such Swapped Note Remaining Average Life and (2) the U.S. Treasury constant maturity so reported with the term closest to and less than such Swapped Note Remaining Average Life. 

The Swapped Note Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the interest rate of the applicable Swapped Note. 

Swapped Note Remaining Average Life    means, with respect to any Swapped Note Called Notional Amount, the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth year) obtained by dividing (x) such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount into (y) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (1) the principal component of each Swapped Note Remaining Scheduled Swap Payment with respect to such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount by (2) the number of years, computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months and calculated to two decimal places, that will elapse between the Swapped Note Settlement Date with respect to such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount and the scheduled due date of such Swapped Note Remaining Scheduled Swap Payments. 

Swapped Note Remaining Scheduled Swap Payments    means, with respect to the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount relating to any Swapped Note, the payments due to the holder of such Swapped Note in Dollars under the terms of the Swap Agreement to which such holder is a party which correspond to all payments of the Swapped Note Called Principal of such Swapped Note corresponding to such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount and interest on such Swapped Note Called Principal (other than that portion of the payment due under such Swap Agreement corresponding to the interest accrued on the Swapped Note  

34   

Called Principal to the Swapped Note Settlement Date) that would be due after the Swapped Note Settlement Date in respect of such Swapped Note Called Notional Amount assuming that no payment of such Swapped Note Called Principal is made prior to its originally scheduled payment date,   provided   that if such Swapped Note Settlement Date is not a date on which an interest payment is due to be made under the terms of such Swapped Note, then the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued to such Swapped Note Settlement Date and required to be paid on such Swapped Note Settlement Date pursuant to Section 8 or Section 12.1. 

Swapped Note Settlement Date    means, with respect to the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount of any Swapped Note Called Principal of any Swapped Note, the date on which such Swapped Note Called Principal is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 8 or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires. 

8.11      Swap Breakage.  

If any Swapped Note is prepaid pursuant to Section 8.2, Section 8.3, Section 8.4, Section 8.5, Section 8.6 or purchased pursuant to Section 8.9, or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, then (a) any resulting Net Loss in connection therewith shall be reimbursed to the holder of such Swapped Note by the Company in Dollars upon any such prepayment or repayment of such Swapped Note and (b) any resulting Net Gain in connection therewith shall be deducted (i) from the Make-Whole Amount or Modified Make-Whole Amount, if any, or any principal or interest to be paid to the holder of such Swapped Note by the Company upon any such prepayment of such Swapped Note pursuant to Section 8.2, Section 8.3, Section 8.4 Section 8.5, Section 8.6 or purchase pursuant to Section 8.9 or (ii) from the Make-Whole Amount or Modified Make-Whole Amount, if any, to be paid to the holder of such Swapped Note by the Company upon any such repayment of such Swapped Note pursuant to Section 12.1, provided that, in either case, the Make-Whole Amount or Modified Make-Whole Amount, as applicable, in respect of such Swapped Note may in no event be less than zero.  Each holder of a Swapped Note shall be responsible for calculating its own Net Loss or Net Gain, as the case may be, and Swap Breakage Amount in Dollars upon the prepayment or repayment of all or any portion of such Swapped Note, and such calculations as reported to the Company in reasonable detail shall be binding on the Company absent demonstrable error.  Each holder of a Swapped Note agrees that two Business Days prior to any prepayment of such Swapped Note pursuant to Section 8.2, Section 8.3, Section 8.4, Section 8.5 or Section 8.6 or any purchase of such Swapped Note pursuant to Section 8.9, such holder will notify the Company of the estimated Net Loss or Net Gain, as the case may be, and Swap Breakage Amount in Dollars due in connection with such prepayment or purchase (calculated as if the date of such notice were the date of the prepayment or purchase). 

As used in this Agreement with respect to any Swapped Note that is prepaid or accelerated:    Net Loss    means the amount, if any, by which the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount exceeds the sum of (x) the Swapped Note Called Principal plus (or minus in the case of an amount paid) (y) the Swap Breakage Amount received (or paid) by the holder of such Swapped Note; and    Net Gain    means the amount, if any, by which the Swapped Note Called Notional Amount is  

35   

exceeded by the sum of (x) the Swapped Note Called Principal plus (or minus in the case of an amount paid) (y) the Swap Breakage Amount received (or paid) by such holder.  For purposes of any determination of any  Net Loss  or  Net Gain,  the Swapped Note Called Principal shall be determined by the holder of the affected Swapped Note by converting Euros into Dollars at the current Euro/Dollar exchange rate, in each case, as determined as of 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the day such Swapped Note is prepaid or accelerated as indicated on the applicable screen of Bloomberg Financial Markets or the Reuters Screen, respectively, and any such calculation shall be reported to the Company in reasonable detail and shall be binding on the Company absent demonstrable error. 

As used in this Agreement,    Swap Breakage Amount    means, with respect to the Swap Agreement associated with any Swapped Note, in determining the Net Loss or Net Gain, the Dollar amount that would be received (in which case the Swap Breakage Amount shall be positive) or paid (in which case the Swap Breakage Amount shall be negative) by the holder of such Swapped Note as if such Swap Agreement had terminated due to the occurrence of an event of default or an early termination under the ISDA 1992 Multi-Currency Cross Border Master Agreement or ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, as applicable (the  ISDA Master Agreement ); provided, however, that if such holder (or its predecessor in interest with respect to such Swapped Note) was, but is not at the time, a party to an Original Swap Agreement but is a party to a New Swap Agreement, then the Swap Breakage Amount shall mean the lesser of (x) the gain or loss (if any) which would have been received or incurred (by payment, through off-set or netting or otherwise) by the holder of such Swapped Note under the terms of the Original Swap Agreement (if any) in respect of such Swapped Note to which such holder (or any affiliate thereof) was a party (or if such holder was never a party to an Original Swap Agreement, then the last Original Swap Agreement to which the most recent predecessor in interest to such holder as a holder of a Swapped Note was a party) and which would have arisen as a result of the payment of the Swapped Note Called Principal on the Swapped Note Settlement Date and (y) the gain or loss (if any) actually received or incurred by the holder of such Swapped Note, in connection with the payment of such Swapped Note Called Principal on the Swapped Note Settlement Date, under the terms of the New Swap Agreement to which such holder (or any affiliate thereof) is a party.  The holder of such Swapped Note will make all calculations related to the Swap Breakage Amount in good faith and in accordance with its customary practices for calculating such amounts under the ISDA Master Agreement pursuant to which such Swap Agreement shall have been entered into and assuming for the purpose of such calculation that there are no other transactions entered into pursuant to such ISDA Master Agreement (other than such Swap Agreement). 

The Swap Breakage Amount shall be payable in Dollars. 

8.12      Interest Rate.  

Each Note shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof at the Applicable Rate for such Note and such interest shall be payable as set forth in the applicable Note until the principal amount of such Note in respect of which such interest shall have accrued shall become due and payable, all as more particularly set forth in such Note. 

36   

9.      AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS.  

The Parent Guarantor and the Company jointly and severally covenant that so long as any of the Notes are outstanding: 

9.1      Compliance with Law.  

Without limiting Section 10.5, the Obligors will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, ordinances or governmental rules or regulations to which each of them is subject, including, without limitation, ERISA, the USA Patriot Act, Environmental Laws and the other laws and regulations that are referred to in Section 5.16, and will obtain and maintain in effect all licenses, certificates, permits, franchises and other governmental authorizations necessary to the ownership of their respective properties or to the conduct of their respective businesses, in each case, to the extent necessary to ensure that non-compliance with such laws, ordinances or governmental rules or regulations or failures to obtain or maintain in effect such licenses, certificates, permits, franchises and other governmental authorizations could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.2      Insurance.  

The Obligors will, and will cause each of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance with respect to their respective properties and businesses against such casualties and contingencies, of such types, on such terms and in such amounts (including deductibles, co-insurance and self-insurance, if adequate reserves are maintained with respect thereto) as is customary in the case of entities of established reputations engaged in the same or a similar business and similarly situated. 

9.3      Maintenance of Properties.  

The Obligors will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, maintain and keep, or cause to be maintained and kept, their respective properties in good repair, working order and condition (other than ordinary wear and tear), so that the business carried on in connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times, provided that this Section 9.3 shall not prevent either Obligor or any Subsidiary from discontinuing the operation and the maintenance of any of its properties if such discontinuance is desirable in the conduct of its business and the Obligors has concluded that such discontinuance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.4      Payment of Taxes and Claims.  

The Obligors will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, file all tax returns required to be filed in any jurisdiction and to pay and discharge all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns and all other taxes, assessments, governmental charges, or levies imposed on them or any of their properties, assets, income or franchises, to the extent the same have become due and payable and before they have become delinquent and all claims for which sums have become due and payable that have or might become a Lien on properties or assets of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary, provided that (a) neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Subsidiary need pay any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim if the amount, applicability or validity thereof is  

37   

contested by the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary on a timely basis in good faith and in appropriate proceedings, and the Parent Guarantor or a Subsidiary has established adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP on the books of the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary or (b) neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Subsidiary need file any such tax return or pay any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim if the nonfiling of such tax returns and the nonpayment of all such taxes, assessments, charges and levies in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.5      Corporate Existence, etc.  

Subject to Section 10.2, the Obligors will at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect their respective corporate existence.  Subject to Sections 10.2 and 10.3, the Parent Guarantor will at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect the corporate existence of each of its Subsidiaries (unless merged into the Parent Guarantor or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary) and all rights and franchises of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries unless, in the good faith judgment of the Parent Guarantor, the termination of or failure to preserve and keep in full force and effect such corporate existence, right or franchise could not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.6      Books and Records.  

The Obligors will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books of record and account in conformity with GAAP and all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having legal or regulatory jurisdiction over the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 

9.7      Ranking of Obligations.  

The Company will ensure that its payment obligations under this Agreement and the Notes will at all times rank at least pari passu, without preference or priority, with all other unsecured unsubordinated Indebtedness of the Company.  The Parent Guarantor will ensure that its payment obligations under this Agreement will at all times rank at least pari passu, without preference or priority, with all other unsecured unsubordinated Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor.  The Parent Guarantor will ensure that each Subsidiary Guarantor s payment obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement will at all times rank at least pari passu, without preference or priority, with all other unsecured unsubordinated Indebtedness of such Subsidiary Guarantor. 

9.8      Guaranty by Subsidiaries; Liens.  

(a)      If at any time, pursuant to the terms and conditions of any Major Credit Facility, any existing or newly acquired or formed Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor becomes obligated as a guarantor or obligor under such Major Credit Facility, the Parent Guarantor will, at its sole cost and expense, cause such Subsidiary to concurrently therewith become a Subsidiary Guarantor in respect of this Agreement and the Notes, and within ten (10) Business Days thereafter will deliver to each of the holders of the Notes the following items:  

38   

(i)      an executed supplement to the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement in the form of Exhibit A thereto (a    Guaranty Supplement   );  

(ii)      such documents and evidence with respect to such Subsidiary as the Required Holders may reasonably request in order to establish the existence and good standing of such Subsidiary and the authorization of the transactions contemplated by such Guaranty Supplement;  

(iii)      an opinion of counsel to the Parent Guarantor and such Subsidiary in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Holders to the effect that (x) such Guaranty Supplement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such Subsidiary, (y) the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement as supplemented by such Guaranty Supplement constitutes the legal, valid and binding contract and agreement of such Subsidiary, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as enforcement of such terms may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general equitable principles) and (z) the execution, delivery and performance by such Subsidiary of such Guaranty Supplement do not (A) violate any law, rule or regulation applicable to such Subsidiary, or (B) (1) conflict with or result in any breach of any of the provisions of or constitute a default under or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien not permitted by Section 10.6 or (2) conflict with or result in any breach of any of the provisions of or constitute a default under (I) the provisions of the charter, bylaws, certificate of formation, operating agreement or other constitutive documents of such Subsidiary, or (II) any agreement or other instrument to which such Subsidiary is a party or by which such Subsidiary may be bound; and  

(iv)      with respect to any Subsidiary Guarantor organized outside the United States of America, evidence of the acceptance by Process Agent of the appointment of designation, as such Subsidiary Guarantors  agent to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process, for the period from the date of such Subsidiary Guaranty to 1 year after the latest maturity of the Notes (and the payment in full of all fees in respect thereof).  

(b)      If at any time, pursuant to the terms and conditions of all of the Major Credit Facilities, any Subsidiary Guarantor is discharged and released from its Guaranty of Indebtedness under all of the Major Credit Facilities and (i) such Subsidiary Guarantor is not a co-obligor under any of the Major Credit Facilities and (ii) the Parent Guarantor will have delivered to each holder of Notes an Officer s Certificate certifying that (x) the condition specified in clause (i) above has been satisfied and (y) immediately preceding the release of such Subsidiary Guarantor from the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default will have existed or would exist, then, upon receipt by the holders of Notes of such Officer s Certificate, such Subsidiary Guarantor will be discharged and released, automatically and without the need for any further action, from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement; provided that, if in connection with any release of a Subsidiary Guarantor from its Guaranty of Indebtedness under any Major Credit Facility any fee or other consideration (excluding,  

39   

for the avoidance of doubt, any repayment of the principal or interest under any Major Credit Facility in connection with such release) is paid or given to any holder of Indebtedness under such Major Credit Facility in connection with such release, each holder of a Note shall receive equivalent consideration on a pro rata basis in connection with such Subsidiary Guarantor s release from the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement.  Without limiting the foregoing, for purposes of further assurance, each of the holders of the Notes agrees to provide to the Parent Guarantor and such Subsidiary Guarantor, if reasonably requested by the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary Guarantor and at the Parent Guarantor s expense, written evidence of such discharge and release signed by such holder. 

(c)      If at any time, pursuant to the terms and conditions of any Major Credit Facility, the   Parent Guarantor   or any of its Subsidiaries are required to or elect to grant Liens on any of their assets to secure the Indebtedness evidenced by such Major Credit Facility, the   Parent Guarantor   will, at its sole cost and expense, grant, or cause such Subsidiary to grant, Liens on such assets in favor of the holders of the Notes (or in favor of a collateral agent reasonably acceptable to the Required Holders for the benefit of the holders of the Notes), and within ten (10) Business Days thereafter will deliver to each of the holders of the Notes the following items:  

(i)      such security documents as the Required Holders deem reasonably necessary or advisable to grant to the holders of Notes (or such collateral agent for the benefit of the holders of Notes) a perfected first priority security interest to (or for the benefit of) the holders of Notes;  

(ii)      such documents and evidence with respect to such Liens as the Required Holders may reasonably request in order to establish the existence and priority of such Liens and the authorization of the transactions contemplated by such security documents; and  

(iii)      an opinion of counsel to the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Holders to the effect that (x) such security documents have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary, (y) such security documents constitute the legal, valid and binding contract and agreement of the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary, enforceable in accordance with their terms (except as enforcement of such terms may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general equitable principles) and (z) the execution, delivery and performance by the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary of such security documents do not violate (A) any law, rule or regulation applicable to the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary, or (B)(1) conflict with or result in any breach of any of the provisions of or constitute a default under or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien not permitted by Section 10.6 or (2) conflict with or result in any breach of any of the provisions of or constitute a default under (I) the provisions of the charter, bylaws, certificate of formation, operating agreement or other constitutive documents of the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary, or (II) any  

40   

agreement or other instrument to which the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary is a party or by which such Subsidiary may be bound; 

(d)      If at any time, pursuant to the terms and conditions of any Major Credit Facility, Liens granted by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary are released under all of the Major Credit Facilities and the Parent Guarantor will have delivered to each holder of Notes an Officer s Certificate certifying that immediately preceding the release of such Liens and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default will have existed or would exist, then, upon receipt by the holders of Notes of such Officer s Certificate, such Liens in favor of the holders of Notes will be discharged and released, automatically and without the need for any further action; provided that, if in connection with any release of such Liens under any Major Credit Facility any fee or other consideration (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any repayment of the principal or interest under any Major Credit Facility in connection with such release) is paid or given to any holder of Indebtedness under such Major Credit Facility in connection with such release, each holder of a Note shall receive equivalent consideration on a pro rata basis in connection with such release of Liens securing the Indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement and the Notes.  Without limiting the foregoing, for purposes of further assurance, each of the holders of the Notes agrees to provide to the Parent Guarantor, if reasonably requested by the Parent Guarantor and at the Parent Guarantor s expense, written evidence of such discharge and release signed by such holder (or the collateral agent appointed by the holders of Notes).  

9.9      Intercreditor Agreement.  

If at any time, pursuant to the terms and conditions of any Major Credit Facility, (a) Subsidiaries of the Parent Guarantor are required to provide a Guaranty of the Parent Guarantor s Indebtedness under such Major Credit Facility and such Subsidiaries are required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor in respect of this Agreement and the Notes or (b) the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries are required to grant Liens on any of their assets to secure the Indebtedness evidenced by any Major Credit Facility or any guaranty thereof, and the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiaries are required to grant Liens to secure the Indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement and the Notes, then the Parent Guarantor will, concurrently with the execution thereof or the granting of such Guaranties and/or Liens, cause the lenders under such Major Credit Facility to enter into, and the holders of Notes hereby agree to enter into, an intercreditor agreement in form and substance (including, without limitation, as to the sharing of recoveries and set offs) reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders (the    Intercreditor Agreement   ) with the holders of Notes, or enter into a joinder agreement to such Intercreditor Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders (it being acknowledged and agreed that the Second Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement is in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Holders with respect to the granting of Guaranties).  Within ten (10) Business Days following the execution of any such Intercreditor Agreement (or any joinder thereto), the Parent Guarantor will deliver an executed copy thereof to each holder of Notes. 

10.      NEGATIVE COVENANTS.  

The Parent Guarantor and the Company jointly and severally covenant that so long as any of the Notes are outstanding: 

41   

10.1      Transactions with Affiliates.  

The Parent Guarantor will not and will not permit any Subsidiary to enter into directly or indirectly any Material transaction or group of related transactions which collectively are Material (including without limitation the purchase, lease, sale or exchange of properties of any kind or the rendering of any service) with any Affiliate (other than the Parent Guarantor or another Subsidiary), except in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the Parent Guarantor s or such Subsidiary s business and, in each case, upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary than would be obtainable in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate. 

10.2      Merger, Consolidation, etc.  

Neither Obligor will, and will not permit any of their Subsidiaries to, consolidate with or merge with any other Person or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its assets in a single transaction or series of transactions to any Person (except that, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, a Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor (other than the Company) may (x) consolidate with or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its assets in a single transaction or series of transactions to, the Parent Guarantor or another Subsidiary, so long as in each case involving a Subsidiary Guarantor, the survivor of such merger or consolidation or the transferee of such assets shall have assumed such Subsidiary Guarantor s obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement (and to the extent the Subsidiary Guarantor is not the survivor or transferee, the Parent Guarantor shall cause the successor thereto to comply with clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 10.2 as if the Successor Company (as defined below) were the successor to such Subsidiary Guarantor) and (y) convey, transfer or lease all of its assets in compliance with the provisions of Section 10.3), provided that the foregoing restriction does not apply to the consolidation or merger of the Parent Guarantor or the Company with, or the conveyance, transfer or lease of substantially all of the assets of the Parent Guarantor or the Company in a single transaction or series of transactions to, any Person so long as: 

(a)      the successor formed by such consolidation or the survivor of such merger or the Person that acquires by conveyance, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the assets of such Obligor as an entirety, as the case may be (the    Successor Company   ), will (i) in respect of the Parent Guarantor, be a solvent corporation or limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia and (ii) in respect of the Company be a solvent corporation or limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia or any other Permitted Jurisdiction;  

(b)      if an Obligor is not the Successor Company, (i) such Successor Company will have executed and delivered to each holder of Notes its assumption of the due and punctual performance and observance of each covenant and condition of this Agreement and the Notes (pursuant to such agreements and instruments as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders), (ii) the Parent Guarantor will have caused to be delivered to each holder of Notes an opinion of internationally recognized independent counsel in the appropriate jurisdiction, or other independent counsel reasonably  

42   

satisfactory to the Required Holders, to the effect that all agreements or instruments effecting such assumption are enforceable in accordance with their terms (except as enforcement of such terms may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general equitable principles); and (iii) in respect of the Company, to the extent such Successor Corporation is organized outside the United States of America, such corporation or limited liability company shall have provided to the holders evidence of the acceptance by Process Agent of the appointment and designation provided for by Section 24.8(e) for the period of time from the date of such transaction to 1 year after the latest maturity of the Notes (and the payment in full of all fees in respect thereof); 

(c)      immediately after giving effect to such transaction:  

(i)      no Default or Event of Default would exist, and  

(ii)      the Successor Company would be permitted by the provisions of Section 10.8 hereof to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness (determined on a   pro     forma   basis based upon EBITDA for the four (4) fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements have been provided to holders of Notes); and  

(d)      each Subsidiary Guarantor confirms in writing its obligations under and pursuant to the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement;  

provided  , however, that no such conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the assets of the Parent Guarantor or the Company will have the effect of releasing the Parent Guarantor or the Company (or any Successor Company) from its liability under this Agreement or the Notes, or of releasing any Subsidiary Guarantor (or any successor) from its liability under the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement. 

10.3      Sale of Assets.  

Except as permitted under Section 10.2, the Parent Guarantor will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Asset Disposition unless: 

(a)      in the good faith opinion of the Parent Guarantor, the Asset Disposition is in exchange for consideration having a Fair Market Value at least equal to that of the property exchanged and is in the best interest of the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary; and  

(b)      immediately after giving effect to the Asset Disposition, no Default or Event of Default would exist and the Parent Guarantor would be permitted by the provisions of Section 10.8 hereof to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness (determined on a   pro     forma   basis based upon EBITDA for the four (4) fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements have been provided to holders of Notes); and  

(c)      immediately after giving effect to the Asset Disposition, the Disposition Value of all property that was the subject of any Asset Disposition occurring during the  

43   

then current fiscal year of the Parent Guarantor, would not exceed an amount equal to 15% of Consolidated Total Assets determined as of the end of the then most recently ended fiscal year of the Parent Guarantor. 

If the Net Proceeds Amount from any Transfer is applied to a Debt Prepayment Application or a Property Reinvestment Application within 365 days after such Transfer, then such Transfer, only for the purpose of determining compliance with subsection (c) of this Section 10.3 as of any date, shall be deemed not to be an Asset Disposition as of the date of such application. 

10.4      Line of Business.  

The Parent Guarantor will not and will not permit any Subsidiary to engage in any business if, as a result, the general nature of the business in which the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, would then be engaged would be substantially changed from the general nature of the business in which the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are engaged on the date of this Agreement as described in the Investor Presentation. 

10.5      Terrorism Sanctions Regulations.  

The Parent Guarantor will not and will not permit any Controlled Entity (a) to become (including by virtue of being owned or controlled by a Blocked Person), own or control a Blocked Person or any Person that is the target  of sanctions imposed by the United Nations or by the European Union, or (b) directly or indirectly to have any investment in or engage in any dealing or transaction (including, without limitation, any investment, dealing or transaction involving the proceeds of the Notes) with any Person if such investment, dealing or transaction (i) would cause any holder to be in violation of any law or regulation applicable to such holder, or (ii) is prohibited by or subject to sanctions under any U.S. Economic Sanctions applicable to the Parent Guarantor or such Controlled Entity, except, in the case of this clause (b), to the extent that such violation or sanctions, if imposed, could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

10.6      Liens.  

The Parent Guarantor will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) any Lien on or with respect to any property or asset (including, without limitation, any document or instrument in respect of goods or accounts receivable) of the Parent Guarantor or any such Subsidiary, whether now owned or held or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, except: 

(a)      Permitted Liens; and  

(b)      Liens in addition to those permitted by clause (a) of this Section 10.6, provided that at the time of incurrence of such other Liens and after giving effect thereto, (i) the total amount of Indebtedness secured by Liens pursuant to this clause (b) at no time exceeds an amount equal to 15% of Consolidated Net Worth and (ii) the Parent Guarantor is in compliance with the terms of Section 10.9.  

44   

10.7      Minimum Consolidated Net Worth.  

The Parent Guarantor will not permit its Consolidated Net Worth at any time to be less than the sum of (a) $1,046,619,000 plus (b) an aggregate amount equal to 50% of its Consolidated Net Earnings (but, in each case, only if a positive number) for each completed fiscal year beginning with the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 

10.8      Maximum Leverage Ratio.  

The Parent Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries will not permit the ratio (the  Leverage Ratio ) of (a) Net Indebtedness to (b) EBITDA to be greater than (x) 4.0 to 1.0 during any Material Acquisition Period or (y) 3.5 to 1.0 at any other time.  The Leverage Ratio will be calculated, in each case, determined as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Parent Guarantor based upon (i) for Net Indebtedness, Net Indebtedness as of the last day of such fiscal quarter; and (ii) for EBITDA, the actual amount for the four (4) fiscal quarter period ending on such date. 

10.9      Priority Debt.  

The Parent Guarantor will not at any time permit Priority Debt to exceed 25% of Consolidated Net Worth (determined as of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Parent Guarantor). 

10.10      Subsidiary Debt.  

The Parent Guarantor will not at any time permit any Subsidiary (other than the Company) to, create, incur, assume, guaranty, permit to exist or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly liable with respect to any Indebtedness other than: 

(a)      Indebtedness of a Subsidiary outstanding as of June 30, 2016 as described on   Schedule 5.15   and any extension, renewal or refunding thereof if the principal amount thereof is not increased in connection with such extension, renewal or refunding;  

(b)      Indebtedness of a Subsidiary owed to the Parent Guarantor or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary;  

(c)      Guaranties by a Subsidiary of Indebtedness of another Subsidiary that is otherwise permitted under the terms of this Agreement;  

(d)      Indebtedness evidenced by (i) any Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement (as the same may be supplemented from time to time by any Guaranty Supplement) or (ii) any Guaranty of any Major Credit Facility so long as such Subsidiary has executed and delivered a Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement and the Parent Guarantor has complied with the provisions of Section 9.8 and Section 9.9;  

(e)      Indebtedness of a Subsidiary in connection with a Permitted Receivables Securitization program permitted pursuant to Section 10.11;  

45   

(f)      Indebtedness of a Subsidiary outstanding at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary provided that (i) such Indebtedness shall not have been incurred in contemplation of such Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary and (ii) immediately after such Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary no Default or Event of Default shall exist, and provided, further, that such Indebtedness may not be extended, renewed or refunded except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement; and  

(g)      additional Indebtedness of a Subsidiary; provided that on the date the Subsidiary incurs or otherwise becomes liable with respect to any such additional Indebtedness and immediately after giving effect thereto and to the application of the proceeds thereof,  

(i)      no Default or Event of Default shall exist;  

(ii)      such Indebtedness can be incurred within the applicable limitations provided in Sections 10.8 and 10.9; and  

(iii)      the total amount of all Indebtedness permitted under this Section 10.10(g) at no time exceeds an amount equal to 20% of Consolidated Net Worth.  

10.11      Permitted Receivables Securitization Program.  

The Parent Guarantor will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, sell any Securitization Assets pursuant to a Permitted Receivables Securitization program or otherwise unless (a) immediately before and after giving effect to such sale, no Default or Event of Default exists, (b) after giving effect to such sale, the aggregate outstanding face amount of Securitization Assets sold by the Parent Guarantor or a Subsidiary pursuant to a Permitted Receivables Securitization program does not exceed an amount equal to 15% of Consolidated Total Assets (determined as of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Parent Guarantor) and (c) immediately after the giving effect to such sale, the Parent Guarantor would be permitted by the provisions of Section 10.8 hereof to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness (determined on a   pro     forma   basis based upon EBITDA for the four (4) fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements have been provided to holders of Notes). 

11.      EVENTS OF DEFAULT.  

An  Event of Default  shall exist if any of the following conditions or events shall occur and be continuing: 

(a)      the Company defaults in the payment of any principal, or Make-Whole Amount, Modified Make-Whole Amount or Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note, if any, on any Note or the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary Guarantor defaults in the payment under this Agreement or the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement when the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or at a date fixed for prepayment or by declaration or otherwise; or  

46   

(b)      the Company defaults in the payment of any interest on any Note or any amount payable pursuant to Section 13 for more than five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due and payable; or  

(c)      either Obligor defaults in the performance of or compliance with any term contained in Section 7.1(d) or Section 10; or  

(d)      either Obligor defaults in the performance of or compliance with any term contained herein (other than those referred to in Sections 11(a), (b) and (c)) and such default is not remedied within thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) a Responsible Officer obtaining actual knowledge of such default and (ii) the Parent Guarantor receiving written notice of such default from any holder of a Note (any such written notice to be identified as a  notice of default  and to refer specifically to this Section 11(d)); or  

(e)      (i) any representation or warranty made in writing by or on behalf of either Obligor or by any officer of either Obligor in this Agreement or in any writing furnished in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby proves to have been false or incorrect in any material respect on the date as of which made, or (ii) any representation or warranty made in writing by or on behalf of any Subsidiary Guarantor or by any officer of such Subsidiary Guarantor in any Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or any writing furnished in connection with such Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement proves to have been false or incorrect in any material respect on the date as of which made; or  

(f)      (i) either Obligor or any Significant Subsidiary is in default (as principal or as guarantor or other surety) in the payment of any principal of or premium or make-whole amount or interest on any Indebtedness that is outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of at least $60,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency of payment) beyond any period of grace provided with respect thereto, or (ii) either Obligor or any Significant Subsidiary is in default in the performance of or compliance with any Material Covenant of any evidence of any Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of at least $60,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency of payment), and as a consequence of such default such Indebtedness has become, or has been declared (or one or more Persons are entitled to declare such Indebtedness to be), due and payable before its stated maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment, or (iii) either Obligor or any Significant Subsidiary is in default in the performance of or compliance with any term of any evidence of any Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of at least $60,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency of payment) or any mortgage, indenture or other agreement relating thereto or any other condition exists, and as a consequence of such default or condition such Indebtedness has become, or has been declared, due and payable before its stated maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment, or (iv) as a consequence of the occurrence or continuation of any event or condition (other than the passage of time or the right of the holder of Indebtedness to convert such Indebtedness into equity interests), (x) either Obligor or any Significant Subsidiary has become obligated to purchase or repay Indebtedness before its regular maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of at least $60,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency of payment), or (y) one or more Persons have the right to require either Obligor or any  

47   

Significant Subsidiary so to purchase or repay such Indebtedness as a result of a default in the performance of or compliance with any Material Covenant by either Obligor or any Significant Subsidiary; or 

(g)      either Obligor or any Significant Subsidiary (i) is generally not paying, or admits in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, (ii) files, or consents by answer or otherwise to the filing against it of, a petition for relief or reorganization or arrangement or any other petition in bankruptcy, for liquidation or to take advantage of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar law of any jurisdiction (including but not limited to a   surseance van betaling   or   faillissement   under Dutch Law), (iii) makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (iv) consents to the appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee or other officer with similar powers with respect to it or with respect to any substantial part of its property, (v) is adjudicated as insolvent or to be liquidated, or (vi) takes corporate action for the purpose of any of the foregoing; or  

(h)      a court or Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction enters an order appointing, without consent by either Obligor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, a custodian, receiver, trustee or other officer with similar powers with respect to it or with respect to any substantial part of its property, or constituting an order for relief or approving a petition for relief or reorganization or any other petition in bankruptcy or for liquidation or to take advantage of any bankruptcy or insolvency law of any jurisdiction, or ordering the dissolution, winding-up or liquidation of either Obligor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, or any such petition shall be filed against either Obligor or any of its Significant Subsidiaries and such petition shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days; or  

(i)      any event occurs with respect to either Obligor or any Significant Subsidiary which under the laws of any jurisdiction is analogous to any of the events described in Section 11(g) or Section 11(h), provided that the applicable grace period, if any, which shall apply shall be the one applicable to the relevant proceeding which most closely corresponds to the proceeding described in Section 11(g) or Section 11(h)  

(j)      a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $60,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency of payment) are rendered against one or more of the Parent Guarantor and its Significant Subsidiaries (except to the extent covered by independent third party insurance as to which the insurer has acknowledged coverage) and which judgments are not, within sixty (60) days after entry thereof, bonded, discharged or stayed pending appeal, or are not discharged within sixty (60) days after the expiration of such stay; or  

(k)      if (i) any Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code shall fail to satisfy the minimum funding standards of ERISA or the Code for any plan year or part thereof or a waiver of such standards or extension of any amortization period is sought or granted under section 412 of the Code, (ii) a notice of intent to terminate any Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA shall have been or is reasonably expected to be filed with the PBGC or the PBGC shall have instituted proceedings under ERISA section 4042 to terminate or appoint a trustee to administer any Plan or the PBGC shall have notified in writing the Parent Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate that a Plan may become a subject of any such  

48   

proceedings, (iii) the aggregate  amount of unfunded benefit liabilities  (within the meaning of section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA) under all Plans (other than Multiemployer Plans) subject to Title IV of ERISA, determined in accordance with Title IV of ERISA, shall exceed $60,000,000, (iv) the aggregate present value of accrued benefit liabilities under all funded Non-U.S. Plans exceeds the aggregate current value of the assets of such Non-U.S. Plans allocable to such liabilities, (v) the Parent Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate shall have incurred or is reasonably expected to incur any liability for the failure to comply with the provisions of Title I of ERISA or pursuant to Title IV of ERISA or the penalty or excise tax provisions of the Code relating to employee benefit plans, (vi) the Parent Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate withdraws from any Multiemployer Plan, or (vii) the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary establishes or amends any employee welfare benefit plan that provides post-employment welfare benefits in a manner that would increase the liability of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary thereunder; (viii) the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary fails to administer or maintain a Non-U.S. Plan in compliance with the requirements of any and all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations or court orders or any Non-U.S. Plan is involuntarily terminated or wound up, or (ix) the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary becomes subject to the imposition of a financial penalty (which for this purpose shall mean any tax, penalty or other liability, whether by way of indemnity or otherwise) with respect to one or more Non-U.S. Plans; and any such event or events described in clauses (i) through (ix) above, either individually or together with any other such event or events, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(l)      (i) a default shall occur under the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement and such default shall continue beyond the period of grace, if any, allowed with respect thereto or (ii) except as expressly permitted under Section 9.8(b), the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement shall cease to be in full force and effect for any reason whatsoever with respect to one or more Subsidiary Guarantors, including, without limitation, a determination by any Governmental Authority or court that such agreement is invalid, void or unenforceable with respect to one or more Subsidiary Guarantors or any Subsidiary Guarantor shall contest or deny in writing the validity or enforceability of any of its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement.  

As used in Section 11(k), the terms  employee benefit plan  and  employee welfare benefit plan  shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in section 3 of ERISA. 

12.      REMEDIES ON DEFAULT, ETC.  

12.1      Acceleration.  

(a)      If an Event of Default with respect to the Parent Guarantor, the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor described in Section 11(g), (h) or (i) (other than an Event of Default described in clause (i) of Section 11(g) or described in clause (vi) of Section 11(g) by virtue of the fact that such clause encompasses clause (i) of Section 11(g)) has occurred, all the Notes then outstanding shall automatically become immediately due and payable.  

49   

(b)      If any other Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Required Holders may at any time at their option, by notice or notices to the Parent Guarantor, declare all the Notes then outstanding to be immediately due and payable.  

(c)      If any Event of Default described in Section 11(a) or (b) has occurred and is continuing, any holder or holders of Notes at the time outstanding affected by such Event of Default may at any time, at its or their option, by notice or notices to the Parent Guarantor, declare all the Notes held by it or them to be immediately due and payable.  

Upon any Notes becoming due and payable under this Section 12.1, whether automatically or by declaration, such Notes will forthwith mature and the entire unpaid principal amount of such Notes, plus (x) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including, but not limited to, interest accrued thereon at the Default Rate upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default), (y) the applicable Make-Whole Amount or Modified Make-Whole Amount, if any, determined in respect of such principal amount (to the full extent permitted by applicable law), as applicable, and (z) any Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.11, less the amount of any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note, shall all be immediately due and payable, in each and every case without presentment, demand, protest or further notice, all of which are hereby waived.  The Obligors acknowledge, and the parties hereto agree, that each holder of a Note has the right to maintain its investment in the Notes free from repayment by the Company (except as herein specifically provided for) and that the provision for payment of a Make-Whole Amount and/or Modified Make-Whole Amount, if any, by the Company if the Notes are prepaid or are accelerated as a result of an Event of Default, is intended to provide compensation for the deprivation of such right under such circumstances. 

12.2      Other Remedies.  

If any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and irrespective of whether any Notes have become or have been declared immediately due and payable under Section 12.1, the holder of any Note at the time outstanding may proceed to protect and enforce the rights of such holder by an action at law, suit in equity or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any agreement contained herein or in any Note or Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, or for an injunction against a violation of any of the terms hereof or thereof, or in aid of the exercise of any power granted hereby or thereby or by law or otherwise. 

12.3      Rescission.  

At any time after any Notes have been declared due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1(b) or (c), the Required Holders, by written notice to the Parent Guarantor, may rescind and annul any such declaration and its consequences if (a) the Company has paid all overdue interest on the Notes, all principal of and applicable Make-whole Amount, Modified Make-Whole Amount and/or Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note, if any, on any Notes that are due and payable and are unpaid other than by reason of such declaration, and all interest on such overdue principal and Make-Whole Amount, Modified Make-Whole Amount and/or Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note, if any, and (to the extent permitted by applicable law) any overdue interest in respect of the Notes, at the Default Rate, (b) neither the Company nor any other Person shall have paid any amounts which have become due solely by reason of such declaration,  

50   

(c) all Events of Default and Defaults, other than non-payment of amounts that have become due solely by reason of such declaration, have been cured or have been waived pursuant to Section 18, and (d) no judgment or decree has been entered for the payment of any monies due pursuant hereto or to the Notes.  No rescission and annulment under this Section 12.3 will extend to or affect any subsequent Event of Default or Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

12.4      No Waivers or Election of Remedies, Expenses, etc.  

No course of dealing and no delay on the part of any holder of any Note in exercising any right, power or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise prejudice such holder s rights, powers or remedies.  No right, power or remedy conferred by this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or by any Note upon any holder thereof shall be exclusive of any other right, power or remedy referred to herein or therein or now or hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise.  Without limiting the obligations of the Company under Section 16, the Company will pay to the holder of each Note on demand such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover all costs and expenses of such holder incurred in any enforcement or collection under this Section 12, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees, expenses and disbursements. 

13.      TAX INDEMNIFICATION; FATCA INFORMATION.  

(a)      All payments whatsoever under this Agreement and the Notes will be made by the Company in lawful currency of the European Union free and clear of, and without liability for withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future Taxes of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any jurisdiction other than the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in such jurisdiction) (hereinafter a    Taxing Jurisdiction   ), unless the withholding or deduction of such Tax is compelled by law.  

(b)      If any deduction or withholding for any Tax of a Taxing Jurisdiction shall at any time be required in respect of any amounts to be paid by the Company under this Agreement or the Notes, the Company will pay to the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction the full amount required to be withheld, deducted or otherwise paid before penalties attach thereto or interest accrues thereon and pay to each holder of a Note such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts paid to such holder pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or the Notes after such deduction, withholding or payment (including any required deduction or withholding of Tax on or with respect to such additional amount), shall be not less than the amounts then due and payable to such holder under the terms of this Agreement or the Notes before the assessment of such Tax,   provided   that no payment of any additional amounts shall be required to be made for or on account of:  

(i)      any Tax that would not have been imposed but for the existence of any present or former connection between such holder (or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member of, shareholder of, or possessor of a power over, such holder, if such holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation or any Person other than the holder to whom the Notes or any amount payable thereon is attributable for the purposes of such Tax) and the Taxing Jurisdiction, other than the mere holding of  

51   

the relevant Note or the receipt of payments thereunder or in respect thereof or the exercise of remedies in respect thereof, including such holder (or such other Person described in the above parenthetical) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof, or being or having been present or engaged in trade or business therein or having or having had an establishment, office, fixed base or branch therein,   provided   that this exclusion shall not apply with respect to a Tax that would not have been imposed but for the Company, after the date of the Closing, opening an office in, moving an office to, reincorporating in, or changing the Taxing Jurisdiction from or through which payments on account of this Agreement or the Notes are made to, the Taxing Jurisdiction imposing the relevant Tax;  

(ii)      any Tax that would not have been imposed but for the delay or failure by such holder (following a written request by the Company) in the filing with the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction of Forms (as defined below) that are required to be filed by such holder to avoid or reduce such Taxes (including for such purpose any refilings or renewals of filings that may from time to time be required by the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction),   provided   that the filing of such Forms would not (in such holder s reasonable judgment) impose any unreasonable burden (in time, resources or otherwise) on such holder or result in any confidential or proprietary income tax return information being revealed, either directly or indirectly, to any Person and such delay or failure could have been lawfully avoided by such holder, and   provided further   that such holder shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of this clause (b)(ii) upon the good faith completion and submission of such Forms (including refilings or renewals of filings) as may be specified in a written request of the Company no later than 60 days after receipt by such holder of such written request (accompanied by copies of such Forms and related instructions, if any, all in the English language or with an English translation thereof); or  

(iii)      any combination of clauses (i) and (ii) above;  

provided further   that in no event shall the Company be obligated to pay such additional amounts to any holder (i) not resident in the United States of America or any other jurisdiction in which an original Purchaser is resident for tax purposes on the date of the Closing in excess of the amounts that the Company would be obligated to pay if such holder had been a resident of the United States of America or such other jurisdiction, as applicable, for purposes of, and eligible for the benefits of, any double taxation treaty from time to time in effect between the United States of America or such other jurisdiction and the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or (ii) registered in the name of a nominee if under the law of the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (or the current regulatory interpretation of such law) securities held in the name of a nominee do not qualify for an exemption from the relevant Tax and the Company shall have given timely notice of such law or interpretation to such holder. 

(c)      By acceptance of any Note, the holder of such Note agrees, subject to the limitations of clause (b)(ii) above, that it will from time to time with reasonable promptness (x) duly complete and deliver to or as reasonably directed by the Company all such forms, certificates, documents and returns provided to such holder by the Company (collectively,  

52   

together with instructions for completing the same,    Forms   ) required to be filed by or on behalf of such holder in order to avoid or reduce any such Tax pursuant to the provisions of an applicable statute, regulation or administrative practice of the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or of a tax treaty between the United States and such Taxing Jurisdiction and (y) provide the Company with such information with respect to such holder as the Company may reasonably request in order to complete any such Forms, provided that nothing in this Section 13 shall require any holder to provide information with respect to any such Form or otherwise if in the opinion of such holder such Form or disclosure of information would involve the disclosure of tax return or other information that is confidential or proprietary to such holder, and provided further that each such holder shall be deemed to have complied with its obligation under this paragraph with respect to any Form if such Form shall have been duly completed and delivered by such holder to the Company or mailed to the appropriate taxing authority, whichever is applicable, within 60 days following a written request of the Company (which request shall be accompanied by copies of such Form and English translations of any such Form not in the English language) and, in the case of a transfer of any Note, at least 90 days prior to the relevant interest payment date.  

(d)      On or before the date of the Closing the Company will furnish each Purchaser with copies of the appropriate Form (and English translation if required as aforesaid) currently required to be filed in The Netherlands pursuant to Section 13(b)(ii), if any, and in connection with the transfer of any Note the Company will furnish the transferee of such Note with copies of any Form and English translation then required.  

(e)      If any payment is made by the Company to or for the account of the holder of any Note after deduction for or on account of any Taxes, and increased payments are made by the Company pursuant to this Section 13, then, if such holder at its sole discretion determines that it has received or been granted a refund of such Taxes, such holder shall, to the extent that it can do so without prejudice to the retention of the amount of such refund, reimburse to the Company such amount as such holder shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be attributable to the relevant Taxes or deduction or withholding.  Nothing herein contained shall interfere with the right of the holder of any Note to arrange its tax affairs in whatever manner it thinks fit and, in particular, no holder of any Note shall be under any obligation to claim relief from its corporate profits or similar tax liability in respect of such Tax in priority to any other claims, reliefs, credits or deductions available to it or (other than as set forth in Section 13(b)(ii)) oblige any holder of any Note to disclose any information relating to its tax affairs or any computations in respect thereof.  

(f)      The Company will furnish the holders of Notes, promptly and in any event within 60 days after the date of any payment by the Company of any Tax in respect of any amounts paid under this Agreement or the Notes, the original tax receipt issued by the relevant taxation or other authorities involved for all amounts paid as aforesaid (or if such original tax receipt is not available or must legally be kept in the possession of the Company, a duly certified copy of the original tax receipt or any other reasonably satisfactory evidence of payment), together with such other documentary evidence with respect to such payments as may be reasonably requested from time to time by any holder of a Note.  

53   

(g)      If the Company is required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of the taxation or other authority of any relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, to make any deduction or withholding of any Tax in respect of which the Company would be required to pay any additional amount under this Section 13, but for any reason does not make such deduction or withholding with the result that a liability in respect of such Tax is assessed directly against the holder of any Note, and such holder pays such liability, then the Company will promptly reimburse such holder for such payment (including any related interest or penalties to the extent such interest or penalties arise by virtue of a default or delay by the Company) upon demand by such holder accompanied by an official receipt (or a duly certified copy thereof) issued by the taxation or other authority of the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction.  

(h)      If the Company makes payment to or for the account of any holder of a Note and such holder is entitled to a refund of the Tax to which such payment is attributable upon the making of a filing (other than a Form described above), then such holder shall, as soon as practicable after receiving written request from the Company (which shall specify in reasonable detail and supply the refund forms to be filed) use reasonable efforts to complete and deliver such refund forms to or as directed by the Company, subject, however, to the same limitations with respect to Forms as are set forth above.  

(i)      The obligations of the Company under this Section 13 shall survive the payment or transfer of any Note and the provisions of this Section 13 shall also apply to successive transferees of the Notes.  

By acceptance of any Note, the holder of such Note agrees that such holder will with reasonable promptness duly complete and deliver to the Company, or to such other Person as may be reasonably requested by the Company, from time to time (i) in the case of any such holder that is a United States Person, such holder s United States tax identification number or other Forms reasonably requested by the Company necessary to establish such holder s status as a United States Person under FATCA and as may otherwise be necessary for the Company to comply with its obligations under FATCA and (ii) in the case of any such holder that is not a United States Person, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation as may be necessary for the Company to comply with its obligations under FATCA and to determine that such holder has complied with such holder s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount (if any) to deduct and withhold from any such payment made to such holder.  Nothing in this Section 13(j) shall require any holder to provide information that is confidential or proprietary to such holder unless the Company is required to obtain such information under FATCA and, in such event, the Company shall treat any such information it receives as confidential. 

54   

14.      REGISTRATION; EXCHANGE; SUBSTITUTION OF NOTES.  

14.1      Registration of Notes.  

The Company shall keep at its principal executive office a register for the registration and registration of transfers of Notes.  The name and address of each holder of one or more Notes, each transfer thereof and the name and address of each transferee of one or more Notes shall be registered in such register.  If any holder of one or more Notes is a nominee, then (a) the name and address of the beneficial owner of such Note or Notes shall also be registered in such register as an owner and holder thereof and (b) at any such beneficial owner s option, either such beneficial owner or its nominee may execute any amendment, waiver or consent pursuant to this Agreement.  Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Person in whose name any Note shall be registered shall be deemed and treated as the owner and holder thereof for all purposes hereof, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice or knowledge to the contrary.  The Company shall give to any holder of a Note that is an Institutional Investor promptly upon request therefor, a complete and correct copy of the names and addresses of all registered holders of Notes. 

14.2      Transfer and Exchange of Notes.  

Upon surrender of any Note to the Company at the address and to the attention of the designated officer (all as specified in Section 19(iii)), for registration of transfer or exchange (and in the case of a surrender for registration of transfer accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed by the registered holder of such Note or such holder s attorney duly authorized in writing and accompanied by the relevant name, address and other information for notices of each transferee of such Note or part thereof), within ten Business Days thereafter, the Company shall execute and deliver, at the Company s expense (except as provided below), one or more new Notes of the same Series (as requested by the holder thereof) in exchange therefor, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of the surrendered Note.  Each such new Note shall be payable to such Person as such holder may request and, in the case of a Series N Note, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit 1A and in the case of a Series O Note, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit 1B.  Each such new Note shall be dated and bear interest from the date to which interest shall have been paid on the surrendered Note or dated the date of the surrendered Note if no interest shall have been paid thereon.  The Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp tax or governmental charge imposed in respect of any such transfer of Notes.  Notes shall not be transferred in denominations of less than  100,000, provided that if necessary to enable the registration of transfer by a holder of its entire holding of Notes, one Note may be in a denomination of less than  100,000.  Any transferee, by its acceptance of a Note registered in its name (or the name of its nominee), shall be deemed to have made the representation set forth in Section 6.3. 

The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or under the securities laws of any state and may not be transferred or resold unless registered under the Securities Act and all applicable state securities laws or unless an exemption from the requirement for such registration is available. 

55   

14.3      Replacement of Notes.  

Upon receipt by the Company at the address and to the attention of the designated officer (all as specified in Section 19(iii)) of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the ownership of and the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Note (which evidence shall be, in the case of an Institutional Investor, notice from such Institutional Investor of such ownership and such loss, theft, destruction or mutilation), and 

(a)      in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it (provided that if the holder of such Note is, or is a nominee for, an original Purchaser or another holder of a Note with a minimum net worth of at least $50,000,000 or a Qualified Institutional Buyer, such Person s own unsecured agreement of indemnity shall be deemed to be satisfactory), or  

(b)      in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation thereof,  

within fifteen (15) Business Days thereafter, the Company at its own expense shall execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Note of the same Series, dated and bearing interest from the date to which interest shall have been paid on such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note or dated the date of such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note if no interest shall have been paid thereon. 

15.      PAYMENTS ON NOTES.  

15.1      Place of Payment.  

Subject to Section 15.2, payments of principal, Make-Whole Amount, Modified Make-Whole Amount and/or Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note, if any, and interest becoming due and payable on the Notes shall be made in New York, New York at the principal office of Bank of America, N.A. in such jurisdiction.  The Company may at any time, by notice to each holder of a Note, change the place of payment of the Notes so long as such place of payment shall be either the principal office of the Company in such jurisdiction or the principal office of a bank or trust company in such jurisdiction. 

15.2      Home Office Payment.  

So long as any Purchaser or its nominee shall be the holder of any Note, and notwithstanding anything contained in Section 15.1 or in such Note to the contrary, the Company will pay all sums becoming due on such Note for principal, Make-Whole Amount, Modified Make-Whole Amount and/or Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note, if any, and interest by the method and at the address specified for such purpose below such Purchaser s name in   Schedule A  , or by such other commercially reasonable method or at such other address as such Purchaser shall have from time to time specified to the Company in writing for such purpose, without the presentation or surrender of such Note or the making of any notation thereon, except that upon written request of the Company made concurrently with or reasonably promptly after payment or prepayment in full of any Note, such Purchaser shall surrender such Note for cancellation, reasonably promptly after any such request, to the Company at its principal executive office or at the place of payment most recently designated by the Company pursuant to Section 15.1.  Prior to any sale or other disposition of any Note held by a Purchaser or its nominee, such Purchaser will,  

56   

at its election, either endorse thereon the amount of principal paid thereon and the last date to which interest has been paid thereon or surrender such Note to the Company in exchange for a new Note or Notes pursuant to Section 14.2.  The Company will afford the benefits of this Section 15.2 to any Institutional Investor that is the direct or indirect transferee of any Note purchased by a Purchaser under this Agreement and that has made the same agreement relating to such Note as the Purchasers have made in this Section 15.2. 

16.      EXPENSES, ETC.  

16.1      Transaction Expenses.  

Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Company will pay all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees of a special United States counsel and a special Dutch counsel and, if reasonably required by the Required Holders, local or other counsel) incurred by the Purchasers and each other holder of a Note in connection with such transactions and in connection with any amendments, waivers or consents under or in respect of this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or the Notes (whether or not such amendment, waiver or consent becomes effective), including, without limitation: (a) the costs and expenses incurred in enforcing or defending (or determining whether or how to enforce or defend) any rights under this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or the Notes or in responding to any subpoena or other legal process or informal investigative demand issued in connection with this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or the Notes, or by reason of being a holder of any Note, (b) the costs and expenses, including financial advisors  fees, incurred in connection with the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary or in connection with any work-out or restructuring of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Notes and (c) the costs and expenses incurred in connection with the initial filing of this Agreement and all related documents and financial information with the SVO, provided that such costs and expenses under this clause (c) shall not exceed $6,500.   

The Company will pay, and will save each Purchaser and each other holder of a Note harmless from, (i) all claims in respect of any fees, costs or expenses, if any, of brokers and finders (other than those, if any, retained by a Purchaser or other holder in connection with its purchase of the Notes), (ii) any and all wire transfer fees that any bank or other financial institution deducts from any payment under such Note to such holder or otherwise charges to a holder of a Note with respect to a payment under such Note and (iii) any judgment, liability, claim, order, decree, fine, penalty, cost, fee, expense (including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) or obligation resulting from the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the use of the proceeds of the Notes by the Company. 

57   

16.2      Certain Taxes.  

The Company agrees to pay all stamp, documentary or similar taxes or fees which may be payable in respect of the execution and delivery or the enforcement of this Agreement or any Subsidiary Guaranty or the execution and delivery (but not the transfer) or the enforcement of any of the Notes in the United States or The Netherlands or any other jurisdiction of organization of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor or any other jurisdiction where the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary Guarantor has assets or of any amendment of, or waiver or consent under or with respect to, this Agreement or any Subsidiary Guaranty or of any of the Notes, and to pay any value added tax due and payable in respect of reimbursement of costs and expenses by the Company pursuant to this Section 16, and will save each holder of a Note to the extent permitted by applicable law harmless against any loss or liability resulting from nonpayment or delay in payment of any such tax or fee required to be paid by the Company hereunder. 

16.3      Survival.  

The obligations of the Company under this Section 16 will survive the payment or transfer of any Note, the enforcement, amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or the Notes, and the termination of this Agreement or the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement. 

17.      SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; ENTIRE AGREEMENT. 

All representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Notes, the purchase or transfer by any Purchaser of any Note or portion thereof or interest therein and the payment of any Note, and may be relied upon by any subsequent holder of a Note, regardless of any investigation made at any time by or on behalf of such Purchaser or any other holder of a Note.  All statements contained in any certificate or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of the Parent Guarantor, the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement or the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement shall be deemed representations and warranties of the Parent Guarantor, the Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor under this Agreement or the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, as applicable.  Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement, the Notes and the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement embody the entire agreement and understanding between each Purchaser and the Parent Guarantor, the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors and supersede all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof. 

18.      AMENDMENT AND WAIVER.  

18.1      Requirements.  

This Agreement and the Notes may be amended, and the observance of any term hereof or of the Notes may be waived (either retroactively or prospectively), with (and only with) the written consent of the Parent Guarantor, the Company and the Required Holders, except that (a) no amendment or waiver of any of the provisions of Section 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or 22 hereof, or any defined term (as it is used therein), will be effective as to any Purchaser unless consented to by such Purchaser in writing, and (b) no such amendment or waiver may, without the written consent of the holder of each Note at the time outstanding affected thereby, (i) subject to the provisions of  

58   

Section 12 relating to acceleration or rescission, change the amount or time of any prepayment or payment of principal of, or reduce the rate or change the time of payment or method of computation of interest or of the Make-Whole Amount and/or Modified Make-Whole Amount on, the Notes, or the Net Loss, Net Gain or Swap Breakage Amount with respect to any Swapped Note, (ii) change the percentage of the principal amount of the Notes the holders of which are required to consent to any amendment or waiver or the principal amount of the Notes that the Purchasers are to purchase pursuant to Section 2 upon the satisfaction of the conditions to Closing that appear in Section 4, or (iii) amend any of Sections 8, 11(a), 11(b), 12, 13,  18, 21 or 24.9, (iv) release the Parent Guarantor or (v) release any Subsidiary Guarantor from the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement (other than in compliance with Section 9.8(b)). 

18.2      Solicitation of Holders of Notes.  

(a)      Solicitation  .  The Company will provide each holder of a Note (irrespective of the amount of the Notes then owned by it) with sufficient information, sufficiently far in advance of the date a decision is required, to enable such holder to make an informed and considered decision with respect to any proposed amendment, waiver or consent in respect of any of the provisions hereof or of the Notes or the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement.  The Company will deliver executed or true and correct copies of each amendment, waiver or consent effected pursuant to this Section 17 or the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement to each holder of a Note promptly following the date on which it is executed and delivered by, or receives the consent or approval of, the requisite holders of Notes.  

(b)      Payment  .  Neither Obligor will directly or indirectly pay or cause to be paid any remuneration, whether by way of supplemental or additional interest, fee or otherwise, or grant any security or provide other credit support, to any holder of a Note as consideration for or as an inducement to the entering into by such holder of any waiver or amendment of any of the terms and provisions hereof or of any the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or any Note unless such remuneration is concurrently paid, or security is concurrently granted or other credit support concurrently provided, on the same terms, ratably to each holder of a Note even if such holder did not consent to such waiver or amendment.  

(c)      Consent in Contemplation of Transfer  .  Any consent given pursuant to this Section 18 or the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement by a holder of a Note that has transferred or has agreed to transfer its Note to (i) the Parent Guarantor, (ii) any Subsidiary or any Affiliate or (iii) any other Person in connection with, or in anticipation of, such other Person acquiring, making a tender offer for or merging with the Company and/or any of its Affiliates (either pursuant to a waiver under Section 18.1(c) or subsequent to Section 8.7 having been amended pursuant to Section 18.1(c)), in each case in connection with such consent shall be void and of no force or effect except solely as to such holder, and any amendments effected or waivers granted or to be effected or granted that would not have been or would not be so effected or granted but for such consent (and the consents of all other holders of Notes that were acquired under the same or similar conditions) shall be void and of no force or effect except solely as to such holder.  

59   

18.3      Binding Effect, etc.  

Any amendment or waiver consented to as provided in this Section 18 or the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement applies equally to all holders of Notes and is binding upon them and upon each future holder of any Note and upon the Company without regard to whether such Note has been marked to indicate such amendment or waiver.  No such amendment or waiver will extend to or affect any obligation, covenant, agreement, Default or Event of Default not expressly amended or waived or impair any right consequent thereon.  No course of dealing between the Obligors and any holder of a Note and no delay in exercising any rights hereunder or under any Note or the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights of any holder of such Note.  As used herein, the term    this Agreement    and references thereto shall mean this Agreement as it may from time to time be amended or supplemented. 

18.4      Notes Held by Parent Guarantor, etc.  

Solely for the purpose of determining whether the holders of the requisite percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding approved or consented to any amendment, waiver or consent to be given under this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or the Notes, or have directed the taking of any action provided herein or in the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or the Notes to be taken upon the direction of the holders of a specified percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, Notes directly or indirectly owned by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Affiliates shall be deemed not to be outstanding. 

19.      NOTICES; ENGLISH LANGUAGE.  

All notices and communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and sent (a) by telecopy if the sender on the same day sends a confirming copy of such notice by a recognized overnight delivery service (charges prepaid), or (b) by registered or certified mail with return receipt requested (postage prepaid), or (c) by a recognized overnight delivery service (with charges prepaid).  Any such notice must be sent: 

(i)      if to any Purchaser or its nominee, to such Purchaser or nominee at the address specified for such communications in   Schedule A  , or at such other address as such Purchaser or nominee shall have specified to the Company in writing,  

(ii)      if to any other holder of any Note, to such holder at such address as such other holder shall have specified to the Company in writing, or  

(iii)      if to the Parent Guarantor or the Company, to the Parent Guarantor at its address at 1081 Woodward Way, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524 to the attention of the Chief Financial Officer, or at such other address as the Parent Guarantor shall have specified to the holder of each Note in writing.  

Notices under this Section 19 will be deemed given only when actually received. 

60   

Each document, instrument, financial statement, report, notice or other communication delivered in connection with this Agreement shall be in English or accompanied by an English translation thereof. 

This Agreement, the Notes and the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement have been prepared and signed in English and the parties hereto agree that the English version hereof and thereof (to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law) shall be the only version valid for the purpose of the interpretation and construction hereof and thereof notwithstanding the preparation of any translation into another language hereof or thereof, whether official or otherwise or whether prepared in relation to any proceedings which may be brought in The Netherlands or any other jurisdiction in respect hereof or thereof. 

20.      REPRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS.  

This Agreement and all documents relating hereto, including, without limitation, (a) consents, waivers and modifications that may hereafter be executed, (b) documents received by any Purchaser at the Closing (except the Notes themselves), and (c) financial statements, certificates and other information previously or hereafter furnished to any Purchaser, may be reproduced by such Purchaser by any photographic, photostatic, electronic, digital, or other similar process and such Purchaser may destroy any original document so reproduced.  The Obligors agree and stipulate that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any such reproduction shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding (whether or not the original is in existence and whether or not such reproduction was made by such Purchaser in the regular course of business) and any enlargement, facsimile or further reproduction of such reproduction shall likewise be admissible in evidence.  This Section 20 shall not prohibit either Obligor or any other holder of Notes from contesting any such reproduction to the same extent that it could contest the original, or from introducing evidence to demonstrate the inaccuracy of any such reproduction. 

21.      CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  

For the purposes of this Section 21,  Confidential Information  means information delivered to any Purchaser or any holder of a Note by or on behalf of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary in connection with the transactions contemplated by or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement that is proprietary in nature and that was clearly marked or labeled or otherwise adequately identified when received by such Purchaser as being confidential information of the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary, provided that such term does not include information that (a) was publicly known or otherwise known to such Purchaser prior to the time of such disclosure, (b) subsequently becomes publicly known through no act or omission by such Purchaser or any Person acting on such Purchaser s behalf, (c) otherwise becomes known to such Purchaser other than through disclosure by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary or (d) constitutes financial statements delivered to such Purchaser under Section 7.1 that are otherwise publicly available.  Each Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information in accordance with procedures adopted by such Purchaser in good faith to protect confidential information of third parties delivered to such Purchaser, provided that such Purchaser may deliver or disclose Confidential Information to (i) its directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, trustees and affiliates (to the extent such disclosure reasonably relates to the administration of the investment  

61   

represented by its Notes), (ii) its financial advisors and other professional advisors who agree to hold confidential the Confidential Information substantially in accordance with the terms of this Section 21, (iii) any other holder of any Note, (iv) any Institutional Investor to which it sells or offers to sell such Note or any part thereof or any participation therein (if such Person has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of such Confidential Information to be bound by the provisions of this Section 21), (v) any Person from which it offers to purchase any Security of either Obligor (if such Person has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of such Confidential Information to be bound by the provisions of this Section 21), (vi) any federal or state regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Purchaser, (vii) the NAIC or the SVO or, in each case, any similar organization, or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about such Purchaser s investment portfolio, or (viii) any other Person to which such delivery or disclosure may be necessary or appropriate (w) to effect compliance with any law, rule, regulation or order applicable to such Purchaser, (x) in response to any subpoena or other legal process, (y) in connection with any litigation to which such Purchaser is a party or (z) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the extent such Purchaser may reasonably determine such delivery and disclosure to be necessary or appropriate in the enforcement or for the protection of the rights and remedies under such Purchaser s Notes, this Agreement or the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement.  Each holder of a Note, by its acceptance of a Note, will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by and to be entitled to the benefits of this Section 21 as though it were a party to this Agreement.  On reasonable request by the Company in connection with the delivery to any holder of a Note of information required to be delivered to such holder under this Agreement or requested by such holder (other than a holder that is a party to this Agreement or its nominee), such holder will enter into an agreement with the Company embodying the provisions of this Section 21. 

In the event that as a condition to receiving access to information relating to the Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries in connection with the transactions contemplated by or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, any Purchaser or holder of a Note is required to agree to a confidentiality undertaking (whether through IntraLinks, another secure website, a secure virtual workspace or otherwise) which is different from this Section 21, this Section 21 shall not be amended thereby and, as between such Purchaser or such holder and the Parent Guarantor, at the time of effectiveness of this Agreement, this Section 21 shall supersede any such other confidentiality undertaking, but only to the extent such undertakings are inconsistent. 

22.      SUBSTITUTION OF PURCHASER.  

Each Purchaser shall have the right to substitute any one of its Affiliates as the purchaser of the Notes that it has agreed to purchase hereunder, by written notice to the Parent Guarantor, which notice shall be signed by both such Purchaser and such Affiliate, shall contain such Affiliate s agreement to be bound by this Agreement and shall contain a confirmation by such Affiliate of the accuracy with respect to it of the representations set forth in Section 6.  Upon receipt of such notice, any reference to such Purchaser in this Agreement (other than in this Section 22), shall be deemed to refer to such Affiliate in lieu of such original Purchaser.  In the event that such Affiliate is so substituted as a Purchaser hereunder and such Affiliate thereafter transfers to such original Purchaser all of the Notes then held by such Affiliate, upon receipt by the Company of notice of such transfer, any reference to such Affiliate as a  Purchaser  in this Agreement (other than in this Section 22), shall no longer be deemed to refer to such Affiliate, but  

62   

shall refer to such original Purchaser, and such original Purchaser shall again have all the rights of an original holder of the Notes under this Agreement. 

23.      UNCONDITIONAL GUARANTY.  

23.1      Unconditional Guaranty.  The Parent Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to each holder of Notes, the due and punctual payment in full of (a) the principal of, Make-Whole Amount, if any, Modified Make-Whole Amount, if any, Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note, if any, and interest on (including, without limitation, interest accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization,   surseance van betaling  ,   faillissement   or like proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding), and any other amounts due under the Notes, when and as the same shall become due and payable (whether at stated maturity or by required or optional prepayment or by acceleration or otherwise), and (b) any other sums which may become due under the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Notes, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or any other instrument referred to herein or therein (all such obligations described in clauses (a) and (b) above are herein called the  Guaranteed Obligations ).  The guaranty in the preceding sentence (the  Unconditional Guaranty ) is an absolute, present and continuing guaranty of payment and not of collectibility and is in no way conditional or contingent upon any attempt to collect from the Company or any other guarantor of the Notes or upon any other action, occurrence or circumstance whatsoever.  In the event that the Company shall fail so to pay any of such Guaranteed Obligations, the Parent Guarantor agrees to pay the same when due to the holders of Notes entitled thereto, without demand, presentment, protest or notice of any kind, in lawful money of the United States of America, pursuant to the requirements for payment specified in this Agreement and the Notes.  Each default in payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall give rise to a separate cause of action hereunder and separate suits may be brought hereunder as each cause of action arises.  The Parent Guarantor agrees that the Notes issued in connection with this Agreement may (but need not) make reference to this Section 23.  The Parent Guarantor agrees to pay and to indemnify and save each holder of Notes harmless from and against any damage, loss, cost or expense (including attorneys' fees) which such holder may incur or be subject to as a consequence, direct or indirect, of (x) any breach by the Parent Guarantor or by the Company of any warranty, covenant, term or condition in, or the occurrence of any default under, this Agreement, the Notes, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or any other instrument referred to herein or therein, together with all expenses resulting from the compromise or defense of any claims or liabilities arising as a result of any such breach or default, (y) any legal action commenced to challenge the validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Notes, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or any other instrument referred to herein or therein and (z) enforcing or defending (or determining whether or how to enforce or defend) the provisions of this Section 23.  

The Parent Guarantor hereby acknowledges and agrees that its liability hereunder is joint and several with any other Person(s) who may guarantee the obligations and Indebtedness under and in respect of this Agreement, the Notes and the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement. 

63   

23.2      Obligations Absolute and Unconditional.    

The Guaranteed Obligations of the Parent Guarantor hereunder shall be primary, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional, irrespective of the validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Notes, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or any other instrument referred to herein or therein, shall not be subject to any counterclaim, setoff, deduction or defense based upon any claim the Parent Guarantor may have against the Company or any holder of Notes or otherwise, and shall remain in full force and effect without regard to, and shall not be released, discharged or in any way affected by, any circumstance or condition whatsoever (whether or not the Parent Guarantor shall have any knowledge or notice thereof), including, without limitation:  

(a)      any amendment to, modification of, supplement to or restatement of this Agreement, the Notes, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or any other instrument referred to herein or therein (it being agreed that the obligations of the Parent Guarantor hereunder shall apply to this Agreement, the Notes, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or any such other instrument as so amended, modified, supplemented or restated) or any assignment or transfer of any thereof or of any interest therein, or any furnishing, acceptance or release of any security for the Notes;   

(b)      any waiver, consent, extension, indulgence or other action or inaction under or in respect of this Agreement, the Notes, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or any other instrument referred to herein or therein;   

(c)      any bankruptcy, insolvency, arrangement, reorganization, readjustment, composition, liquidation or similar proceeding with respect to the Company or its property;   

(d)      any merger, amalgamation or consolidation of the Parent Guarantor or of the Company into or with any other Person or any sale, lease or transfer of any or all of the assets of the Parent Guarantor or of the Company to any Person;   

(e)      any failure on the part of the Company for any reason to comply with or perform any of the terms of any other agreement with the Parent Guarantor;   

(f)      any failure on the part of any holder of Notes to obtain, maintain, register or otherwise perfect any security; or   

(g)      any other event or circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor (whether or not similar to the foregoing), and in any event however material or prejudicial it may be to the Parent Guarantor or to any subrogation, contribution or reimbursement rights the Parent Guarantor may otherwise have.    

The Parent Guarantor covenants that its obligations hereunder will not be discharged except by indefeasible payment in full in cash of all of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other obligations hereunder. 

64   

23.3      Certain Waivers.    

The Parent Guarantor unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (a) notice of acceptance hereof, of any action taken or omitted in reliance hereon and of any default by the Company in the payment of any amounts due under this Agreement, the Notes, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or any other instrument referred to herein or therein, and of any of the matters referred to in Section 23.2 hereof, (b) all notices which may be required by statute, rule of law or otherwise to preserve any of the rights of any holder of Notes against the Parent Guarantor, including, without limitation, presentment to or demand for payment from the Company or the Parent Guarantor with respect to any Note, notice to the Company or to the Parent Guarantor of default or protest for nonpayment or dishonor and the filing of claims with a court in the event of the bankruptcy of the Company, (c) any right to require any holder to enforce, assert or exercise any right, power or remedy including, without limitation, any right, power or remedy conferred in this Agreement or the Notes, (d) any requirement for diligence on the part of any holder of Notes and (e) any other act or omission or thing or delay in doing any other act or thing which might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of the Parent Guarantor or otherwise operate as a discharge of the Parent Guarantor or in any manner lessen the obligations of the Parent Guarantor hereunder. 

23.4      Obligations Unimpaired.  The Parent Guarantor authorizes the holders of Notes, without notice or demand to the Parent Guarantor and without affecting its obligations hereunder, from time to time:  (a) to renew, compromise, extend, accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment of, all or any part of this Note Agreement, the Notes, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or any other instrument referred to herein or therein; (b) to change any of the representations, covenants, events of default or any other terms or conditions of or pertaining to this Agreement, the Notes, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or any other instrument referred to herein or therein, including, without limitation, decreases or increases in amounts of principal, rates of interest, the Make-Whole Amount, Modified Make-Whole Amount, Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note or any other obligation; (c) to take and hold security for the payment of the Notes, for the performance of this Agreement or otherwise for the Indebtedness guaranteed hereby and to exchange, enforce, waive, subordinate and release any such security; (d) to apply any such security and to direct the order or manner of sale thereof as the holders of Notes in their sole discretion may determine; (e) to obtain additional or substitute endorsers or guarantors; (f) to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights against the Company and others; and (g) to apply any sums, by whomsoever paid or however realized, to the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other obligations owed hereunder.  The holders of Notes shall have no obligation to proceed against any additional or substitute endorsers or guarantors or to pursue or exhaust any security provided by the Company, the Parent Guarantor or any other Person or to pursue any other remedy available to the holders of Notes.  

If an event permitting the acceleration of the maturity of the principal amount of any Notes shall exist and such acceleration shall at such time be prevented or the right of any holder of Notes to receive any payment on account of the Guaranteed Obligations shall at such time be delayed or otherwise affected by reason of the pendency against the Company, the Parent Guarantor or any other guarantors of a case or proceeding under a bankruptcy or insolvency law, the Parent Guarantor agrees that, for purposes of the Unconditional Guaranty, the maturity of such principal  

65   

amount shall be deemed to have been accelerated with the same effect as if the holder thereof had accelerated the same in accordance with the terms of this Section 23, and the Parent Guarantor shall forthwith pay such accelerated Guaranteed Obligations. 

23.5      Subrogation and Subordination.    

(a)      The Parent Guarantor will not exercise any rights which it may have acquired by way of subrogation under this Section 23, by any payment made under the Unconditional Guaranty or otherwise, or accept any payment on account of such subrogation rights, or any rights of reimbursement, contribution or indemnity or any rights or recourse to any security for the Notes or this Agreement unless and until all of the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash.  

(b)      The Parent Guarantor hereby subordinates the payment of all Indebtedness and other obligations of the Company or any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations owing to the Parent Guarantor, whether now existing or hereafter arising, including, without limitation, all rights and claims described in clause (a) of this Section 23.5, to the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all of the Guaranteed Obligations.  If the Required Holders so request, any such Indebtedness or other obligations shall be enforced and performance received by the Parent Guarantor as trustee for the holders of Notes and the proceeds thereof shall be paid over to the holders of Notes promptly, in the form received (together with any necessary endorsements) to be applied to the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, as may be directed by the Required Holders, but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of the Parent Guarantor under the Unconditional Guaranty.  

(c)      If any amount or other payment is made to or accepted by the Parent Guarantor in violation of any of the preceding clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 23.5, such amount shall be deemed to have been paid to the Parent Guarantor for the benefit of, and held in trust for the benefit of, the holders of Notes and shall be paid over to the holders of Notes promptly, in the form received (together with any necessary endorsements) to be applied to the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, as may be directed by the Required Holders, but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of the Parent Guarantor under the Unconditional Guaranty.  

(d)      The Parent Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Unconditional Guaranty and that its agreements set forth in this Section 23.5 are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.  

23.6      Term; Reinstatement of Guaranty.    

The Unconditional Guaranty and all covenants and agreements of the Parent Guarantor contained in this Section 23 shall continue in full force and effect and shall not be discharged until such time as all of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other obligations hereunder shall be indefeasibly paid in full in cash.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Unconditional Guaranty shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if and to the extent at any time  

66   

payment, in whole or in part, of any of the sums due to any holder of Notes on account of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by a holder upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Company or any other guarantors, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee or other officer with similar powers with respect to the Company or any other guarantors or any part of its or their property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made. 

24.      MISCELLANEOUS.  

24.1      Successors and Assigns.  

All covenants and other agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns (including, without limitation, any subsequent holder of a Note) whether so expressed or not, except that neither Obligor may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or, solely with respect to the Company, under the Notes without the prior written consent of each holder (other than in connection with any transfer permitted under Section 10.2).  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

24.2      Payments Due on Non-Business Days.  

Anything in this Agreement or the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding (but without limiting the requirement in Section 8.8 that the notice of any optional prepayment specify a Business Day as the date fixed for such prepayment), any payment of principal of or Make-Whole Amount, Modified Make-Whole Amount, Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note or interest on any Note that is due on a date other than a Business Day shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day without including the additional days elapsed in the computation of the interest payable on such next succeeding Business Day; provided that if the maturity date of any Note is a date other than a Business Day, the payment otherwise due on such maturity date shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and shall include the additional days elapsed in the computation of interest payable on such next succeeding Business Day. 

24.3      Accounting Terms.  

(a)      All accounting terms used herein which are not expressly defined in this Agreement have the meanings respectively given to them in accordance with GAAP.  Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, (i) all computations made pursuant to this Agreement shall be made in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) all financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP.  For purposes of determining compliance with this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 9, Section 10 and the definition of  Indebtedness ), any election by the Parent Guarantor to measure any financial liability using fair value (as permitted by Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 825-10-25     Fair Value Option  ,  International Accounting Standard 39     Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement   or any  

67   

similar accounting standard) shall be disregarded and such determination shall be made as if such election had not been made. 

(b)      If the Parent Guarantor notifies the holders of Notes that, in the Parent Guarantor s reasonable opinion, or if the Required Holders notify the Parent Guarantor that, in the Required Holders  reasonable opinion, as a result of changes in GAAP from time to time (   Subsequent Changes   ), any of the covenants contained in Sections 10.6 through 10.10, or any of the defined terms used therein no longer apply as intended such that such covenants are materially more or less restrictive to the Parent Guarantor than are such covenants immediately prior to giving effect to such Subsequent Changes, the Parent Guarantor and the holders of Notes shall negotiate in good faith to reset or amend such covenants or defined terms so as to negate such Subsequent Changes, or to establish alternative covenants or defined terms.  Until the Parent Guarantor and the Required Holders so expressly agree to reset, amend or establish alternative covenants or defined terms, the covenants contained in Sections 10.6 through 10.10, together with the relevant defined terms, shall continue to apply and compliance therewith shall be determined assuming that the Subsequent Changes shall not have occurred (   Static GAAP   ).During any period that compliance with any covenants shall be determined pursuant to Static GAAP, the Parent Guarantor shall include relevant reconciliations in reasonable detail between GAAP and Static GAAP with respect to the applicable covenant compliance calculations contained in each certificate of a Senior Financial Officer delivered pursuant to Section 7.2(a) during such period.  

24.4      Severability.  

Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall (to the full extent permitted by law) not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

24.5      Construction, etc.  

Each covenant contained herein shall be construed (absent express provision to the contrary) as being independent of each other covenant contained herein, so that compliance with any one covenant shall not (absent such an express contrary provision) be deemed to excuse compliance with any other covenant.  Where any provision herein refers to action to be taken by any Person, or which such Person is prohibited from taking, such provision shall be applicable whether such action is taken directly or indirectly by such Person. 

Defined terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.  Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  The words  include,   includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation.   The word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall.   Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time  

68   

amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein) and, for purposes of the Notes, shall also include any such notes issued in substitution therefor pursuant to Section 14, (b) subject to Section 24.1, any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (c) the words  herein,   hereof  and  hereunder,  and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Sections and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Sections of, and Schedules to, this Agreement, and (e) any reference to any law or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.. 

24.6      Counterparts.  

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original but all of which together shall constitute one instrument.  Each counterpart may consist of a number of copies hereof, each signed by less than all, but together signed by all, of the parties hereto. 

24.7      Governing Law.  

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York excluding choice   of   law principles of the law of such State that would permit the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such State. 

24.8      Jurisdiction and Process; Waiver of Jury Trial.  

(a)      Each Obligor irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Obligor irrevocably waives and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise, any claim that it is not subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.  

(b)      Each Obligor agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that a final judgment in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 24.8(a) brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon it subject to rights of appeal, as the case may be, and may be enforced in the courts of the United States of America or the State of New York (or any other courts to the jurisdiction of which it or any of its assets is or may be subject) by a suit upon such judgment.  

(c)      Each Obligor consents to process being served by or on behalf of any holder of Notes in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 24.8(a) by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to it at its address specified in Section 19  

69   

or at such other address of which such holder shall then have been notified pursuant to said Section, or, in the case of the Company, to Process Agent, as the Company s agent for the purpose of accepting service of any process in the United States.  Each Obligor agrees that such service upon receipt (i) shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon it in any such suit, action or proceeding and (ii) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be taken and held to be valid personal service upon and personal delivery to it.  Notices hereunder shall be conclusively presumed received as evidenced by a delivery receipt furnished by the United States Postal Service or any reputable commercial delivery service. 

(d)      Nothing in this Section 24.8 shall affect the right of any holder of a Note to serve process in any manner permitted by law, or limit any right that the holders of any of the Notes may have to bring proceedings against either Obligor in the courts of any appropriate jurisdiction or to enforce in any lawful manner a judgment obtained in one jurisdiction in any other jurisdiction.  

(e)      The Company hereby irrevocably appoints the Process Agent to receive for it, and on its behalf, service of process in the United States provided, however, that to the extent that the appointment of a process agent by the Issuer would under Dutch law be deemed to constitute a power of attorney or a mandate such appointment will terminate by force of law without notice upon bankruptcy (faillissement) and will cease to be effective in case of a suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) of the Issuer and that the Issuer may not be able to elect a domicile located outside the Netherlands for the purpose of services of process.  

(f)      The parties hereto hereby waive trial by jury in any action brought on or with respect to this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement the Notes or any other document executed in connection herewith or therewith.  

24.9      Obligation to Make Payment in Euros.  

Any payment on account of an amount that is payable hereunder or under the Notes in Euros which is made to or for the account of any holder in any other currency, whether as a result of any judgment or order or the enforcement thereof or the realization of any security or the liquidation of either Obligor, shall constitute a discharge of the obligations of the Obligors under this Agreement or the Notes only to the extent of the amount of Euros which such holder could purchase in the foreign exchange markets in London, England, with the amount of such other currency in accordance with normal banking procedures at the rate of exchange prevailing on the London Banking Day following receipt of the payment first referred to above.  If the amount of Euros that could be so purchased is less than the amount of Euros originally due to such holder, each Obligor agrees to the fullest extent permitted by law, to indemnify and save harmless such holder from and against all loss or damage arising out of or as a result of such deficiency.  This indemnity shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, constitute an obligation separate and independent from the other obligations contained in this Agreement and the Notes, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by such holder from time to time and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment or order for a liquidated sum in respect of an amount due hereunder or under the Notes  

70   

or under any judgment or order.  As used herein the term  London Banking Day  shall mean any day other than Saturday or Sunday or a day on which commercial banks are required or authorized by law to be closed in London, England. 

[Remainder of page left intentionally blank.  Next page is signature page.] 

71   

If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign the form of agreement on a counterpart of this Agreement and return it to the Parent Guarantor and the Company, whereupon this Agreement shall become a binding agreement   among you, the Parent Guarantor   and the Company. 

Very truly yours,  

WOODWARD INTERNATIONAL HOLDING B.V.  

By  :  

/s/ Sean D. Morris  

Name:  

Sean D. Morris  

Title:  

Managing Director  

PARENT GUARANTOR  

WOODWARD, INC.  

By  :  

/s/ A. Christopher Fawzy  

Name:  

A. Christopher Fawzy  

Title:  

Corporate Vice President,  

General Counsel,  

Corporate Secretary, and  

Chief Compliance Officer  

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date thereof. 

METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 

METLIFE INSURANCE COMPANY USA 

By:  

Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, its Investment Manager  

By:  

/s/ John Wills  

Name:  

John Wills  

Title:  

Managing Director  

METLIFE EUROPE LIMITED 

By:  

Metropolitan Investment Advisors, its Investment Manager  

By:  

/s/ C. Scott Inglis  

Name:  

C. Scott Inglis  

Title:  

Managing Director  

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date thereof. 

NEW YOUR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY  

By:  

/s/ Sean Campbell  

Name:  

Sean Campbell  

Title:  

Corporate Vice President  

NEW YOUR LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY CORPORATION  

By:  

NYL Investors LLC, its Investment Manager  

By:  

/s/ Sean Campbell  

Name:  

Sean Campbell  

Title:  

Director  

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date thereof. 

VOYA INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY 

VOYA RETIREMENT INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY  

RELIASTAR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY  

RELIASTAR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW YOUR 

By:  

Voya Investment Management LLC, as Agent  

By:  

/s/ Christopher P. Lyons  

Name:  

Christopher P. Lyons  

Title:  

Managing Director  

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date thereof. 

THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA 

METLIFE INSURANCE COMPANY USA 

By:  

/s/ David Nguyen  

Name:  

David Nguyen  

Title:  

Vice President  

PRUDENTIAL ANNUITIES LIFE ASSURANCE CORPORATION 

By:  

PGIM, Inc., as investment manager  

By:  

/s/ David Nguyen  

Name:  

David Nguyen  

Title:  

Vice President  

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date thereof. 

UNITED OF OMAHA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY  

METLIFE INSURANCE COMPANY USA 

By:  

Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, its Investment Manager  

By:  

/s/ Lee Martin  

Name:  

Lee Martin  

Title:  

Vice President  

SCHEDULE A 

INFORMATION AS TO PURCHASERS 

[INTENTIONALLY REMOVED] 

Schedule B 

D  efined    T  erms 

As used herein, the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below or set forth in the Section hereof following such term: 

Acquisition    means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, consummated on or after the date of this Agreement, by which the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (other than transactions involving solely the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries) (a) acquires all or substantially all of the assets of any firm, corporation, limited liability company or division thereof, whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise or (b) directly or indirectly acquires (in one transaction or as the most recent transaction in a series of transactions) at least a majority (in number of votes) of the Capital Stock of an entity which have ordinary voting power for the election of directors (other than securities having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) or a majority (by percentage of voting power) of the outstanding Equity Interests of another Person. 

Affected Noteholder      is defined within the definition of  Noteholder Sanctions Event.  

Affected Notes    is defined in Section 8.4(a). 

Affiliate        means, at any time, and with respect to any Person, any other Person that at such time directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries Controls, or is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such first Person, and, with respect to the Parent Guarantor, shall include (a) any Person beneficially owning or holding, directly or indirectly, (i) 10% or more of any class of voting interests of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary or (ii) non-voting equity interests of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary if such Person s non-voting equity interests in the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary comprise at least 10% of Consolidated Net Worth, and (b) any corporation of which the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries beneficially own or hold, in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, (i) 10% or more of any class of voting interests, or (ii) non-voting equity interests if the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary s non-voting equity interests in such corporation comprise at least 10% of the stockholders  equity of such corporation and its subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.  Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, any reference to an  Affiliate  is a reference to an Affiliate of the Parent Guarantor. 

Anti-Corruption Laws    is defined in Section 5.16(d). 

Anti-Money Laundering Laws    is defined in Section 5.16(c). 

Applicable Percentage    in the case of a computation of the Modified Make-Whole Amount for purposes of Section 8.3 means 1.0% (100 basis points), and in the case of a computation of the Make-Whole Amount for any other purpose means 0.50% (50 basis points). 

Applicable Rate    means, with respect to (a) any Series N Note, (i) 2.06% per annum during any fiscal quarter following a fiscal quarter on the last day of which the Leverage Ratio is greater than 3.5 to 1.0 and (ii) 1.31% per annum at all other times and (b) any Series O Note, (i)  

2.32% per annum during any fiscal quarter following a fiscal quarter on the last day of which the Leverage Ratio is greater than 3.5 to 1.0 and (ii) 1.57% per annum at all other times. 

Asset Disposition    means any Transfer except: 

(a)    any Transfer that is: 

(i)    from a Subsidiary to the Parent Guarantor or another Subsidiary, and 

(ii)    from the Parent Guarantor to a Subsidiary, 

in each case so long as immediately before and immediately after the consummation of any such Transfer and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default exists; 

(b)    any Transfer made in the ordinary course of business and involving only property that is either (i) inventory held for sale or (ii) equipment, fixtures, supplies or materials no longer required in the operation of the business of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries or that is obsolete, damaged, or worn-out; and 

(c)    any Transfer made pursuant to a Permitted Receivables Securitization permitted pursuant to Section 10.11. 

Blocked Person    is defined in Section 5.16(a). 

Business Day    means (a) other than as provided in clause (b) below, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in New York, New York or London, England are required or authorized to be closed and which is not a TARGET Settlement Day, and (b) for purposes of Section 8.10, any date which is both (i) any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are required or authorized to be closed and (ii) a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system (or any successor thereto) is open for settlement of payments in Euros (a    TARGET Settlement Day   ). 

Capital Lease    means, at any time, a lease with respect to which the lessee is required concurrently to recognize the acquisition of an asset and the incurrence of a liability in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Lease Obligations    of a Person means the amount of the obligations of such Person under Capital Leases which would be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Stock    means (a) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock, (b) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) evidencing ownership thereof, (c) in the case of a limited liability company, membership interests, (d) in the case of a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) and (e) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person;  

provided, however, that  Capital Stock  shall not include any debt securities convertible into equity securities prior to such conversion. 

Cash Equivalents    means (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the government of the United States of America and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States government; (b) domestic and Eurocurrency certificates of deposit and time deposits, bankers  acceptances and floating rate certificates of deposit issued by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia, any foreign bank, or its branches or agencies, the long-term indebtedness of which institution at the time of acquisition is rated BBB (or better) by S P or Fitch or Baa (or better) by Moody s), and which certificates of deposit and time deposits are fully protected against currency fluctuations for any such deposits with a term of more than ninety (90) days; (c) shares of money market, mutual or similar funds having assets in excess of $100,000,000 and the investments of which are limited to investment grade securities (i.e., securities rated BBB (or better) by S P or Fitch or Baa (or better) by Moody s; and (d) commercial paper of United States of America and foreign banks and bank holding companies and their subsidiaries and United States and foreign finance, commercial industrial or utility companies which, at the time of acquisition, are rated A-2 (or better) by S P, P-2 (or better) by Moody s, or F-2 (or better) by Fitch;   provided   that the maturities of such Cash Equivalents (other than as described in clause (c) above) shall not exceed three hundred sixty-five (365) days from the date of acquisition thereof. 

Change of Control    shall be deemed to have occurred if any person (as such term is used in Section 13(d) and Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof) or related persons constituting a group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), become the  beneficial owners  (as such term is used in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of all classes then outstanding of the Parent Guarantor s voting stock. 

Closing    is defined in Section 3.1. 

Closing Subsidiary Guarantors    is defined in Section 2. 

Code        means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time. 

Company    is defined in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 

Confidential Information    is defined in Section 21. 

Consolidated Net Earnings    means, with reference to any period, the net earnings (or loss) of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for such period (taken as a cumulative whole), as determined in accordance with GAAP, after eliminating all offsetting debits and credits between the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries and all other items required to be eliminated in the course of the preparation of consolidated financial statements of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, provided that there shall be excluded therefrom (to the extent included in determining such net earnings) (a) any extraordinary gains and losses and (b) any equity interest of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary in the unremitted earnings of a Person that is not a Subsidiary. 

Consolidated Net Worth    means the stockholders  equity of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Consolidated Total Assets    means the total assets of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Contingent Obligation   , as applied to any Person, means any Contractual Obligation, contingent or otherwise, providing for the guaranty of, or having the same economic effect as providing a guaranty of, any Indebtedness of another or other obligation or liability of another, including, without limitation, any such Indebtedness, obligation or liability of another directly or indirectly guarantied, endorsed (otherwise than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-made or discounted or sold with recourse by that Person, or in respect of which that Person is otherwise directly or indirectly liable, including Contractual Obligations (contingent or otherwise) arising through any agreement to purchase, repurchase, or otherwise acquire such Indebtedness, obligation or liability or any security therefor, or to provide funds for the payment or discharge thereof (whether in the form of loans, advances, stock purchases, capital contributions or otherwise), or to maintain solvency, assets, level of income, or other financial condition, or to make payment other than for value received.  The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be equal to the amount of the obligation so guarantied or otherwise supported in the case of known or recurring obligations and, in all other cases, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect of the portion of the obligation so guarantied or otherwise supported;   provided   that Contingent Obligations shall not include endorsements for collection in the ordinary course of business. 

Contractual Obligation   , as applied to any Person, means any provision of any equity or debt securities issued by that Person or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, security agreement, pledge agreement, guaranty, contract, undertaking, agreement or instrument, in any case in writing, to which that Person is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound, or to which it or any of its properties is subject. 

Control    means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Control Event    means: 

(a)    the execution by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates of any agreement or letter of intent with respect to any proposed transaction or event or series of transactions or events which, individually or in the aggregate, may reasonably be expected to result in a Change of Control, 

(b)    the execution of any written agreement which, when fully performed by the parties thereto, would result in a Change of Control, or 

(c)    the making of any written offer by any person (as such term is used in Section 13(d) and Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof) or related persons constituting a group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof) to the holders of the common stock of the Parent  

Guarantor, which offer, if accepted by the requisite number of holders, would result in a Change of Control. 

Controlled Entity    means (a) any of the Subsidiaries of the Parent Guarantor and any of their or the Parent Guarantor s respective Controlled Affiliates and (b) if the Parent Guarantor has a parent company, such parent company and its Controlled Affiliates. 

Debt Prepayment Application    means, with respect to any Transfer of property, the application by the Company of cash in an amount equal to the Net Proceeds Amount with respect to such Transfer to pay Senior Indebtedness (other than (a) Indebtedness owing to the Parent Guarantor, any of the Parent Guarantor s Subsidiaries or any Affiliate of the Parent Guarantor and (b) Indebtedness in respect of any revolving credit or similar credit facility providing the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries with the right to obtain loans or other extensions of credit from time to time, except to the extent that in connection with such payment of Senior Indebtedness the availability of credit under such credit facility is permanently reduced by an amount not less than the amount of such proceeds applied to the payment of such Senior Indebtedness),   provided   that in the course of making such application the Company shall offer to prepay each outstanding Note, in accordance with Section 8.6, in a principal amount which equals the Ratable Portion of such Note in respect of such Transfer.  If any holder of a Note rejects such offer of prepayment, then, for purposes of the preceding sentence only, the Parent Guarantor and the applicable Subsidiary nevertheless will be deemed to have paid Senior Indebtedness in an amount equal to the Ratable Portion of the holder of such Note in respect of such Transfer. 

Debt Prepayment Transfer    is defined in Section 8.6(a). 

Default    means an event or condition the occurrence or existence of which would, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both, become an Event of Default. 

Default Rate    means, with respect to any Note, that rate of interest that is the greater of (a) 2.00% per annum above the Applicable Rate with respect to such Note or (b) 2.00% per annum over the rate of interest publicly announced by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in New York, New York as its  base  or  prime  rate. 

Disclosure Documents    is defined in Section 5.3. 

Disposition Value    means, at any time, with respect to any property 

(a)    in the case of property that does not constitute Subsidiary Equity Interests, the book value thereof, valued at the time of such disposition in good faith by the Parent Guarantor, and 

(b)    in the case of property that constitutes Subsidiary Equity Interests, an amount equal to that percentage of book value of the assets of the Subsidiary that issued such equity interests as is equal to the percentage that the book value of such Subsidiary Equity Interests represents of the book value of all of the outstanding equity interests of such Subsidiary (assuming, in making such calculations, that all Securities convertible into such equity interests are so converted and giving full effect to all transactions that would  

occur or be required in connection with such conversion) determined at the time of the disposition thereof, in good faith by the Parent Guarantor. 

Disqualified Stock    means any Capital Stock that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the maturity date of the Series O Notes. 

Dollars    or    $    means the lawful money of the United States of America. 

EBITDA    means, for any period, on a consolidated basis for the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, the sum of the amounts for such period, without duplication, of (a) Net Income,   plus   (b) Interest Expense to the extent deducted in computing Net Income,   plus   (c) charges against income for foreign, federal, state and local taxes to the extent deducted in computing Net Income,   plus   (d) depreciation expense to the extent deducted in computing Net Income,   plus   (e) amortization expense, including, without limitation, amortization of goodwill and other intangible assets to the extent deducted in computing Net Income,   plus   (f) any unusual non-cash charges to the extent deducted in computing Net Income,   plus   (g) non-cash stock based compensation paid during such period to the extent deducted in computing Net Income,   minus   (h) any unusual non-cash gains to the extent added in computing Net Income.  EBITDA shall be calculated on a   pro     forma   basis giving effect to Material Acquisitions and Material Asset Dispositions on a four (4) fiscal quarter basis on the assumption that any such Material Acquisition or Material Asset Disposition shall be deemed to have occurred on the first day of the fourth full fiscal quarter preceding the date of determination, using historical financial statements containing reasonable adjustments satisfactory to the Required Holders, broken down by fiscal quarter in the Parent Guarantor s reasonable judgment.  As used herein,  Material Acquisition  means one or more related Acquisitions the net consideration for which is in excess of $20,000,000 individually or in the aggregate and  Material Asset Disposition  means any Asset Disposition or series of Asset Dispositions the Fair Market Value of which is equal to or greater than $20,000,000 individually or in the aggregate. 

Electronic Delivery    is defined in Section 7.1(a). 

Environmental Laws    means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including but not limited to those related to Hazardous Materials. 

Equity Interests    means Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock). 

ERISA    means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 

ERISA Affiliate    means any trade or business  (whether or not incorporated) that is treated as a single employer together with the Parent Guarantor under section 414 of the Code. 

Euro    or         means the unit of single currency of the Participating Member States. 

Event of Default    is defined in Section 11. 

Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Fair Market Value    means, at any time and with respect to any property, the sale value of such property that would be realized in an arm s-length sale at such time between an informed and willing buyer and an informed and willing seller (neither being under a compulsion to buy or sell). 

FATCA    means (a) sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), together with any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, (b) any treaty, law or regulation of any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the United States of America and any other jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates the implementation of the foregoing clause (a), and (c) any agreements entered into pursuant to section 1471(b)(1) of the Code 

Fitch    means Fitch Investors Service, L.P., together with its successors and assigns. 

Form 10-K    is defined in Section 7.1(b). 

Form 10-Q    is defined in Section 7.1(a). 

GAAP    means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States of America. 

Governmental Authority    means 

(a)    the government of 

(i)    The Netherlands, the United States of America or any State or other political subdivision thereof, or 

(ii)    any other jurisdiction in which the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary conducts all or any part of its business, or which asserts jurisdiction over any properties of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary, or 

(b)    any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of, or pertaining to, any such government. 

Governmental Official    means any governmental official or employee, employee of any foreign government-owned or controlled entity, political party, any official of a political party,  

candidate for political office, official of any foreign government, public international organization or anyone else acting in an official capacity for a foreign government. 

Guaranteed Obligations    is defined in Section 23.1. 

Guaranty    means, with respect to any Person, any obligation (except the endorsement in the ordinary course of business of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection) of such Person guarantying or in effect guarantying any indebtedness, dividend or other obligation of any other Person in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including (without limitation) obligations incurred through an agreement, contingent or otherwise, by such Person: 

(a)    to purchase such indebtedness or obligation or any property constituting security therefor; 

(b)    to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of such indebtedness or obligation, or (ii) to maintain any working capital or other balance sheet condition or any income statement condition of any other Person or otherwise to advance or make available funds for the purchase or payment of such indebtedness or obligation; 

(c)    to lease properties or to purchase properties or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of such indebtedness or obligation of the ability of any other Person to make payment of the indebtedness or obligation; or 

(d)    otherwise to assure the owner of such indebtedness or obligation against loss in respect thereof. 

In any computation of the indebtedness or other liabilities of the obligor under any Guaranty, the indebtedness or other obligations that are the subject of such Guaranty shall be assumed to be direct obligations of such obligor. 

Guaranty Supplement    is defined in Section 9.8. 

Hazardous Material    means any and all pollutants, toxic or hazardous wastes or other substances that might pose a hazard to health and safety, the removal of which may be required or the generation, manufacture, refining, production, processing, treatment, storage, handling, transportation, transfer, use, disposal, release, discharge, spillage, seepage or filtration of which is or shall be restricted, prohibited or penalized by any applicable law including, but not limited to, asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum, petroleum products, lead based paint, radon gas or similar restricted, prohibited or penalized substances. 

Hedging Arrangements    means agreements, devices or arrangements designed to protect at least one of the parties thereto from the fluctuations of interest rates, commodity prices, exchange rates or forward rates applicable to such party s assets, liabilities or exchange transactions, including, but not limited to, dollar-denominated or cross-currency interest rate exchange agreements, forward currency exchange agreements, interest rate cap or collar protection agreements, forward rate currency or interest rate options, puts and warrants or any similar derivative transactions. 

Hedging Obligations    of a Person means any and all obligations of such Person, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any and all Hedging Arrangements and (b) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Hedging Arrangements. 

holder    means, with respect to any Note the Person in whose name such Note is registered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 14.1, provided, however, that if such Person is a nominee, then for the purposes of Sections 7, 12, 18.2 and 19 and any related definitions in this Schedule B,  holder  shall mean the beneficial owner of such Note whose name and address appears in such register. 

Indebtedness    of a Person means, without duplication, such Person s: 

(a)    obligations for borrowed money, including, without limitation, subordinated indebtedness, 

(b)    obligations representing the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of such Person s business payable on terms customary in the trade and other than earn-outs or other similar forms of contingent purchase prices), 

(c)    obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens on or payable out of the proceeds or production from property or assets now or hereafter owned or acquired by such Person, 

(d)    obligations which are evidenced by notes, acceptances, or other instruments, 

(e)    Capital Lease Obligations, 

(f)    Contingent Obligations with respect to the Indebtedness of other Persons, 

(g)    obligations with respect to letters of credit, 

(h)    Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities, 

(i)    Receivables Facility Attributed Indebtedness, 

(j)    Disqualified Stock, and 

(k)    net Hedging Obligations, calculated on a marked-to-market basis. 

The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date shall be without duplication (i) the outstanding balance at such date of all unconditional obligations as described above and the maximum liability of any such Contingent Obligations at such date and (ii) in the case of Indebtedness of others secured by a Lien to which the property or assets owned or held by such  

Person is subject, the lesser of the Fair Market Value at such date of any asset subject to a Lien securing the Indebtedness of others and the amount of the Indebtedness secured. 

INHAM Exemption    is defined in Section 6.3(e). 

Institutional Investor    means (a) any Purchaser of a Note, (b) any holder of a Note holding (together with one or more of its affiliates) more than 5% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, (c) any bank, trust company, savings and loan association or other financial institution, any pension plan, any investment company, any insurance company, any broker or dealer, or any other similar financial institution or entity, regardless of legal form, and (d) any Related Fund of any holder of any Note. 

Intercreditor Agreement    is defined in Section 9.9. 

Interest Expense    means, without duplication, for any period, the total interest expense of the Parent Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries, whether paid or accrued (including the interest component of Capital Leases, commitment, facility and letter of credit fees, Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities and net payments or receipts (if any) pursuant to Hedging Arrangements relating to interest rate protection), all as determined in conformity with GAAP. 

Investor Presentation    is defined in Section 5.3. 

ISDA Master Agreement    is defined in Section 8.11. 

Leverage Ratio    is defined in Section 10.8. 

Lien    means, with respect to any Person, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance, or any interest or title of any vendor, lessor, lender or other secured party to or of such Person under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or Capital Lease, upon or with respect to any property or asset of such Person (including in the case of stock, stockholder agreements, voting trust agreements and all similar arrangements). 

Major Credit Facility    means (a) the Revolving Facility, (b) the 2008 Note Purchase Agreement, (c) the 2009 Note Purchase Agreement, (d) the 2013 Note Purchase Agreement and (e) the 2016 Parent Guarantor Note Purchase Agreement and (f) any other credit, loan or borrowing facility or note purchase agreement by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary providing, in each case, for the incurrence of Senior Indebtedness in a principal amount equal to or greater than $75,000,000 (or the equivalent of such amount in the relevant currency of payment, determined as of the date of the closing of such facility based on the exchange rate of such other currency), in each case under clauses (a) through (f) as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and together with increases, refinancings and replacements thereof. 

Make-Whole Amount    is defined in Section 8.8. 

Material    means material in relation to the business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets, properties, or prospects of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Material Acquisition Amount    means an amount equal to the greater of (a) $50,000,000 and (b) the applicable dollar threshold amount for certain permitted acquisitions necessary to increase the leverage ratio applicable to the Parent Guarantor as set forth in the definition of  Leverage Ratio Increase Requirements  in the Revolving Facility or similar threshold in any other Revolving Facility. 

Material Acquisition Period    means each period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent Guarantor commencing with the fiscal quarter in which one or more of the Parent Guarantor and any Subsidiary has consummated (a) one or more Acquisitions of equity interests in entities that become Subsidiaries upon such Acquisition or (b) one or more acquisitions from an entity of a business or a brand, if the consideration paid for such Acquisitions under clause (a) and/or (b) (including, without limitation, Indebtedness of the new Subsidiary and, without duplication, any Indebtedness of such entity that is assumed by any one or more of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries), taken together with the aggregate consideration (including assumed Indebtedness as aforesaid) paid for all other such Acquisitions consummated during the immediately preceding three (3) fiscal quarters of the Parent Guarantor, is equal to or greater than the Material Acquisition Amount; provided that a new Material Acquisition Period may not be commenced until such time as at least two (2) complete consecutive fiscal quarters have elapsed since the expiration of the last previous Material Acquisition Period. 

Material Adverse Effect    means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets or properties of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Parent Guarantor to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (c) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Notes, (d) the ability of any Subsidiary Guarantor to perform its respective obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, or (e) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Notes or the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement. 

Material Covenant    means any covenant or similar term contained in any evidence of any Indebtedness in respect of or that contains provisions that are the same as or similar to (or address the same topic as) the covenants set forth in Sections 10.2, 10.3, 10.6, 10.7, 10.8, 10.9 or 10.10 or any other financial covenant contained in such Indebtedness. 

Modified Make-Whole Amount    is defined in Section 8.10. 

Moody s    means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., together with its successors and assigns. 

MPC Products    means MPC Products Corporation, an Illinois corporation. 

Multiemployer Plan    means any Plan that is a  multiemployer plan  (as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA). 

NAIC    means the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any successor thereto. 

Net Gain    is defined in Section 8.11. 

Net Income    means, for any period, the net income (or loss) after taxes of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period taken as a single accounting period determined in conformity with GAAP. 

Net Indebtedness    means, as of any date of determination, the excess, if any, of (a) Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date over (b) the Unrestricted Domestic Cash Amount as of such date. 

Net Loss    is defined in Section 8.11. 

Net Proceeds Amount    means, with respect to any Transfer of any property by any Person, an amount equal to the difference of 

(a)    the aggregate amount of the consideration (valued at the Fair Market Value of such consideration at the time of the consummation of such Transfer) received by such Person in respect of such Transfer,   minus 

(b)    all taxes actually paid on account of such Transfer and all ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses actually incurred by such Person in connection with such Transfer. 

New Swap Agreement    is defined in Section 8.8(b). 

Non-Swapped Note    is defined in Section 8.8(a). 

Non-U.S. Plan    means any plan, fund or other similar program that (a) is established or maintained outside the United States of America by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary primarily for the benefit of employees of the Parent Guarantor or one or more Subsidiaries residing outside the United States of America, which plan, fund or other similar program provides, or results in, retirement income, a deferral of income in contemplation of retirement or payments to be made upon termination of employment, and (b) is not subject to ERISA or the Code. 

Noteholder Sanctions Event    means, with respect to any holder of a Note (an    Affected Noteholder   ), such holder or any of its affiliates being in violation of or subject to sanctions (a) under any U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws as a result of the Parent Guarantor or any Controlled Entity becoming a Blocked Person or, directly or indirectly, having any investment in or engaging in any dealing or transaction (including any investment, dealing or transaction involving the proceeds of the Notes) with any Blocked Person or (b) under any similar laws, regulations or orders adopted by any State within the United States as a result of the name of the Parent Guarantor or any Controlled Entity appearing on a State Sanctions List. 

Notes    is defined in Section 1. 

Obligors    is defined in in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 

OFAC    is defined in Section 5.16(a). 

OFAC Listed Person    is defined in Section 5.16(a). 

OFAC Sanctions Program    means any economic or trade sanction program that OFAC is responsible for administering and enforcing.  A list of OFAC Sanctions Programs may be found at http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Pages/Programs.aspx. 

Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities    of a Person means (a) any Receivables Facility Attributed Indebtedness and repurchase obligations or liabilities of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to Receivables or notes receivable sold by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) any liabilities of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries under any sale and leaseback transactions which do not create liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet of such Person, (c) any liabilities of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries under any financing lease or Synthetic Lease transaction, or (d) any obligations of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries arising with respect to any other transaction which is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which, in the case of the foregoing clauses (a) through (d), does not constitute a liability on the consolidated balance sheets of such Person and its Subsidiaries. 

Officer s Certificate    means a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer or of any other officer of the Parent Guarantor or the Company, as applicable, whose responsibilities extend to the subject matter of such certificate. 

Original Swap Agreement    is defined in Section 8.10(b). 

Parent Guarantor    is defined in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 

Participating Member State    means   any member state of the European Community that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Community relating to Economic Monetary Union. 

PBGC    means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA or any successor thereto. 

Permitted Jurisdiction      means (a) the United States of America, (b)   The Netherlands and (c) any other country that on April 30, 2004 was a member of the European Union (other than Greece, Portugal, Ireland and Italy). 

Permitted Liens    means the following: 

(a)      Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges which are not yet due and payable or the payment of which is not at the time required by Section 9.4;  

(b)      any attachment or judgment Lien, unless the judgment it secures shall not, within thirty (30) days after the entry thereof, have been discharged or execution thereof stayed pending appeal, or shall not have been discharged within thirty (30) days after the expiration of any such stay;  

(c)      statutory Liens of landlords and Liens of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and other similar Liens, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business for sums not yet due and payable;  

(d)      Liens (other than any Lien imposed by ERISA) incidental to the normal conduct of the business of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary or the ownership of its property which are not incurred or made in connection with the incurrence of Indebtedness and which do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the use of such property in the operation of the business of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the value of such property for the purposes of such business;  

(e)      leases or subleases granted to others, easements, encroachments, rights-of-way, licenses, reservations, covenants, utility easements, building restrictions,  restrictions and other similar charges or encumbrances, in each case incidental to, and not interfering with, the ordinary conduct of the business of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, and which do not in the aggregate materially impair the use of such property in the operation of the business of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the value of such property for the purposes of such business;  

(f)      minor survey exceptions and similar Liens, provided that such Liens do not, in the aggregate, materially detract from the value of such property in the operation of the business of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries;  

(g)      Liens on property or assets of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary securing Indebtedness owing to the Parent Guarantor or another Subsidiary;  

(h)      Liens existing on the date of this Agreement and reflected in   Schedule 10.6  ;  

(i)      any Liens existing on the property of a Person at the time such Person is merged into or consolidated with the Parent Guarantor or a Subsidiary or its becoming a Subsidiary or at the time of a sale, lease or other disposition of the properties of a Person as an entirety to the Parent Guarantor or a Subsidiary, or any Lien existing on any property acquired by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary at the time such property is so acquired (whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby shall have been assumed), provided that (w) such Liens were not incurred, extended or renewed in contemplation of such merger, consolidation or acquisition of property, (x) each such Lien shall attach solely to the assets so acquired or purchased, (y) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness secured by such Liens is otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement, and (z) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness secured by such Liens shall not exceed 100% of the Fair Market Value of the related property;  

(j)      Liens incurred after the date of this Agreement on any property acquired, improved or constructed by the Parent Guarantor or a Subsidiary and created contemporaneously with or within one hundred eighty (180) days of such acquisition, improvement or construction which secure all or any part of the purchase price or cost of construction or improvement of such property, provided that (i) any such Lien shall extend solely to the item or items of such property (or improvement thereon) so acquired or constructed and, if required by the terms of the instrument originally creating such Lien, other property (or improvement thereon) which is an improvement to or is acquired for specific use in connection with such acquired or constructed property (or improvement thereon) or which is real property being improved by such acquired or constructed property  

(or improvement thereon), (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness secured by such Lien and all other Indebtedness secured by any other Lien on such property or such improvement does not exceed in the aggregate 100% of the lesser of (y) the cost of such property or improvement or (z) the Fair Market Value thereof at the time of incurrence, and (iii) all such Indebtedness is otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement; 

(k)      Liens incurred pursuant to a Permitted Receivables Securitization program, provided that such Permitted Receivables Securitization program is permitted pursuant to Section 10.11;  

(l)      Liens (i) in favor of the holders of the Notes (or in favor of a collateral agent reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders) created to secure the Indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement and the Notes pursuant to Section 9.8(c) and (ii) granted to secure the Indebtedness evidenced by any Major Credit Facility, in each case under clauses (i) and (ii) in compliance with Section 9.9;   

(m)      any Lien renewing, extending or refunding any Lien permitted by clauses (h), (i) or (j) of this definition, provided that (i) the principal amount of Indebtedness secured by such Lien immediately prior to such extension, renewal or refunding is not increased or the maturity thereof reduced, (ii) such Lien is not extended to any other property, and (iii) immediately after such extension, renewal or refunding no Default or Event of Default would exist; and  

(n)      any security right or set-off arrangements entered into by of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements which arise from the general banking conditions (  algemene bankvoorwaarden  ) of account banks located in the Netherlands.  

Permitted Receivables Securitization    means a financing program providing for the sale or transfer of accounts receivable (and related assets) by the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, in transactions purporting to be sales (and treated as sales for GAAP purposes), to one or more limited purpose financing companies, special purpose entities and/or other financial institutions, in each case, on a limited recourse basis as to the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (not inconsistent with treatment as a sale for GAAP purposes). 

Person    means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization, business entity or Governmental Authority. 

Plan    means an  employee benefit plan  (as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Title I of ERISA that is or, within the preceding five years, has been established or maintained, or to which contributions are or, within the preceding five years, have been made or required to be made, by the Parent Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Parent Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate may have any liability. 

Priority Debt    means (a) all unsecured Indebtedness of any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor (other than the Company) other than Indebtedness permitted by clauses (a) through (f), inclusive, of Section 10.10, and (b) Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary secured by Liens other than Permitted Liens. 

Process Agent    means Corporation Service Company in New York, New York. 

property    or  properties  means, unless otherwise specifically limited, real or personal property of any kind, tangible or intangible, choate or inchoate. 

Property Reinvestment Application    means, with respect to any Transfer of property, the application of an amount equal to the Net Proceeds Amount with respect to such Transfer to the acquisition by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary of property of a similar nature (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, cash and Cash Equivalents), and of at least equivalent Fair Market Value to the property so Transferred, to be used in the ordinary course of business of such Person. 

Proposed Prepayment Date    is defined in Section 8.5(b). 

PTE    is defined in Section 6.3(a). 

Purchaser    is defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 

QPAM Exemption    is defined in Section 6.3(d). 

Qualified Institutional Buyer    means any Person who is a  qualified institutional buyer  within the meaning of such term as set forth in Rule 144A(a)(1) under the Securities Act. 

Ratable Portion    means, in respect of any holder of any Note and any Transfer contemplated by the definition of Debt Prepayment Application, an amount equal to the product of: 

(a)    the Net Proceeds Amount being offered to be applied to the payment of Senior Indebtedness, multiplied by 

(b)    a fraction, the numerator of which is the outstanding principal amount of such Note, and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Senior Indebtedness at the time of such Transfer determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Receivable(s)    means and includes all of the Parent Guarantor s and each Subsidiary s presently existing and hereafter arising or acquired accounts, accounts receivable, and all present and future rights of the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary to payment for goods sold or leased or for services rendered in the ordinary course of the Parent Guarantor s or such Subsidiary s business (except those evidenced by instruments or chattel paper), whether or not they have been earned by performance, and all rights in any merchandise or goods which any of the same may represent, and all rights, title, security and guaranties with respect to each of the foregoing, including, without limitation, any right of stoppage in transit. 

Receivables Facility Attributed Indebtedness    means the amount of obligations outstanding under a receivables purchase facility on any date of determination that would be characterized as principal if such facility were structured as a secured lending transaction rather than as a purchase. 

Rejection Notice    is defined in Section 8.3(a). 

Related Fund    means, with respect to any holder of any Note, any fund or entity that (a) invests in Securities or bank loans, and (b) is advised or managed by such holder, the same investment advisor as such holder or by an affiliate of such holder or such investment advisor. 

Required Holders    means, at any time, the holders of greater than 50% in principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding (exclusive of Notes then owned by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Affiliates). 

Responsible Officer    means any Senior Financial Officer and any other officer of the Parent Guarantor or the Company, as applicable, with responsibility for the administration of the relevant portion of this Agreement. 

Revolving Facility    means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2013, by and among the Parent Guarantor, as a borrower, the foreign subsidiary borrowers from time to time parties thereto, the institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for itself and the other lenders, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of April 28, 2015 and as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, refinanced, extended or replaced. 

S P    means Standard and Poor s Ratings Group, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, together with its successors and assigns. 

Sanctions Prepayment Date    is defined in Section 8.4(a). 

Sanctions Prepayment Offer    is defined in Section 8.4(a). 

Sanctions Prepayment Response Date    is defined in Section 8.4(a). 

SEC    means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States, or any successor thereto. 

Second Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement    means that certain Second Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2013, by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders under the Revolving Facility, the holders of the notes issued pursuant to the 2008 Note Purchase Agreement, the holders of the notes issued pursuant to the 2009 Note Purchase Agreement, the holders of the notes issued pursuant to the 2013 Note Purchase Agreement, and each new creditor from time to time party thereto, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, refinanced, extended or replaced. 

Securities    or    Security    shall have the meaning specified in Section 2(1) of the Securities Act. 

Securities Act    means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 

Securitization Assets    means all accounts receivable, general intangibles, instruments, documents, chattel paper and investment property (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries which are sold or transferred pursuant to a Permitted Receivables Securitization, and any assets related thereto, including without limitation (a) all such assets constituting collateral given by any of the foregoing, (b) all such assets constituting contracts and all guaranties (but not by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries) or other obligations directly related to any of the foregoing, (c) other related assets set forth in the Securitization Documents, and (d) proceeds of all of the foregoing. 

Securitization Documents    means all documentation relating to any Permitted Receivables Securitization. 

Senior Financial Officer    means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or comptroller of the Parent Guarantor. 

Senior Indebtedness    means all Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes and all other Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries for money borrowed ranking   pari passu   or senior in right of payment with the Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes and the Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement. 

Series    means any Series of Notes issued under this Agreement. 

Series N Notes    is defined in Section 1. 

Series O Notes    is defined in Section 1. 

Significant Subsidiary    means at any time any Subsidiary that would at such time constitute a  significant subsidiary  (as such term is defined in Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission as in effect on the date hereof) of the Parent Guarantor. 

Source    is defined in Section 6.3. 

Static GAAP    is defined in Section 24.3(b). 

Subsequent Changes    is defined in Section 24.3(b). 

Subsidiary    means, as to any Person, any other Person in which such first Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries or such first Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries owns sufficient equity or voting interests to enable it or them (as a group) ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, to elect a majority of the directors (or Persons performing similar functions) of such second Person, and any partnership or joint venture if more than a 50% interest in the profits or capital thereof is owned by such first Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries or such first Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries (unless such partnership or joint venture can and does ordinarily take major business actions without the prior approval of such Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries).  Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, any reference to a  Subsidiary  is a reference to a Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor. 

Subsidiary Equity Interests    means, with respect to any Person, the Capital Stock (or any options or warrants to purchase capital stock or similar equity interests or other Securities exchangeable for or convertible into Capital Stock) of any Subsidiary of such Person. 

Subsidiary     Guarantor    and    Subsidiary     Guarantors    are defined in Section 2. 

Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement    is defined in Section 2. 

SVO    means the Securities Valuation Office of the NAIC or any successor to such Office. 

Swap Agreement    is defined in Section 8.10(b). 

Swap Breakage Amount    is defined in Section 8.11. 

Swapped Note    is defined in Section 8.10(b). 

Swapped Note Called Notional Amount    is defined in Section 8.10(b). 

Swapped Note Called Principal    is defined in Section 8.10(b). 

Swapped Note Settlement Date    is defined in Section 8.10(b). 

Synthetic Lease    means, at any time, any lease (including leases that may be terminated by the lessee at any time) of any property (a) that is accounted for as an operating lease under GAAP and (b) in respect of which the lessee retains or obtains ownership of the property so leased for U.S. federal income tax purposes, other than any such lease under which such Person is the lessor. 

Tax    means any tax (whether income, documentary, sales, stamp, registration, issue, capital, property, excise or otherwise), duty, assessment, levy, impost, fee, compulsory loan, charge or withholding. 

Tax Prepayment Notice    is defined in Section 8.3(a). 

Taxing Jurisdiction    is defined in Section 13(a). 

Transfer    means, with respect to any Person, any transaction in which such Person sells, conveys, transfers or leases (as lessor) any of its property, including, without limitation, Subsidiary Equity Interests.  For purposes of determining the application of the Net Proceeds Amount in respect of any Transfer, the Parent Guarantor may designate any Transfer as one or more separate Transfers each yielding a separate Net Proceeds Amount; in any such case, the Disposition Value of any property subject to each such separate Transfer shall be determined by ratably allocating the aggregate Disposition Value of all property subject to such separate Transfers to each such separate Transfer on a proportionate basis. 

Transfer Prepayment Date    is defined in Section 8.6(a). 

Transfer Prepayment Offer    is defined in Section 8.6(a). 

2008 Note Purchase Agreement    means that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2008, by and among the Parent Guarantor and the purchasers listed in Schedule A attached thereto, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, refinanced, extended or replaced. 

2009 Note Purchase Agreement    means that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2009, by and among the Parent Guarantor and the purchasers listed in Schedule A attached thereto, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, refinanced, extended or replaced. 

2013 Note Purchase Agreement    means that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 1, 2013, by and among the Parent Guarantor and the purchasers listed in Schedule A attached thereto, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, refinanced, extended or replaced. 

2016 Parent Guarantor Note Purchase Agreement    means that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated September 23, 2016, by and among the Parent Guarantor and the purchasers listed in Schedule A attached thereto, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, refinanced, extended or replaced. 

Unconditional Guaranty    is defined in Section 23.1. 

Undisclosed Affiliate    means, at any time and with respect to the Parent Guarantor, any Person (a) that beneficially owns or holds, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of any class of voting or equity interests of the Parent Guarantor or (b) that is an Affiliate of any such Person; provided that, at such time, (i) in the case of clause (a), such Person shall not have given written notice to the Parent Guarantor of its 10% or greater holding in the Parent Guarantor and, in the case of clause (b), such Affiliate of such Person shall not have given the Parent Guarantor written notice of its affiliation to the Parent Guarantor and (ii) the Parent Guarantor shall not otherwise have knowledge of such holding or affiliation to the Parent Guarantor. 

Unrestricted Domestic Cash Amount    means, as of any date of determination, that portion of the Parent Guarantor s and its consolidated Subsidiaries  aggregate cash and Cash Equivalents in excess of $10,000,000 that is on deposit with one or more lenders under any Major Credit Facility in the United States of America and that is not encumbered by or subject to any Lien (including, without limitation, any Lien permitted hereunder), setoff (other than ordinary course setoff rights of a depository bank arising under a bank depository agreement for customary fees, charges and other account-related expenses due to such depository bank thereunder), counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right in favor of any Person;   provided  , however, that notwithstanding the actual amount of the Unrestricted Domestic Cash Amount, no more than $20,000,000 of the Unrestricted Domestic Cash Amount may be deducted in the calculation of Net Indebtedness. 

U.S. Economic Sanctions    is defined in Section 5.16(a). 

USA P  atriot   Act    means United States Public Law 107-56, Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct  

Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary    means, at any time, any Subsidiary one hundred percent of all of the equity interests (except directors  qualifying shares) and voting interests of which are owned by any one or more of the Parent Guarantor and the Parent Guarantor s other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries at such time. 

Woodward FST    means Woodward FST, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Woodward HRT    means Woodward HRT, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Exhibit 1A 

[F  orm of   S  eries   N S  enior    N  ote  ] 

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  SECURITIES ACT ), OR PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES OR  BLUE SKY  LAWS OF ANY STATE OR FOREIGN JURISDICTION.  THIS NOTE IS SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE ASSIGNED, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT (AS DEFINED BELOW) AND PURSUANT TO (A) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THIS NOTE THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (B) RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) ANY OTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 

W  oodward   I  nternational    H  olding   B.V. 

S  eries   N S  enior    N  ote    D  ue    S  eptember   23, 2028 

For Value Received, the undersigned,   Woodward INTERNATIONAL HOLDING B.V  ., a Dutch private limited liability company (  besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid  ) having its official seat (  statutaire zetel  ) in Hoofddorp, the Netherlands and registered with the Dutch trade register under number 60725141   (herein called the    Company   ), hereby promises to pay to [____________], or registered assigns, the principal sum of   [_____________________]   EUROS (   [_________]  ) (or so much thereof as shall not have been prepaid) on September 23, 2028, with interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months) (a) on the unpaid balance hereof at the Applicable Rate (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below) with respect to this Note from the date hereof, payable semiannually, on the 23rd day of March and September in each year, commencing with the March or September next succeeding the date hereof, until the principal hereof shall have become due and payable, and (b) to the extent permitted by law, on any overdue payment of interest and, during the continuance of an Event of Default, on such unpaid balance and on any overdue payment of any Make-Whole Amount, Modified Make-Whole Amount or Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note, at a rate per annum from time to time equal to the Default Rate, payable semiannually as aforesaid (or, at the option of the registered holder hereof, on demand). 

Payments of principal of, interest on and any Make-Whole Amount and/or Modified  Make-Whole Amount with respect to this Note are to be made in Euros.  At any time this Note is a Swapped Note (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below), payments of any Make-Whole Amount and any Net Loss with respect to this Note are to be made in Dollars.  At any time this Note is a Non-Swapped Note (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below), payments of any Make-Whole Amount with respect to this Note are to be made in Euros.  In each case, payments on this Note are to be made at the principal office of Bank of America,  

N.A. in New York, New York or at such other place as the Company shall have designated by written notice to the holder of this Note as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below. 

This Note is one of a series of Series N Senior Notes (herein called the    Notes   ) issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated September 23, 2016 (as from time to time amended, the    Note Purchase Agreement   ), among Woodward, Inc., the Company and the respective Purchasers named therein and is entitled to the benefits thereof, and guarantied pursuant to that certain Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2016, by Woodward FST, MPC Products, Woodward HRT and the other Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, as from time to time amended.  Each holder of this Note will be deemed, by its acceptance hereof, to have (a) agreed to the confidentiality provisions set forth in Section 21 of the Note Purchase Agreement and (b) made the representation set forth in Section 6.3 of the Note Purchase Agreement.  Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used in this Note shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note Purchase Agreement. 

This Note is a registered Note and, as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed, by the registered holder hereof or such holder s attorney duly authorized in writing, a new Note for a like principal amount will be issued to, and registered in the name of, the transferee.  Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment and for all other purposes, and the Company will not be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

This Note is subject to prepayment, in whole or from time to time in part, at the times and on the terms specified in the Note Purchase Agreement, but not otherwise. 

If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the principal of this Note may be declared or otherwise become due and payable in the manner, at the price (including any applicable Make-Whole Amount and/or Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.11, net of any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note) and with the effect provided in the Note Purchase Agreement. 

This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the Company and the holder of this Note shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York excluding choice-of-law principles of the law of such State that would permit the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such State. 

WOODWARD INTERNATIONAL HOLDING B.V. 

By:     _____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit 1B 

[F  orm of   S  eries   O S  enior    N  ote  ] 

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  SECURITIES ACT ), OR PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES OR  BLUE SKY  LAWS OF ANY STATE OR FOREIGN JURISDICTION.  THIS NOTE IS SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE ASSIGNED, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT (AS DEFINED BELOW) AND PURSUANT TO (A) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THIS NOTE THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (B) RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) ANY OTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 

W  oodward    I  nternational    H  olding   B.V. 

S  eries   O S  enior    N  ote    D  ue    S  eptember   23, 2031 

For Value Received, the undersigned,   Woodward INTERNATIONAL HOLDING B.V.  ,     a Dutch private limited liability company (  besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid  ) having its official seat (  statutaire zetel  ) in Hoofddorp, the Netherlands and registered with the Dutch trade register under number 60725141   (herein called the    Company   ), hereby promises to pay to   [____________]  , or registered assigns, the principal sum of   [_____________________]   EUROS   (   [_________]  ) (or so much thereof as shall not have been prepaid) on September 23, 2031, with interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months) (a) on the unpaid balance hereof at the Applicable Rate (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below) with respect to this Note from the date hereof, payable semiannually, on the 23rd day of March and September in each year, commencing with the March or September next succeeding the date hereof, until the principal hereof shall have become due and payable, and (b) to the extent permitted by law, on any overdue payment of interest and, during the continuance of an Event of Default, on such unpaid balance and on any overdue payment of any Make-Whole Amount, Modified Make-Whole Amount or Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note, at a rate per annum from time to time equal to the Default Rate, payable semiannually as aforesaid (or, at the option of the registered holder hereof, on demand). 

Payments of principal of, interest on and any Make-Whole Amount and/or Modified  Make-Whole Amount with respect to this Note are to be made in Euros.  At any time this Note is a Swapped Note (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below), payments of any Make-Whole Amount and any Net Loss with respect to this Note are to be made in Dollars.  At any time this Note is a Non-Swapped Note (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below), payments of any Make-Whole Amount with respect to this Note are to be made in Euros.  In each case, payments on this Note are to be made at the principal office of Bank of America,  

N.A. in New York, New York or at such other place as the Company shall have designated by written notice to the holder of this Note as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below. 

This Note is one of a series of Series O Senior Notes (herein called the    Notes   ) issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated September 23, 2016 (as from time to time amended, the    Note Purchase Agreement   ), among Woodward, Inc., the Company and the respective Purchasers named therein and is entitled to the benefits thereof, and guarantied pursuant to that certain Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2016, by Woodward FST, MPC Products, Woodward HRT and the other Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, as from time to time amended.  Each holder of this Note will be deemed, by its acceptance hereof, to have (a) agreed to the confidentiality provisions set forth in Section 21 of the Note Purchase Agreement and (b) made the representation set forth in Section 6.3 of the Note Purchase Agreement.  Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used in this Note shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note Purchase Agreement. 

This Note is a registered Note and, as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed, by the registered holder hereof or such holder s attorney duly authorized in writing, a new Note for a like principal amount will be issued to, and registered in the name of, the transferee.  Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment and for all other purposes, and the Company will not be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

This Note is subject to prepayment, in whole or from time to time in part, at the times and on the terms specified in the Note Purchase Agreement, but not otherwise. 

If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the principal of this Note may be declared or otherwise become due and payable in the manner, at the price (including any applicable Make-Whole Amount and/or Net Loss with respect to any Swapped Note and, subject to Section 8.11, net of any Net Gain with respect to any Swapped Note) and with the effect provided in the Note Purchase Agreement. 

This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the Company and the holder of this Note shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York excluding choice-of-law principles of the law of such State that would permit the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such State. 

WOODWARD INTERNATIONAL HOLDING B.V. 

By:     _____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit 2 

F  orm     of    S  ubsidiary   G  uaranty   A  greement 

See attached 

GUARANTY AGREEMENT 

THIS GUARANTY AGREEMENT (this    Agreement    or this    Guaranty   ) dated as of September 23, 2016, is entered into on a joint and several basis by each party listed on the signature pages hereto together with any entity which may become a party hereto by execution and delivery of a Guaranty Supplement in substantially the form set forth as   Exhibit A   hereto (a    Guaranty Supplement   ) (each such party individually, a    Guarantor    and collectively, the    Guarantors   ).  Woodward, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Parent   ) and Woodward International Holding B.V., a Dutch private limited liability company (the    Company   ), are entering into that certain Note Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof (the    Note Purchase Agreement   ) by and among the Parent, the Company and each of the institutional investors named on Schedule A attached to such Note Purchase Agreement (the    Note Purchasers   ), providing for, among other things, the issue and sale by the Company to the Note Purchasers of (a)  77,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.31% Series A Senior Notes due September 23, 2028 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Series A Notes   ) and (b)  43,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.57% Series B Senior Notes due September 23, 2031 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Series B Notes    and together with the Series A Notes, collectively, the    Notes   ).  The Note Purchasers together with their respective successors and assigns are collectively referred to herein as the    Noteholders  .   Any capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Note Purchase Agreement. 

The Note Purchasers have required as a condition of their purchase of the Notes that the Parent cause each of the undersigned to enter into this Guaranty and, in accordance with Section 9.8 of the Note Purchase Agreement, cause each Subsidiary which from time to time becomes obligated as a guarantor or obligor under any Major Credit Facility to enter into a Guaranty Supplement, in each case as security for the Notes, and the Parent has agreed to cause each of the undersigned to execute this Guaranty and, in accordance with Section 9.8 of the Note Purchase Agreement, to cause each Subsidiary which from time to time becomes obligated as a guarantor or obligor under any Major Credit Facility to execute a Guaranty Supplement, in each case, in order to induce the Note Purchasers to purchase the Notes and thereby benefit the Parent and its Subsidiaries by providing funds to enable the Company to have funds available to refinance existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.  Each of the Guarantors is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Parent and acknowledges that it will derive substantial benefit from the purchase of Notes by the Note Purchasers.  As consideration therefor and in order to induce the Note Purchasers to purchase Notes, the Guarantors are willing to execute this Agreement. 

Accordingly, each Guarantor hereby agrees as follows: 

SECTION 1.           Guaranty  .  Each Guarantor unconditionally guaranties, jointly with the other Guarantors and severally, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, (a) the due and punctual payment of (i) the principal of and premium, if any, the Make-Whole Amount and Modified Make-Whole Amount, if any, the Net Loss, if any, and interest (including interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on the Notes, when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set for prepayment or otherwise and (ii) all other monetary obligations, including fees (including reasonable attorneys   

fees), costs, expenses and indemnities, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), owed by the Company to the Noteholders under the Note Purchase Agreement and the Notes and (b) the due and punctual performance of all covenants, agreements, obligations and liabilities of the Company under or pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement and the Notes (all the monetary and other obligations referred to in the preceding clauses (a) and (b) being collectively referred to herein as the    Obligations   ).  Each Guarantor further agrees that the Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent from it, and that it will remain bound upon its guaranty notwithstanding any extension or renewal of any Obligation.  Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to a maximum aggregate amount equal to the greatest amount that would not render such Guarantor s obligations hereunder subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of Title 11 of the United States Code or any provisions of applicable state law (collectively, the    Fraudulent Transfer Laws   ), in each case after giving effect to all other liabilities of such Guarantor, contingent or otherwise, that are relevant under the Fraudulent Transfer Laws (specifically excluding, however, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any liabilities of such Guarantor (a) in respect of intercompany indebtedness to the Company or Affiliates of the Company to the extent that such indebtedness would be discharged in an amount equal to the amount paid by such Guarantor hereunder and (b) under any guaranty of senior unsecured Indebtedness or Indebtedness subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations which guaranty contains a limitation as to maximum amount similar to that set forth in this paragraph, pursuant to which the liability of such Guarantor hereunder is included in the liabilities taken into account in determining such maximum amount) and after giving effect as assets to the value (as determined under the applicable provisions of the Fraudulent Transfer Laws) of any rights to subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar rights of such Guarantor pursuant to (i) applicable law or (ii) any agreement providing for an equitable allocation among such Guarantor and other Affiliates of the Company of obligations arising under guaranties by such parties. 

SECTION 2.           Obligations Not Waived  .  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor waives presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to the Company of any of the Obligations, and also waives notice of acceptance of this Guaranty and notice of protest for nonpayment.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall not be affected by (a) the failure of any Noteholder to assert any claim or demand or to enforce or exercise any right or remedy against the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person under the provisions of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Notes or otherwise, (b) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any release from any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement, the Notes, any guaranty or any other agreement, including with respect to any other Guarantor under this Agreement or (c) the failure to perfect any security interest in, or the release of, any of the security, if any, held by or on behalf of any Noteholder. 

SECTION 3.           Security  .  Each of the Guarantors authorizes each of the Noteholders to (a) take and hold security for the payment of this Guaranty and the Obligations and exchange, enforce, waive and release any such security, (b) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as they in their sole discretion may determine and (c) release or substitute any one  

or more endorsees, other guarantors or other obligors, in each under clauses (a) and (b), subject to Section 9.8 of the Note Purchase Agreement. 

SECTION 4.           Guaranty of Payment  .  Each Guarantor further agrees that this Guaranty constitutes a guaranty of payment when due and not of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by any Noteholder to the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person, to any of the security held for payment of the Obligations or to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of any Noteholder in favor of the Company or any other Person. 

SECTION 5.           No Discharge or Diminishment of Guaranty  .  The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Obligations or, with respect to any Guarantor, the release of such Guarantor pursuant to Section 9.8(b) of the Note Purchase Agreement), including any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Obligations, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of the Obligations or otherwise.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by the failure of any Noteholder to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under the Note Purchase Agreement, the Notes or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification of any provision of any thereof, by any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of the Obligations, or by any other act or omission that may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of any Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Obligations). 

SECTION 6.           Defenses of Company Waived  .  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each of the Guarantors waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of the Company or the unenforceability of the Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of the Company, other than the final and indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Obligations.  The Noteholders may, at their election, foreclose on any security held by one or more of them by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such security in lieu of foreclosure, compromise or adjust any part of the Obligations, make any other accommodation with the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or exercise any other right or remedy available to them against the Company or any other Guarantor, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any Guarantor hereunder except to the extent the Obligations have been fully, finally and indefeasibly paid in cash. Pursuant to applicable law, each of the Guarantors waives any defense arising out of any such election even though such election operates, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or to extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of such Guarantor against the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person, as the case may be, or any security. 

SECTION 7.           Agreement to Pay; Subordination  .  In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right that any Noteholder has at law or in equity against any Guarantor by virtue hereof, upon the failure of the Company to pay any Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, each Guarantor hereby promises to and will forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to such Noteholder as designated thereby in cash the amount of such unpaid Obligations.  Upon payment by any  

Guarantor of any sums to any Noteholder as provided above, all rights of such Guarantor against the Company arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Obligations.  In addition, any indebtedness of the Company or any Guarantor now or hereafter held by any Guarantor is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the Obligations.  If any amount shall erroneously be paid to any Guarantor on account of (i) such subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar right or (ii) any such indebtedness of the Company or any other Guarantor, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Noteholders and shall forthwith be paid to the Noteholders to be credited against the payment of the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement and the Notes. 

SECTION 8.           Information  .  Each of the Guarantors assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of the Company s financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that such Guarantor assumes and incurs hereunder, and agrees that no Noteholder will have any duty to advise any of the Guarantors of information known to it or any of them regarding such circumstances or risks. 

SECTION 9.           Representations and Warranties  .  Each of the Guarantors represents and warrants as to itself that all representations and warranties relating to it contained in the Note Purchase Agreement are true and correct. 

SECTION 10.          Termination  .  This Guaranty (a) shall terminate when all the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash and (b) shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by any Noteholder or any Guarantor upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of the Company, any Guarantor or otherwise;   provided however,   that this Guaranty shall terminate as to any Guarantor upon satisfaction of the requirements specified in Section 9.8(b) of the Note Purchase Agreement with respect to such Guarantor. 

SECTION 11.          Binding Effect; Several Agreement; Assignments  .  Whenever in this Agreement any of the parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the successors and assigns of such party; and all covenants, promises and agreements by or on behalf of the Guarantors that are contained in this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of each Noteholder and their respective successors and assigns.  This Agreement shall become effective as to any Guarantor when a counterpart hereof has been executed on behalf of such Guarantor and thereafter shall be binding upon such Guarantor and its successors and assigns (provided that no Guarantor shall have the right to assign its obligations under this Agreement without the consent of each holder of a Note and any such attempted assignment shall be void) and shall inure to the benefit of the Noteholders and their respective successors and assigns. Promptly after the execution hereof or of any Guaranty Supplement, the Guarantors shall deliver a copy thereof to each holder of a Note.  This Agreement shall be construed as a separate agreement with respect to each Guarantor and may be amended, modified, supplemented, waived or released with respect to any Guarantor without the approval of any other Guarantor and without affecting the obligations of any other Guarantor hereunder. 

SECTION 12.          Waivers; Amendment  .   

a.      No failure or delay of any Noteholder in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power.  The rights and remedies of any Noteholder hereunder and under the Note Purchase Agreement and the Notes are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have.  No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by any Guarantor therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) below, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. No notice or demand on any Guarantor in any case shall entitle such Guarantor to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances.  

b.      Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to a written agreement entered into between the Guarantors with respect to which such waiver, amendment or modification relates and the Required Holders; provided that any Guarantor shall be released from this Guaranty upon satisfaction of the requirements set forth in Section 9.8(b) of the Note Purchase Agreement with respect to such Guarantor.  

SECTION 13.          GOVERNING LAW  .  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK EXCLUDING CHOICE-OF-LAW PRINCIPLES OF THE LAW OF SUCH STATE THAT WOULD PERMIT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN SUCH STATE. 

SECTION 14.          Notices  .  All communications and notices hereunder shall be in writing and given as provided in Section 18 of the Note Purchase Agreement. All communications and notices hereunder to a Guarantor shall be given to it in care of the Company at the address set forth in Section 18 of the Note Purchase Agreement. 

SECTION 15.          Survival of Agreement, Severability  .   

a.      All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Guarantors herein and in the certificates or other instruments prepared or delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes shall be considered to have been relied upon by each Note Purchaser and each other holder of a Note and shall survive the purchase of the Notes and any transfer thereof, including successive transfers, regardless of any investigation made by any Note Purchaser or other holder of a Note or on their behalf, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Note or any other fee or amount payable under this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement or any Note is outstanding.  

b.      In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable  

in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein and therein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby (it being understood that the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not in and of itself affect the validity of such provision in any other jurisdiction).  The parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 

SECTION 16.          Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract, and shall become effective as provided in Section 11.  Delivery of an executed signature page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

SECTION 17.           Jurisdiction and Process; Waiver of Jury Trial  .   

a.      Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor irrevocably waives and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise, any claim that such Guarantor is not subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, any objection that such Guarantor may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.   

b.      Each Guarantor agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that a final judgment in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 17(a) brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon it subject to rights of appeal, as the case may be, and may be enforced in the courts of the United States of America or the State of New York (or any other courts to the jurisdiction of which it or any of its assets is or may be subject) by a suit upon such judgment.  

c.      Each Guarantor consents to process being served by or on behalf of any Noteholder in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 17(a) by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to it at the address specified in Section 14 or at such other address of which such Noteholder shall then have been notified pursuant to such Section.  Each Guarantor agrees that such service upon receipt (i) shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon such Guarantor in any such suit, action or proceeding and (ii) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be taken and held to be valid personal service upon and personal delivery to such Guarantor.  Notices hereunder shall be conclusively presumed received as evidenced by a delivery receipt furnished by the United States Postal Service or any reputable commercial delivery service.    

d.      Nothing in this Agreement shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any manner permitted by law, or limit any right that any Noteholder may have to bring proceedings against any Guarantor in the courts of any appropriate jurisdiction or to enforce in any lawful manner a judgment obtained in one jurisdiction in any other jurisdiction.  

e.      The parties hereto hereby waive trial by jury in any action brought on or with respect to this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement, the Notes or any other document executed in connection herewith or therewith.   

SECTION 18.          Right of Setoff  .  If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Noteholder is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other Indebtedness at any time owing by such Noteholder to or for the credit or the account of any Guarantor against any or all the obligations of such Guarantor now or hereafter existing under this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes held by such Noteholder, irrespective of whether or not such Noteholder shall have made any demand under this Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes and although such obligations may be unmatured.  The rights of each Noteholder under this Section 18 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Noteholder may have. 

SECTION 19.          Additional Guarantors  .  Pursuant to Section 9.8(a) of the Note Purchase Agreement, certain Subsidiaries of the Company are required to enter into a Guaranty Supplement and become a party to this Agreement.  Upon execution and delivery, after the date hereof, by any such Subsidiary of a Guaranty Supplement, such Subsidiary shall become a Guarantor hereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named as a Guarantor herein.  The execution and delivery of any instrument adding an additional Guarantor as a party to this Agreement shall not require the consent of any other Guarantor hereunder.  The rights and obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the addition of any new Guarantor as a party to this Agreement. 

SECTION 20.          Obligation to Make Payment in Euros  . 

Any payment on account of an amount that is payable hereunder or under the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes in Euros which is made to or for the account of any holder in any other currency, whether as a result of any judgment or order or the enforcement thereof or the realization of any security or the liquidation of any Guarantor, shall constitute a discharge of the obligations of the Guarantors under this Agreement only to the extent of the amount of Euros which such holder could purchase in the foreign exchange markets in London, England, with the amount of such other currency in accordance with normal banking procedures at the rate of exchange prevailing on the London Banking Day following receipt of the payment first referred to above.  If the amount of Euros that could be so purchased is less than the amount of Euros originally due to such holder, each Guarantor agrees to the fullest extent permitted by law, to indemnify and save harmless such holder from and against all loss or damage arising out of or as a result of such deficiency.  This indemnity shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, constitute an obligation separate and independent from the other obligations contained in this Agreement,  

shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by such holder from time to time and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment or order for a liquidated sum in respect of an amount due hereunder or under the Note Purchase Agreement or the Notes or under any judgment or order.  As used herein the term  London Banking Day  shall mean any day other than Saturday or Sunday or a day on which commercial banks are required or authorized by law to be closed in London, England. 

[  Intentionally Left Blank - Signature Page Follows  ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

WOODWARD FST, INC. 

By: _______________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

MPC PRODUCTS CORPORATION 

By: _______________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

WOODWARD HRT, INC. 

By: _______________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT A 

GUARANTY SUPPLEMENT 

To the Noteholders (as defined in the hereinafter  

defined Guaranty Agreement) 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

WHEREAS, to enable Woodward International Holding B.V., a Dutch private limited liability company (the    Company   ), and its Subsidiaries to have funds available to refinance existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes, the Company and Woodward, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Parent   ) have entered into that certain Note Purchase Agreement dated as of September 23, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Note Purchase Agreement   ) among the Company, the Parent and each of the institutional investors named on Schedule A attached to such Note Purchase Agreement (the    Note Purchasers   ), providing for, among other things, the issue and sale by the Company to the Note Purchasers of (a)  77,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.31% Series A Senior Notes due September 23, 2028 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Series A Notes   ) and (b)  43,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.57% Series B Senior Notes due September 23, 2031 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Series B Notes    and together with the Series A Notes, collectively, the    Notes   ).  Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in the hereinafter defined Guaranty Agreement unless herein defined or the context shall otherwise require. 

WHEREAS, as a condition precedent to their purchase of the Notes, the Note Purchasers required that from time to time certain subsidiaries of the Parent enter into a Guaranty Agreement as security for the Notes (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Guaranty Agreement   ). 

Pursuant to Section 9.8(a) of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Parent has agreed to cause the undersigned, ____________, a [corporation] organized under the laws of ______________ (the    Additional Guarantor   ), to join in the Guaranty Agreement.  In accordance with the requirements of the Guaranty Agreement, the Additional Guarantor does hereby become a party to the Guaranty Agreement and desires to amend the definition of Guarantor (as the same may have been heretofore amended) set forth in the Guaranty Agreement attached hereto so that at all times from and after the date hereof, the Additional Guarantor is and shall be bound by the terms of the Guaranty Agreement and shall be jointly and severally liable as set forth in the Guaranty Agreement for the obligations of the Company under the Note Purchase Agreement and Notes to the extent and in the manner set forth in the Guaranty Agreement. 

The undersigned is the duly elected ____________ of the Additional Guarantor, a subsidiary of the Parent, and is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Guaranty Supplement to each of you.  The execution by the undersigned of this Guaranty Supplement shall evidence its consent to and acknowledgment and approval of the terms set forth herein and in the Guaranty Agreement and by such execution the Additional Guarantor shall be deemed to have made in favor  

of the Noteholders the representations and warranties set forth in Section 9 of the Guaranty Agreement. 

Upon execution of this Guaranty Supplement, the Guaranty Agreement shall be deemed to be amended as set forth above.  Except as amended herein, the terms and provisions of the Guaranty Agreement are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved in all respects. 

Any and all notices, requests, certificates and other instruments (including the Notes) may refer to the Guaranty Agreement without making specific reference to this Guaranty Supplement, but nevertheless all such references shall be deemed to include this Guaranty Supplement unless the context shall otherwise require. 

Dated: __________________, 20__. 

[NAME OF ADDITIONAL GUARANTOR]  

By: _______________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit 4.5(a) 

F  orm of    O  pinion of    S  pecial    C  ounsel 

for the   P  arent   G  uarantor     and the   C  losing    S  ubsidiary    G  uarantors 

See attached 

[INTENTIONALLY REMOVED] 

Exhibit 4.5(b)   

F  orm of   O  pinion of   D  utch    S  pecial    C  ounsel for the   C  ompany 

See attached 

[INTENTIONALLY REMOVED] 

Exhibit 4.5(c) 

F  orm of   O  pinion of    S  pecial    C  ounsel for the   P  urchasers 

See attached 

[INTENTIONALLY REMOVED] 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 wwd-20160930xex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries

Exhibit 21.1 

Woodward, Inc.  

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Entity Name  

Jurisdiction of Organization  

Techni-Core, Inc  

Delaware, USA  

MPC Export Corporation  

British Virgin Islands  

MPC Products Corporation dba Woodward MPC, Inc.  

Illinois, USA  

Woodward FST, Inc.   

Delaware, USA  

Woodward Controls, Inc  

Delaware, USA  

Woodward International, Inc  

Delaware, USA  

Woodward Aken GmbH  

Aken, Germany  

Woodward Swiss Holding GmbH  

Lucerne, Switzerland  

WGC LLC   

Delaware, USA  

Woodward Germany Verwaltungs GmbH  

Frankfurt am Main, Germany  

Woodward Germany GmbH   Co. KG  

Frankfurt am Main, Germany  

Woodward India Private Limited   

New Delhi, India  

Woodward International Holding B.V.  

Hoofddorp, The Netherlands  

Woodward Nederland B.V.  

Hoofddorp, The Netherlands  

Woodward Nederland Holding B.V.  

Hoofddorp, The Netherlands  

Woodward (Japan) Ltd.  

Chiba, Japan  

Woodward Poland Sp.Zo.o  

Krakow, Poland  

Woodward Regulateur (Quebec), Inc.  

Quebec, Canada  

Woodward Comercio de Sistemas de Controle e Protecao Electrica Ltda.  

Sao Paulo, Brazil  

Woodward GmbH  

Stuttgart, Germany  

Woodward Hong Kong Limited   

Hong Kong, China  

Woodward (Tianjin) Controls Company Limited  

Tianjin, China  

Woodward Controls (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.  

Suzhou, China  

Woodward Kempen GmbH  

Kempen, Germany  

Woodward Power Solutions GmbH   

Kempen, Germany  

Woodward HRT, Inc.  

Delaware, USA  

Woodward Energy Controls Singapore Pte Ltd.  

Singapore  

Woodward CIS Limited Liability Company   

St. Petersburg, Russia  

N1870G Leasing Company  

Delaware, USA  

Woodward Mototron Systems LLC (Joint Venture)  

Delaware, USA  

Woodward IDS Switzerland GmbH  

Zug, Switzerland  

Woodward IDS Bulgaria EOOD  

Sofia, Bulgaria  

Woodward Fuel Systems Holding, LLC  

Delaware, USA  

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 wwd-20160930xex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-170761 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-10409, 333-66422, 333-82302, 333-112521, 333-133640 and 333-179248 on Form S-8 of our reports dated November 16, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Woodward, Inc., and the effectiveness of Woodward, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Woodward, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2016. 

/s/ Deloitte   Touche LLP 

Denver, Colorado 

November 1  6  , 201  6 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 wwd-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

Woodward, Inc. 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certifications 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Thomas A. Gendron, certify that: 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:    November   1  6  ,   201  6  

/s/ Thomas A. Gendron  

Thomas A. Gendron  

Chairman of the Board,   
					 
						  Chief Executive Officer, and President  
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer)  

A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), has been provided to Woodward and will be retained by Woodward and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 wwd-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

Woodward, Inc. 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certifications 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Robert F. Weber, Jr., certify that: 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:    November   1  6  , 201  6  

/s/ Robert F. Weber, Jr.  

Robert F. Weber, Jr.  

Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, and  
					 
						 Treasurer  
					 
						 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), has been provided to Woodward and will be retained by Woodward and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 wwd-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Woodward, Inc. 

Section 1350 certifications 

We hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that the accompanying   Annual   Report on Form 10-  K   for the period ended   September   30  , 201  6   (the  Annual Report )  , of Woodward, Inc., fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the   Annual   Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Woodward, Inc. 

Date:  

November   1  6  , 201  6  

/s/ Thomas A. Gendron  

Thomas A. Gendron   Chairman of the Board,  
					 
						 Chief Executive Officer  ,    and President  

Date:  

November   1  6  , 201  6  

/s/ Robert F. Weber, Jr.   

Robert F. Weber, Jr.     Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer,  and   Treasurer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(  b  )/15d-14(  b  )   and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350  , or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement, has been provided to Woodward and will be retained by Woodward and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 wwd-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 wwd-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 wwd-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 wwd-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 wwd-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 wwd-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

