<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1426800_0001144204-16-132547_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3178754</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>190052</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>175614</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>777654</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1405229</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>566156</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>16</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132547.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109061139
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132547
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001426800
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35005
		FILM NUMBER:		161982707

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11711 N. MERIDIAN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 310
		CITY:			CARMEL
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46032
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 554-4388

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11711 N. MERIDIAN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 310
		CITY:			CARMEL
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46032

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VENTRUS BIOSCIENCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080211

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132547.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451818_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

x          QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  

  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  

  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from ___________to___________.  

Commission file number: 001-35005  

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Delaware  
      20-8729264   
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of 
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  
 
     incorporation or organization) 

(317) 210-9311  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

101 Sixth Avenue, Ninth Floor  

  New York, New York 10013  

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES     x    NO       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES   x
   NO     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of
 large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.  

Large Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated Filer   
      x   
 
     Non-accelerated Filer 
         
         (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller Reporting Company   

Indicate by check mark whether registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES     
  NO   x  

As of November 3, 2016, there were 17,225,554
shares of registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Index  

Page 
    Number  

PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
     1  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     13  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
     16  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
     16  

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
     16  

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
     16  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     31  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     31  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
     31  

Item 5. Other Information  
     31  

Item 6. Exhibits  
     32  

SIGNATURES   
     33  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

     Item 1.   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements.  

1   

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

 (UNAUDITED) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements.  

2   

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS  

 (UNAUDITED) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements.  

3   

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

 (UNAUDITED) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements.  

4   

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (UNAUDITED) 

Note 1 - Business  

Overview  

Assembly Biosciences, Inc. ( Assembly 
or the  Company ) is a biotechnology company advancing two innovative platform programs: (i) HBV-cure program, which
is advancing a new class of oral therapeutics for the treatment of hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection and (ii) microbiome program,
which is a novel class of oral biological therapeutics, which are designed to restore health to a dysbiotic microbiome. 

The Company s HBV-cure program is aimed
at increasing the current low cure rates for patients with HBV and is pursuing several drug candidates that inhibit multiple viral
targets throughout the HBV lifecycle for possible use alone or in combination therapy. Assembly has discovered several novel core
protein Allosteric Modulators (CpAMs), which are small molecules that directly target and allosterically modulate a number of
HBV core protein (HBc) functions. 

The Company s microbiome program consists
of a fully integrated platform that includes a robust strain identification and selection process, methods for strain isolation
and growth under current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) conditions, and a patent-pending delivery system, GEMICEL  
TM  , which allows for targeted oral delivery of live biologic and conventional therapies to the lower gastrointestinal
(GI) tract. The lead program from this platform, ABI-M101, is in development for the treatment of  C. difficile   infections
 (CDI). Using its microbiome platform, the Company is developing additional product candidates for multiple indications including
other gastrointestinal indications, metabolic disorders, immunotherapy, and autoimmune diseases. 

Liquidity  

The Company has not derived any revenue from
product sales to date as it currently has no approved products. Once a product has been developed, it will need to be approved
for sale by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or an applicable foreign regulatory agency. Since inception, the Company s
operations have been financed primarily through the sale of equity securities, the proceeds from the exercise of warrants and
stock options and the issuance of debt. The Company has incurred losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating
activities since inception and expects to continue to incur substantial losses for the next several years as it continues its
product development efforts. Management believes the Company currently has sufficient funds to meet its operating requirements
for at least the next twelve months. If the Company cannot generate significant cash from its operations, it intends to obtain
any additional funding it requires through strategic relationships, public or private equity or debt financings, grants or other
arrangements. The Company cannot assure such funding will be available on reasonable terms, if at all. 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying condensed consolidated interim
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiary. All intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated. 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(U.S. GAAP) for interim financial information and pursuant to the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X of
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and on the same basis as the Company prepares its annual audited consolidated
financial statements. The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016, condensed consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, condensed consolidated statements
of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and condensed consolidated statement of changes in stockholders 
equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are unaudited, but include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring
adjustments, which the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results and cash
flows for the periods presented. The results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative
of results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or for any future interim period. The consolidated balance sheet
at December 31, 2015 has been derived from audited financial statements; however, it does not include all of the information and
notes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, and notes thereto
included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on March
11, 2016 (the  2015 Annual Report ). 

5   

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (UNAUDITED) 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts
of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Significant estimates inherent in the preparation
of the accompanying financial statements include recoverability and useful lives (indefinite) of intangible assets, assessment
of impairment of goodwill, and the fair value of stock options and warrants granted to employees, consultants, directors, investors,
licensors, placement agents and underwriters. 

The Company s estimates could be affected
by external conditions, including those unique to the Company and general economic conditions. It is reasonably possible that
these external factors could have an effect on the Company s estimates and could cause actual results to differ from those
estimates and assumptions. 

Significant Accounting Policies  

There have been no material changes in the
Company s significant accounting policies to those previously disclosed in the 2015 Annual Report. 

Reclassification  

Certain reclassifications have been made
to previous period amounts to conform to the current period presentation on the condensed consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss. The unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities has been included in accumulated other comprehensive
loss, and the amount of gain reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss into realized gain from marketable securities
when the securities were sold was $1,609 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment are stated at cost
and consist of lab equipment, computer hardware and software and leaseholder improvements. The Company computes depreciation under
the straight-line method over the following estimated useful life of the related assets: 

Lab
equipment 3 to 5 years  

Computer
hardware and software 3 to 5 years  

Leasehold improvements are amortized over
the remaining terms of the respective leases or the estimated useful life of the leasehold improvements, whichever is less. Maintenance
and repair costs are expensed as incurred. 

Loss per Share of Common Stock  

Basic net loss per share of common stock excludes
dilution and is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the
period.  Diluted net loss per share of common stock reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or
other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock
that then shared in the earnings of the entity unless inclusion of such shares would be anti-dilutive.  Since the Company
has only incurred losses, basic and diluted net loss per share is the same.  Securities that could potentially result
in diluted loss per share in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted loss per share at September 30, 2016
and 2015 are as follows: 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers ,
an updated standard on revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 provides enhancements to the quality and consistency of how revenue
is reported by companies while also improving comparability in the financial statements of companies reporting using International
Financial Reporting Standards or U.S. GAAP. The main purpose of the new standard is for companies to recognize revenue to
depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which a company expects to be
entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard also results in enhanced disclosures about revenue, provides
guidance for transactions that were not previously addressed comprehensively and improves guidance for multiple-element arrangements. In
July 2015, the FASB voted to approve a one-year deferral of the effective date of ASU 2014-09, which will be effective for the
Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 and may be applied on a full retrospective or modified retrospective approach.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

6   

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (UNAUDITED) 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern . ASU 2014-15 explicitly requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue
as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. In connection with each annual and interim
period, management will assess if there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within
one year after the issuance date. Management will consider relevant conditions that are known, and reasonably knowable, at the
issuance date. Substantial doubt exists if it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations within one year
after the issuance date. Disclosures will be required if conditions give rise to substantial doubt. The new standard will be effective
for all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In January 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . ASU 2016-01 requires equity investments to be
measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments
without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment; eliminates the requirement
for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required
to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; requires public business entities to
use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; requires an entity to
present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from
a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance
with the fair value option for financial instruments; requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities
by measurement category and form of financial assets on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements;
and clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale
securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. ASU 2016-01 will be effective for financial statements
issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-01 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842)  which supersedes FASB Topic 840,  Leases (Topic 840)  and provides principles for the recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both lessees and lessors. The new standard requires lessees to apply a dual
approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively
a financed purchase by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective
interest method or on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, respectively. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use
asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than twelve months regardless of classification. Leases with
a term of twelve months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases. The standard will be effective
for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted upon issuance. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . The amendment is
to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions including the income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. For public entities, the amendments
in ASU 2016-09 are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently
assessing the impact of ASU 2016-09 on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customer . The new guidance is an update to ASC 606 and provides clarity on: identifying performance
obligations and licensing implementation. For public companies, ASU 2016-10 is effective for annual periods, including interim
periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU
2016-10 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

7   

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (UNAUDITED) 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . ASU 2016-13 requires that
expected credit losses relating to financial assets measured on an amortized cost basis and available-for-sale debt securities
be recorded through an allowance for credit losses. ASU 2016-13 limits the amount of credit losses to be recognized for available-for-sale
debt securities to the amount by which carrying value exceeds fair value and also requires the reversal of previously recognized
credit losses if fair value increases. The new standard will be effective on January 1, 2020. Early adoption will be available
on January 1, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on its consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash
Payments,  which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice
in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted,
including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this new pronouncement
on its consolidated statements of cash flows and related disclosures.  

Note 3 - Marketable Securities  

Marketable securities consist of the following
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The contractual term to maturity of short-term
marketable securities held by the Company as of September 30, 2016 is less than one year. The contractual term to maturity of
long-term marketable securities held by the Company as of September 30, 2016 is 1 to 2 years. 

8   

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (UNAUDITED) 

The fair value of marketable securities was classified into fair
value measurement categories as of September 30, 2016 as follows: 

The fair values of marketable securities are
determined using quoted market prices from daily exchange traded markets based on the closing prices as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015. 

There were no transfers of marketable securities
between Levels 1, 2 and 3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The following table shows the Company s
investments  gross unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual
securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at September 30, 2016. 

The Company has determined that the unrealized
losses are deemed to be temporary impairments as of September 30, 2016. The Company believes that the unrealized losses generally
are caused by increases in the risk premiums required by market participants rather than an adverse change in cash flows or a
fundamental weakness in the credit quality of the issuer or underlying assets. Because the Company has the ability and intent
to hold these investments until a recovery of fair value, which may be maturity, it does not consider the investment in corporate
bonds to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

Note 4 - Property, Plant and Equipment, Net  

Property, plant and equipment, consists of
the following: 

Depreciation expense for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $18,000 and $18,000, respectively, and was recorded in both research and development
expense and general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Depreciation expense for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $55,000 and $48,000, respectively, and was recorded in both research and development
expense and general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

9   

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (UNAUDITED) 

Note 5 - Accrued Expenses  

Accrued expenses consist of the following: 

Note 6 - Stockholders  Equity  

Common Stock  

On July 10, 2014, the Company s stockholders
approved a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001
per share, effective as of July 11, 2014 at 5:01 p.m. Eastern time (the  Split Effective Time ). At the Split Effective
Time, all shares of common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Split Effective Time, including shares issued
to the shareholders of Assembly Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in connection with the acquisition of Assembly Pharmaceuticals, Inc., were
automatically reclassified into a smaller number of shares such that each five shares of issued common stock immediately prior
to the Split Effective Time were reclassified into one share of common stock. Proportional adjustments to outstanding warrants,
options and other equity awards and equity compensation were also made. No fractional shares were issued and, in lieu thereof,
any person who would otherwise be entitled to a fractional share of common stock as a result of the reverse stock split was entitled
to receive a cash payment equal to the fraction to which such holder would otherwise be entitled multiplied by the closing price
per share of common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market on July 11, 2014, which was $1.45. On June 29, 2016, the Company cancelled
108 shares of common stock, which represented the aggregate number of fractional shares that were cashed out as a result of the
reverse stock split. 

Options  

In July 2010, the stockholders approved the
2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2010 Plan ), under which, as of September 30, 2016, there were outstanding options
to purchase an aggregate of 714,209 shares of common stock. Effective on June 2, 2016, the 2010 Plan was frozen and no further
grants will be made under the 2010 Plan. Shares that are forfeited under the 2010 Plan on or after June 2, 2016 will become available
for issuance under the Amended and Restated 2014 Plan (as defined below). 

In July 2014, the stockholders approved the
2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2014 Plan ). On June 2, 2016, at the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the  Annual
Meeting ), the stockholders of the Company approved the amendment and restatement of the Company s 2014 Plan (the
 Amended and Restated 2014 Plan ). Pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated 2014 Plan, the maximum number
of shares reserved for issuance thereunder is 4,160,000 (representing an increase of 1,600,000). As of September 30, 2016, there
were outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 3,041,341 shares of common stock and 1,046,570 shares available for grant
under the Amended and Restated 2014 Plan. Additionally, 21,251 shares of common stock forfeited under the 2010 Plan since June
2, 2016 are available for issuance under the Amended and Restated 2014 Plan. 

A summary of the Company s option activity and related information
for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

10   

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (UNAUDITED) 

The fair value of the options granted for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, were based on the following assumptions: 

Estimated future stock-based compensation
expense relating to unvested stock options is as follows: 

Unamortized stock-based compensation expense
amounted to $5.7 million at September 30, 2016. The weighted average remaining amortization period is approximately 1.8 years at
September 30, 2016. 

Stock-based compensation expense for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

Warrants  

There was no warrant activity for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. The weighted average remaining contractual life of 16,909 shares of outstanding warrants at September
30, 2016 is approximately 3.7 years. 

Note 7 - Commitments  

Real Property Leases     

The Company leases office space for corporate
functions in Carmel, IN under a lease agreement with a monthly lease payment of approximately $5,958 that expires in June 2021.
The Company also leases office space for administrative functions in New York, NY under an agreement with a monthly lease payment
of $4,089 that expires in November 2016. The leased locations in Carmel, IN and New York, NY support both the HBV-cure and microbiome
programs. 

The Company leases office and laboratory
space in San Francisco, California under a sublease that expires in December 2017. Research activities for the HBV-cure program
are also being conducted at laboratory space leased from Indiana University at Bloomington, IN that expires in December 2017. Research
activities for the microbiome program will also be conducted at office and laboratory space leased from the University of Florida
Research Foundation in Alachua, FL that expires in May 2017. 

11   

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (UNAUDITED)  

The total leasing expenses for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $318,000 and $159,000, respectively. The total leasing expenses for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $1.1 million and $456,000, respectively. 

Equipment Lease 

Pursuant to a Master Lease agreement dated
November 25, 2014, the Company leases certain equipment. The equipment lease expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 amounted to approximately $227,000 and $70,000, respectively. The equipment lease expense for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to approximately $483,000 and $171,000, respectively.  

12   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The interim financial statements and this
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with
the financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the related Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both of which are contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on March 11, 2016 (the  2015 Annual Report ). In addition
to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under  Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors 
in our 2015 Annual Report,  Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors  in this report, and elsewhere in this report, that could
cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or anticipated results.  

Overview  

We are a biotechnology company advancing two
innovative platform programs: (i) HBV-cure program, which is advancing a new class of oral therapeutics for the treatment of hepatitis
B virus (HBV) infection and (ii) microbiome program, which is a novel class of oral biological therapeutics, which are designed
to restore health to a dysbiotic microbiome. 

The company s HBV-cure program is aimed
at increasing the current low cure rate for patients with HBV and is pursuing several drug candidates that inhibit multiple viral
targets throughout the HBV lifecycle for possible use alone or in combination therapy. Assembly has discovered several novel core
protein Allosteric Modulators (CpAMs), which are small molecules that directly target and allosterically modulate a number of
HBV core protein (HBc) functions. 

The Company s microbiome program consists
of a fully integrated platform that includes a robust strain identification and selection process, methods for strain isolation
and growth under current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) conditions, and a patent pending delivery system, GEMICEL  TM  ,
which allows for targeted oral delivery of live biologic and conventional therapies to the lower gastrointestinal (GI) tract.
The lead program from this platform, ABI-M101, is in development for the treatment of  C. difficile   infections  (CDI).
Using its microbiome platform, the Company is developing additional product candidates for multiple indications including other
gastrointestinal indications, metabolic disorders, immunotherapy and autoimmune diseases. 

We currently have corporate and administrative
offices in Carmel, Indiana and New York, New York, respectively, and research facilities in Bloomington, Indiana, Alachua, Florida
and San Francisco, California. Research activities for the HBV-cure program are also being conducted at Indiana University at
Bloomington, under the aegis of Adam Zlotnick, PhD, co-founder of Assembly Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and head of our HBV Scientific
Advisory Board. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant
Judgments and Estimates  

Our management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. 

On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates
and judgments, including those related to accrued expenses and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Our critical accounting policies and significant
estimates are detailed in our 2015 Annual Report. Our critical accounting policies and significant estimates have not changed
from those previously disclosed in our 2015 Annual Report.  

Results of Operations  

Comparison of the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Research and Development Expense  

Research and development costs primarily consist
of personnel related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel, and other related expenses, stock-based compensation, payments
made to third party contract research organizations for preclinical studies, consultants, costs associated with regulatory filings
and patents, laboratory costs and other supplies. 

13   

Research and development expense, excluding
stock-based compensation expense, was approximately $8.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of
approximately $3.6 million or 80.0%, from approximately $4.5 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due
to an increase of approximately $2.6 million in research expenses for our HBV-cure program and an increase of approximately $1.0
million in research expenses for our microbiome program. 

Stock-based compensation expense was approximately
$773,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of approximately $624,000 or 418.7%, from approximately $149,000
for the same period in 2015. 

General and Administrative Expense  

General and administrative expense consists
primarily of salaries, consulting fees and other related costs, professional fees for legal services and accounting services,
insurance and travel expenses, as well as the stock-based compensation expense associated with equity awards to our administrative
employees, consultants, and directors. 

General and administrative expense, excluding
stock-based compensation expense, was approximately $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of
approximately $1.1 million or 73.3%, from approximately $1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase
was primarily due to an increase of approximately $0.4 million of compensation and bonus expenses related to new employees hired
in 2016, $0.3 million in professional expenses, $0.3 million in legal expenses and $0.2 million in consulting expenses classified
as operating expense. 

Stock-based compensation expense was approximately
$0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately $0.7 million or 70%, from approximately
$1.0 million for the same period in 2015. 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Research and Development Expense  

Research and development expense, excluding
stock-based compensation expense, was approximately $22.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of
approximately $11.6 million or 110.5%, from approximately $10.5 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily
due to an increase of approximately $8.0 million in research expenses for our HBV-cure program and an increase of approximately
$3.4 million in research expenses for our microbiome program. 

Stock-based compensation was approximately
$2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately $0.3 million or 11.5%, from approximately
$2.6 million for the same period in 2015. 

General and Administrative Expense  

General and administrative expense, excluding
stock-based compensation expense, was approximately $7.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of
approximately $2.6 million or 56.5%, from approximately $4.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase
was primarily due to an increase of approximately $0.7 million of compensation and bonus expenses related to new administrative
employees hired in 2016, $0.6 million in consulting expenses, $0.3 million in legal expenses and $0.3 million in professional
expenses, and $0.3 million in contribution and other tax expenses classified as operating expense. 

Stock-based compensation expense was approximately
$1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately $2.0 million or 54.1%, from approximately
$3.7 million for the same period in 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Sources of Liquidity   

As a result of our significant research and
development expenditures and the lack of any FDA-approved products to generate product sales revenue, we have not been profitable
and have generated operating losses since we were incorporated in October 2005. We have funded our operations through September
30, 2016 principally through equity financing, raising an aggregate of approximately $192.5 million in net proceeds. 

14   

Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015   

Net Cash from Operating Activities  

Net cash used in operating activities was
$23.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net cash used in continuing operations for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 was primarily driven by a $32.7 million net loss, and offset by a $4.0 million non-cash expense recorded for stock-based
compensation, $4.1 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and $0.6 million realized loss from marketable securities.  

Net cash used in continuing operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $13.2 million and was primarily driven by the loss incurred during the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 of approximately $20.7 million, partially offset by stock-based compensation expense of approximately
$6.4 million and increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of approximately $1.7 million. 

Net Cash from Investing Activities  

Net cash provided by investing activities
from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $20.5 million primarily due to a purchase
of $8.0 million of marketable securities and offset by the redemption of $28.5 million of marketable securities during the year. 

Net cash used in investing activities from
continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was approximately $61.0 million primarily due to the purchase
of marketable securities. 

Net Cash from Financing Activities  

There was no net cash flow provided by financing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Net cash provided by financing activities
was approximately $81.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. On March 19, 2015, we received net proceeds of approximately
$70.5 million in an underwritten equity offering. On April 6, 2015, we received additional net proceeds of approximately $10.6
million from the exercise of underwriters  options. On April 20, 2015, we paid $0.1 million for accrued offering cost. 

Funding Requirements  

We expect our expenses to increase in connection
with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue the research, development and clinical trials of our product candidates.
Furthermore, we expect to continue to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we will
need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital
when needed or on attractive terms, we will be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or future
commercialization efforts. 

We monitor our cash needs and the status of
the capital markets on a continuous basis. From time to time, we opportunistically raise capital and have done so multiple times
since our initial public offering by issuing equity securities, most recently in March and April 2015. We expect to continue to
raise capital when and as needed and at the time and in the manner most advantageous to us. 

Based upon our cash position as of September
30, 2016, we expect that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, will enable us to fund our operating expenses
and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many
factors, including: 

the initiation, scope, progress, timing, results and costs of drug discovery,
    preclinical development, laboratory testing and clinical trials for our product candidates;  

the number and characteristics of product candidates that we pursue in preclinical and clinical
    development;  

the costs and timing for the manufacture and procurement of clinical supplies of our product
    candidates;  

the extent to which we acquire or in-license other medicines and technologies;  

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates;  

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing
    our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims; and  

our ability to establish collaborations on favorable terms, if at all.  

15   

Identifying potential product candidates and
conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete,
and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain marketing approval and achieve product sales. In addition,
our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from
sales of medicines that we do not expect to be commercially available for many years, if at all. Accordingly, we will need to
continue to rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives. Adequate additional financing may not be available
to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate
substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings,
collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. We do not have any committed external source of funds. To the
extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our
stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect
the rights of the holders of our common stock. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting
or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring
dividends. 

If we raise funds through additional collaborations,
strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies,
future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us.
If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit,
reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product
candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

None.  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk.  

There have been no material changes to our
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk as compared to the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market
risk described in our 2015 Annual Report. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We maintain a system of disclosure controls
and procedures, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), which is designed to provide reasonable assurance that
information, which is required to be disclosed in our reports filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act ), is accumulated and communicated to management in a timely manner. At the end of the period covered
by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
report were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

We are not a party to any material legal proceedings
and we are not aware of any claims or actions pending or threatened against us. In the future, we might from time to time become
involved in litigation relating to claims arising from our ordinary course of business. 

Item 1A.     Risk Factors.  

This report contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in this report. Factors
that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this
report and in any documents incorporated in this report by reference.  

16   

You should carefully consider the following
risk factors, together with all other information in this report, including our financial statements and notes thereto, and in
our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. If any of the following risks, or other risks not presently known
to us or that we currently believe to not be significant, develop into actual events, then our business, financial condition,
results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected. If that happens, the market price of our common stock
could decline, and stockholders may lose all or part of their investment.  

Risks Related to Our Business    

We have no approved products and currently
are dependent on the success of our HBV-cure or microbiome programs.   

To date, we have no approved product on the
market and have generated no product revenues. Our prospects are substantially dependent on our ability to develop and commercialize
our HBV and microbiome therapies. Unless and until we receive approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities for our product
candidates, we cannot sell our product candidates and will not have product revenues. We will have to fund all of our operations
and capital expenditures from cash on hand, any future securities offerings or debt financings and any fees we may generate from
out-licensing or other strategic arrangements. 

In addition, all of our product candidates
are in an early stage of development and their risk of failure is high. The data supporting our drug discovery and pre-clinical
and clinical development programs are derived from either laboratory or pre-clinical studies. We cannot predict when or if any
one of our product candidates will prove effective or safe in humans or will receive regulatory approval. The scientific evidence
to support the feasibility of our product candidates is limited, and many companies, some with more resources than we have, are
and may be developing competitive product candidates. For these and other reasons, our drug discovery and development may not
be successful and we may not generate viable products or revenue. 

We depend entirely on the success
of product candidates from our HBV-cure and microbiome programs, the current product candidates of which are in early clinical
and late pre-clinical development, respectively. We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or
successfully commercialize, product candidates from either of our current programs or any other product candidates we may subsequently
identify.   

ABI-H0731 and  ABI-M101 are our lead
product candidates for our HBV-cure and microbiome programs, respectively. We have initiated  a Phase 1a/1b clinical trial of ABI-H0731, our novel oral agent for the treatment of
chronic HBV. Our microbiome biological therapeutic, ABI-M101, is in late preclinical development. We anticipate initiating a
Phase 1b clinical trial for ABI-M101 in the first half of 2017. It may be years before the larger, pivotal trials necessary
to support regulatory approval are initiated, if ever. The clinical trials of our product candidates are, and the
manufacturing and marketing of our product candidates will be, subject to extensive and rigorous review and regulation by
numerous government authorities in the U.S. and in other countries where we intend to test and, if approved, market any
product candidate. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any product candidate, we must
successfully meet a number of critical developmental milestones, including: 

developing dosages that will be tolerated, safe and effective; 

reaching agreement with the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities
    regarding the scope, design and data necessary to support regulatory approval for the product candidate; 

demonstrating through clinical trials that the product candidate is safe
    and effective in patients for the intended indication; 

determining the appropriate delivery mechanism; 

demonstrating that the product candidate formulation will be stable for
    commercially reasonable time periods; and 

completing the development and scale-up to permit manufacture of our
    product candidates in quantities sufficient to execute on our clinical development plans and, eventually, in commercial quantities
    and at acceptable prices. 

The time necessary to achieve these developmental
milestones for any individual product candidate is long and uncertain, and we may not successfully complete these milestones for
our HBV and microbiome therapies or any other product candidates that we may develop. We have not yet completed and may never
complete the development of any product. If we are unable to complete development of our HBV or microbiome therapies, or any other
product candidates that we may develop, we will be unable to generate revenue or build a sustainable or profitable business. 

Preclinical models may not be representative
of disease behavior in clinical trials. Results of earlier preclinical studies and clinical trials may not be predictive of future
clinical trial results and preclinical testing and clinical trials involve a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome.   

The results of preclinical models may not
be representative of disease behavior in a clinical setting and thus may not be predictive of the outcomes of our clinical trials.
In addition, the results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of product candidates may not be predictive of the results
of later-stage clinical trials and the results of any study or trial for any of our product candidates may not be as positive
as the results from any prior studies or trials, if at all. For example, in late June 2012, we reported that our second Phase
III randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial of iferanserin in patients with hemorrhoidal disease did not meet
its endpoints, despite favorable Phase II trial results. We also reported in February 2014 that our Phase III clinical trial for
diltiazem for the treatment of anal fissures demonstrated no significant improvement compared to placebo despite favorable results
in a prior Phase III trial. Based on these unfavorable clinical results, we decided to cease development of these two prior product
candidates. These risks apply to our planned development of our current and any other product candidates. 

17   

Preclinical studies and clinical testing are
expensive, can take many years to complete and their outcomes are highly uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the preclinical
study and clinical trial processes due to inadequate performance of a drug candidate or inadequate adherence by patients or investigators
to clinical trial protocols. Further, clinical trials might not provide statistically significant data supporting a product candidate s
safety and effectiveness to meet the requisite regulatory approvals. In addition, there 
is a high failure rate for drugs and biologics proceeding through clinical trials.  Our failure to replicate earlier positive
results in later-stage clinical trials or otherwise demonstrate the required characteristics to support marketing approval for
any of our product candidates would substantially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Preclinical and clinical testing required
for our product candidates is expensive and time-consuming, and may result in delays or may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy
for desired indications.   

In order to obtain FDA approval to market
a new drug product, we must demonstrate safety and effectiveness in humans. To meet these requirements, we must conduct extensive
preclinical testing and sufficient adequate and well-controlled clinical trials. Conducting clinical trials is a lengthy, time
consuming, and expensive process. The length of time might vary substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty, and
intended use of the product candidate, and often can be several years or more per trial. Delays associated with product candidates
for which we are directly conducting preclinical studies or clinical trials might cause us to incur additional operating expenses.
The commencement and rate of completion of clinical trials might be delayed by many factors, including, for example: 

delays in reaching agreement with regulatory authorities on final trial design;  

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations and clinical trial sites;  

the lack of effectiveness during clinical trials;  

the emergence of unforeseen safety issues;  

inability to manufacture sufficient quantities of qualified materials under cGMP for use in clinical trials;  

slower than expected rates of patient recruitment;  

failure to recruit a sufficient number of patients;  

delays in having patients complete participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up;  

delays caused by patients dropping out of a trial due to product side effects, disease progression or other reasons;  

clinical sites dropping out of a trial to the detriment of enrollment;  

modification of clinical trial protocols;  

delays by our contract manufacturers to produce and deliver sufficient supply of clinical trial materials;  

occurrence of adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits;  

changes in regulatory requirements for clinical trials;

delays, suspension, or termination of clinical trials by the institutional review board or ethics committee responsible
    for overseeing the study at a particular study site; and  

government, institutional review board, ethics committee, or other regulatory delays or clinical holds requiring suspension
    or termination of the trials.  

We have used and intend to continue to rely
on one or more contract research organizations, or CROs, to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. We are highly
dependent on these CROs to conduct our studies and trials in accordance with the requirements of the FDA and good scientific practice.
In the event the CROs fail to perform their duties in such a fashion, we may not be able to complete our clinical trials and may
fail to obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. 

The failure of preclinical studies and clinical
trials to demonstrate safety and effectiveness for the desired indications could harm the development of that product candidate
and other product candidates. This failure could cause us to abandon a product candidate and could delay development of other
product candidates. Any delay in, or termination of, our preclinical studies or clinical trials would delay the filing of our
New Drug Applications, or NDAs, with the FDA and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize our product candidates and generate
product revenues. Any change in, or termination of, our clinical trials could materially harm our business, financial condition,
and results of operation. 

Any product candidates that we may discover
and develop may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval,
limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval,
if any.   

Many product candidates that initially showed
promise in early stage testing have later been found to cause side effects that prevented their further development. Undesirable
side effects caused by any product candidates that we may discover or develop, or safety, tolerability or toxicity issues that
may occur in our preclinical studies, clinical trials or in the future, could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt,
restrict, delay, or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval
by the FDA or other comparable foreign authorities. Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market
acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. 

18   

We have a limited operating history and
a history of operating losses, and expect to incur significant additional operating losses.   

We were established in October 2005, began
active operations in the spring of 2007 and have only a limited operating history. In addition, we have terminated our programs
related to our three prior product candidates. Therefore, there is limited historical financial information upon which to base
an evaluation of our performance. Our prospects must be considered in light of the uncertainties, risks, expenses, and difficulties
frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of operations. We, and Assembly Pharmaceuticals, Inc. prior to our merger,
have generated losses since we began operations and, as of September 30, 2016, the combined company had an accumulated deficit
of $196.7 million. We expect to incur substantial additional losses over the next several years as we continue to pursue our research,
development, preclinical studies and clinical trial activities. The amount of future losses and when, if ever, we will achieve
profitability are uncertain. We have no products that have generated any commercial revenue, do not expect to generate revenues
from the sale of products unless and until our HBV or microbiome therapies or any other product candidate is approved by the FDA
for sale, and we might never generate revenues from the sale of products. 

We are not currently profitable and might
never become profitable.   

We have a history of losses and expect to incur
significant operating and capital expenditures and resultant substantial losses and negative operating cash flow for the next several
years, and beyond if we do not successfully launch and commercialize any therapies from our HBV or microbiome programs. We might
never achieve or maintain profitability. We anticipate that our expenses will continue to be substantial in the foreseeable future
as we: 

continue to undertake preclinical studies and initiate and conduct clinical trials for our product candidates;  

seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates;   

continue to undertake research and development to identify potential additional product candidates; and  

pursue our intellectual property strategy.  

As a result, we will need to generate significant
revenues in order to achieve and maintain profitability. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability will depend
on, among other things: 

successful completion of research, preclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates;    

obtaining necessary regulatory approvals from the FDA and international regulatory agencies for our product candidates;  

establishing manufacturing, sales, and marketing arrangements with third parties for any approved products;  

sufficient market acceptance of any approved products among patients and physicians; and  

raising sufficient funds to finance our activities, if and when needed.    

We might not succeed at any of these undertakings.
If we are unsuccessful at some or all of these undertakings, our business, prospects, and results of operations might be materially
adversely affected. 

Our development
of product candidates is subject to risks and delays.    

Our development of our product candidates is
subject to the risks of failure and delay inherent in the development of new pharmaceutical products and products based on new
technologies, including: 

delays in product development, preclinical and clinical testing;    

unplanned expenditures in product development, preclinical and clinical testing;    

failure of a product candidate to demonstrate acceptable safety and efficacy;    

failure to receive regulatory approvals;    

emergence of superior or equivalent products;    

inability to manufacture and sell on our own, or through any others, product candidates on a commercial scale or at a financially viable cost; and  

failure to achieve market acceptance.    

Because of these risks, our research and development
efforts might not result in any commercially viable products. If we do not successfully complete a significant portion of these
development efforts, obtain required regulatory approvals, and have commercial success with any approved products, our business,
financial condition and results of operations will be materially harmed. 

19   

There are substantial risks inherent
in attempting to commercialize new drugs, and, as a result, we may not be able to successfully develop products for commercial
use.   

Our HBV therapy research and development efforts
involve therapeutics based on modulating forms of HBV core proteins, or HBc, with core protein Allosteric Modulators, or CpAMs,
 a  mechanism with limited clinical evidence to date. The development of our CpAM technology is in the early stages, and the commercial
feasibility and acceptance of our CpAM technology are unknown. Similarly, the technology underlying our microbiome platform is
in preclinical development. 

Scientific research and development requires
significant amounts of capital and takes a long time to reach commercial viability, if it can be achieved at all. To date, our
research and development projects have not produced commercially viable drugs, and may never do so. During the research and development
process, we may experience technological barriers that we may be unable to overcome. Further, certain underlying premises in our
development programs are not fully proven.  More specifically, the theory that CpAMs can selectively reduce viral antigens
in HBV patients and result in a functional cure is unproven.  Thus, even if CpAM technology is successful at reducing
antigen levels in HBV patients, it may not be a commercially viable drug if there is not a corresponding medical benefit related
to the underlying HBV infection.  Similarly, the ability to effectively and reliably deliver bacteria to the GI tract
using our microbiome technology is unproven, and, even if it can be proven, it may be difficult or impossible to provide the treatment
economically. Because of these uncertainties, it is possible that no commercial products will be successfully developed. If we
are unable to successfully develop commercial products, we will be unable to generate revenue or build a sustainable or profitable
business. 

We will need additional financing to
complete the development of any product candidate and fund our activities in the future.   

We anticipate that we will incur operating
losses for the next several years as we continue to develop our HBV therapy and our microbiome platform, including the advancement
of these programs into clinical trials, as well as initiate any development of any other product candidate and will require substantial
funds during that time to support our operations. We expect that our current resources will provide us with sufficient capital
to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. However, we might consume our available capital before that time if,
for example, we are not efficient in managing our resources or if we encounter unforeseen costs, delays or other issues or if regulatory
requirements change. If that happens, we may need additional financing to continue the development of our HBV therapy and our microbiome
program. Thereafter, we will need additional capital to fund our operations in the future. However, there is no assurance that
we will be successful in raising any necessary additional capital on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If such event
or other unforeseen circumstances occurred and we were unable to raise capital, we could be forced to discontinue product development,
sacrifice attractive business opportunities, cease operations entirely and sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all
of our remaining assets. 

Our product candidates face significant
development and regulatory hurdles prior to marketing which could delay or prevent licensing, sales and/or milestone revenue.   

Before we or any commercial partner can obtain
the approvals necessary to sell any of our product candidates, we must show through preclinical studies and human testing in clinical
trials that each potential product is safe and effective. The rates at which we complete our scientific studies and clinical trials
depend on many factors, including, but are not limited to, our ability to obtain adequate supplies of the products to be tested
and patient enrollment. Patient enrollment is a function of many factors, including the size of the patient population, the proximity
of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial and other potential drug candidates being studied. Delays
in patient enrollment for our trials may result in increased costs and longer development times. In addition, we will need additional
financing to develop our product candidates, which we might seek and receive from third party commercial partners. Further, we
currently do not have the infrastructure to market and sell our product candidates. If we partner with one or more third party
entities, those commercial partners may demand and receive rights to control product development and commercialization. As a result,
these commercial partners may conduct these programs and activities more slowly or in a different manner than expected. If any
of these events were to occur, the development of any product candidate could be significantly delayed, more expensive or less
lucrative to us than anticipated, any of which would have a significant adverse effect on our business. 

We are dependent on a license relationship
for each of our HBV-cure program and our microbiome program.   

Our license agreement with Indiana University
Research and Technology Corporation, or IURTC, from whom we have licensed intellectual property rights to our HBV therapy, requires
us to make milestone payments based upon the successful accomplishment of clinical and regulatory milestones related to our HBV
therapy. The total amount of all potential future milestone payments at September 30, 2016 is $825,000. We also are obligated to
pay IURTC royalty payments based on net sales of the licensed technology. We are also obligated to pay diligence maintenance fees
($25,000-$100,000) each year to the extent that the royalty, sublicensing, and milestone payments to IURTC are less than the diligence
maintenance fee for that year. Our license with Therabiome, LLC, from whom we have licensed intellectual property rights to our
microbiome delivery mechanism, also requires us to pay regulatory and clinical milestones as well as royalty payments to Therabiome.
If we breach any of these obligations, we could lose our rights to the delivery mechanism for our microbiome program. If we fail
to comply with similar obligations to any other licensor, it would have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would
not be able to commercialize drug candidates or technologies that were covered by the license. Also, the milestone and other payments
associated with licenses will make it less profitable for us to develop our drug candidates than if we owned the technology ourselves. 

20   

Our collaboration with Adam Zlotnick,
the scientific founder of our HBV-cure program, is advantageous. If that collaboration is not maintained, we may not be able to
capitalize on the market potential of our HBV-cure program.   

Dr. Adam Zlotnick is the founder of our HBV-cure
program. We have entered into a three-year consulting agreement with Dr. Zlotnick, the initial term of which expires on July 11,
2017, pursuant to which he serves as the Chairman of our Scientific Advisory Board and provides consulting services as we request.
Dr. Zlotnick could refuse to extend the agreement after it expires on July 11, 2017 or we could terminate the consulting agreement
for cause or no cause. Although Dr. Zlotnick assigned to us any rights to intellectual property related to our HBV therapy that
arise during the term of the consulting agreement, and while the consulting agreement contains a non-compete during the term of
the agreement, the loss of Dr. Zlotnick s services could materially impair our ability to further the development of our
HBV therapy program. 

Corporate and academic collaborators
might take actions to delay, prevent, or undermine the success of our product candidates.   

Our operating and financial strategy for the
development, preclinical and clinical testing, manufacture, and commercialization of drug candidates heavily depends on collaborating
with corporations, academic institutions, licensors, licensees, and other parties. However, there can be no assurance that we will
successfully establish or maintain these collaborations. In addition, should a collaboration be terminated, replacement collaborators
might not be available on attractive terms, or at all. The activities of any collaborator will not be within our control and might
not be within our power to influence. There can be no assurance that any collaborator will perform its obligations to our satisfaction
or at all, that we will derive any revenue or profits from these collaborations, or that any collaborator will not compete with
us. If any collaboration is not successful, we might require substantially greater capital to undertake development and marketing
of our proposed products and might not be able to develop and market these products effectively, if at all. In addition, a lack
of development and marketing collaborations might lead to significant delays in introducing proposed products into certain markets
and/or reduced sales of proposed products in such markets. 

We rely on data provided by our collaborators
and others that has not been independently verified and could prove to be false, misleading, or incomplete.   

We rely on third-party vendors, scientists,
and collaborators to provide us with significant data and other information related to our projects, preclinical studies and clinical
trials, and our business. If these third parties provide inaccurate, misleading, or incomplete data, our business, prospects, and
results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Research and development goals may not
be achieved in the time frames that we publicly estimate, which could have an adverse impact on our business and could cause our
stock price to decline.   

We set goals, and make public statements regarding
our expectations, regarding the timing of certain accomplishments, developments and milestones under our research and development
programs. The actual timing of these events can vary significantly due to a number of factors, including, without limitation, the
amount of time, effort and resources committed to our programs by us and any collaborators and the uncertainties inherent in the
clinical development and regulatory approval process. As a result, there can be no assurance that we or any collaborators will
initiate or complete clinical development activities, make regulatory submissions or receive regulatory approvals as planned or
that we or any collaborators will be able to adhere to our current schedule for the achievement of key milestones under any of
our programs. If we or any collaborators fail to achieve one or more of the milestones as planned, our business could be materially
adversely affected and the price of our common stock could decline. 

Unforeseen safety issues could hinder
the development of our product candidates and their adoption, if approved.   

Safety issues could arise during development
of our product candidates, which might delay testing or prevent further development entirely. Unforeseen safety issues could emerge
in any future study or trial of our HBV or microbiome product candidates, which could severely hamper the likelihood of FDA or
other regulatory approval of any such product candidate. If any of these events were to occur, the development of any product candidate
could be significantly delayed and become more expensive than anticipated, and could lead us to abandon our development efforts
entirely, any of which would have a significant adverse effect on our business. 

If a product is approved, any limitation on
use that might be necessary due to safety issues could hinder its adoption in the marketplace. In addition, if any product is approved,
it could be used against any instructions that we publish that limit its use, which could subject us to litigation. 

21   

We lack suitable facilities for certain
preclinical and clinical testing and expect to rely on third parties to conduct some of our research and preclinical testing and
our clinical trials and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion
of such research, testing or trials.   

We do not have sufficient facilities to conduct
all of our anticipated preclinical and clinical testing. As a result, we expect to contract with third parties to conduct most
or all preclinical and clinical testing required for regulatory approval for our product candidates. We currently plan to outsource
all clinical testing to third parties and will be reliant on the services of these third parties to conduct studies on our behalf.
If we are unable to retain or continue with third parties for these purposes on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully
develop our product candidates. In addition, any failures by third parties to adequately perform their responsibilities may delay
the submission of our product candidates for regulatory approval, which would impair our financial condition and business prospects. 

Our reliance on these third parties for research
and development activities also reduces our control over these activities but will not relieve us of our responsibilities. For
example, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal
and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities.
Furthermore, these third parties may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors. In addition,
these third parties are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such third parties,
we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our clinical and preclinical programs. If these third
parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced
or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols,
regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our research, preclinical studies or clinical trials may be extended, delayed or
terminated and we may not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, regulatory approvals for our product candidates. As
a result, our results of operations and business prospects would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate
revenues could be delayed. 

We expect to rely exclusively on third
parties to formulate and manufacture our product candidates.   

We do not have our own manufacturing facilities.
Consequently, we lack the physical plant to formulate and manufacture our own product candidates for use in our planned clinical
trials. In addition, if any product candidate we might develop or acquire in the future receives FDA approval, we expect to rely
on one or more third-party contractors to manufacture our products. If, for any reason, we become unable to rely on any future
source to manufacture our product candidates, either for clinical trials or, at some future date, for commercial quantities, then
we would need to identify and contract with additional or replacement third-party manufacturers to manufacture compounds for preclinical,
clinical and commercial purposes. We might not be successful in identifying additional or replacement third-party manufacturers,
or in negotiating acceptable terms with any that we do identify. If we are unable to secure and maintain third-party manufacturing
capacity, the development and sales of our products and our financial performance might be materially affected. 

In addition, before any of our collaborators
can begin to commercially manufacture our product candidates, each manufacturing facility and process is subject to regulatory
review. Manufacturing of drugs for clinical and commercial purposes must comply with the FDA s cGMPs, and applicable non-U.S.
regulatory requirements. The cGMP requirements govern quality control and documentation policies and procedures. Complying with
cGMP and non-U.S. regulatory requirements will require that we expend time, money, and effort in production, recordkeeping, and
quality control to assure that the product meets applicable specifications and other requirements. Any contracted manufacturing
facility must also pass a pre-approval inspection prior to FDA approval. Failure to pass a pre-approval inspection might significantly
delay FDA approval of our product candidates. If any of our future contract manufacturers fails to comply with these requirements,
it would be subject to possible regulatory action which could limit the jurisdictions in which we are permitted to sell our products,
if approved. As a result, our business, financial condition, and results of operations might be materially harmed. 

Our reliance on third-party manufacturers exposes
us to the following risks: 

We might be unable to identify manufacturers for commercial supply on acceptable terms or at all
because the number of potential manufacturers is limited and the FDA must approve any replacement contractor. This approval would
generally require compliance inspections. In addition, a new manufacturer would have to be educated in, or develop substantially
equivalent processes for, production of our products after receipt of FDA approval, if any.   

Our third-party manufacturers might be unable to formulate and manufacture our product candidates
in the volume and of the quality required to meet our clinical and, if approved, commercial needs.   

Our contract manufacturers might not perform as agreed or might not remain in the contract manufacturing
business for the time required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully produce, store and distribute our products.   

One or more of our contract manufacturers could be foreign, which increases the risk of shipping
delays and adds the risk of import restrictions.   

Drug manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding
state and foreign regulatory agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other government regulations and corresponding
foreign requirements. We would not have complete control over third-party manufacturers  compliance with these regulations
and requirements.   

If any third-party manufacturer makes improvements in the manufacturing process for our product
candidates, we might not own, or might have to share, the intellectual property rights to the innovation with our licensors.   

22   

We might compete with other companies for access to these manufacturers  facilities and might
be subject to manufacturing delays if the manufacturers give other clients higher priority than us.   

Each of these risks could delay our development
efforts, preclinical studies and clinical trials or the approval, if any, of our product candidates by the FDA or the commercialization
of our product candidates and could result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenues. As a result, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations might be materially harmed. 

If we cannot compete successfully, our
business and financial condition will suffer.   

The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries
are intensely competitive. In addition, the clinical and commercial landscape for HBV and CDI is rapidly changing; we expect new
data from commercial and clinical-stage products to continue to emerge. We will compete with organizations that have existing treatments
and that are or will be developing treatments for the indications that our product candidates target. If our competitors develop
effective treatments for HBV, CDI or any other indication or field we might pursue, and successfully commercialize those treatments,
our business and prospects may be materially harmed. 

We face competition from fully integrated pharmaceutical
companies and smaller companies that are collaborating with larger pharmaceutical companies, academic institutions, government
agencies and other public and private research organizations. Many of these competitors, either alone or together with their collaborative
partners, operate larger research and development programs or have substantially greater financial resources than we do, as well
as significantly greater experience in: 

developing drugs;   

undertaking preclinical testing and human clinical trials;   

obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of drugs;   

formulating and manufacturing drugs; and   

launching, marketing and selling drugs.   

We may not have or be able to obtain the same
resources and experience as our competitors. If we are unable to perform these tasks effectively and efficiently, our results of
operations might be materially adversely affected. Our competitors may also succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an
exclusive basis, drug products that are more effective or less costly than any product candidate that we may develop. 

Even if our product candidates receive FDA
approval, they will compete with a number of existing and future drugs and therapies developed, manufactured and marketed by others.
Existing or future competing drugs might provide greater therapeutic convenience or clinical or other benefits for a specific indication
than our product candidates, or might offer comparable performance at a lower cost. If our product candidates fail to capture and
maintain market share, we might not achieve sufficient product revenues and our business will suffer. 

The availability of our competitors 
products could limit the demand, and the price we are able to charge, for any products that we may develop and commercialize. We
will not achieve our business plan if the acceptance of any of these products is inhibited by price competition or the reluctance
of physicians to switch from existing drug products to our products, or if physicians switch to other new drug products or choose
to reserve our future products for use in limited circumstances. The inability to compete with existing or subsequently introduced
drug products would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 

If we are not able to develop collaborative
marketing relationships with licensees or partners, or create effective internal sales, marketing, and distribution capability,
we might be unable to market our products successfully.   

To market our product candidates, if approved,
we will have to establish our own marketing and sales force or out-license our product candidates to, or collaborate with, larger
firms with experience in marketing and selling pharmaceutical products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully
establish our own marketing capabilities or establish marketing, sales, or distribution relationships with third parties; that
such relationships, if established, will be successful; or that we will be successful in gaining market acceptance for our product
candidates. To the extent that we enter into any marketing, sales, or distribution arrangements with third parties, our product
revenues will be lower than if we marketed and sold our products directly, and any revenues we receive will depend upon the efforts
of such third parties. To establish our own marketing, sales, and distribution capacity would significantly increase our costs,
and require substantial additional capital. In addition, there is intense competition for proficient sales and marketing personnel,
and we might not be able to attract individuals who have the qualifications necessary to market, sell, and distribute our products.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to establish internal marketing, sales, or distribution capabilities. 

23   

The commercial success of our product
candidates will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payers and others in the medical
community.   

The commercial success of our products, if
approved for marketing, will depend in part on the medical community, patients and third-party payers accepting our product candidates
as effective and safe. If these products do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product
revenue and may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our products, if approved for marketing, will depend
on a number of factors, including: 

the actual or perceived safety and efficacy of the products, and advantages over alternative treatments;    

the pricing and cost-effectiveness of our products relative to competing products or therapies;

the labeling of any approved product;     

the prevalence and severity of any side effects, including any limitations or warnings contained
in a product's approved labeling;     

the emergence, and timing of market introduction, of competitive products;     

the effectiveness of marketing and distribution efforts by us and our licensees and distributors,
if any; and      

the availability of third-party insurance coverage or governmental reimbursement.     

Even if a potential product displays a favorable
efficacy and safety profile in preclinical studies and clinical trials, market acceptance of the product will not be known until
after it is launched. Any failure to achieve market acceptance for our product candidates will harm our business, results and financial
condition. 

If we lose key management or scientific
personnel, cannot recruit qualified employees, directors, officers, or other significant personnel or experience increases in our
compensation costs, our business might materially suffer.   

We are highly dependent on the services of
our Chief Executive Officer and President, Derek Small, our Chief Medical Officer and Vice President of Research and Development,
Dr. Uri Lopatin, our Chief Scientific Officer, Dr. Richard Colonno, our Chief Scientific Officer   Microbiome, Dr. Miguel
Barbosa, our Chief Development Officer and Head of Microbiome, Thomas E. Rollins, and our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating
Officer, David J. Barrett. Our employment agreements with Mr. Small, Dr. Lopatin, Dr. Colonno, Dr. Barbosa, Mr. Rollins and Mr.
Barrett do not ensure their retention. This is also true for our other management team members, both present and future. 

Furthermore, our future success also depends,
in part, on our ability to identify, hire, and retain additional management team members as our operations grow. We expect to experience
intense competition for qualified personnel and might be unable to attract and retain the personnel necessary for the development
of our business. Finally, we do not currently maintain, nor do we intend to obtain in the future,  key man  life insurance
that would compensate us in the event of the death or disability of any of the members of our management team.  

The failure by us to retain, attract and motivate
executives and other key employees could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we are unable to hire additional qualified
personnel, our ability to grow our business might be harmed.   

As of November 1, 2016, we had 65
employees, and various consultants and multiple contract research organizations with whom we have contracted. We will need to
hire or contract with additional qualified personnel with expertise in clinical research and testing, clinical operations,
formulation and manufacturing and sales and marketing to commercialize our HBV-cure program and our microbiome program or any
other product candidate we may seek to develop. We compete for qualified individuals with numerous biopharmaceutical
companies, universities and other research institutions. Competition for these individuals is intense, and we cannot be
certain that our search for such personnel will be successful. Attracting and retaining qualified personnel will be critical
to our success. 

We might not successfully manage our
growth.   

Our success will depend upon the expansion
of our operations and the effective management of our growth, which will place a significant strain on our current and future management
and other administrative and operational resources. To manage this growth, we may need to expand our facilities, augment our operational,
financial and management systems and hire and train additional qualified personnel. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively,
our business would be harmed. 

We might seek to develop our business
through acquisitions of or investment in new or complementary businesses, products or technologies, and the failure to manage these
acquisitions or investments, or the failure to integrate them with our existing business, could have a material adverse effect
on us.   

We might consider opportunities to acquire
or invest in other technologies, products and businesses that might enhance our capabilities or complement our current product
candidates. Potential and completed acquisitions and strategic investments involve numerous risks, including potential problems
or issues associated with the following: 

24   

assimilating the purchased technologies, products or business operations;   

maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies;   

unanticipated costs associated with the acquisition or investment;   

diversion of our management s attention from our preexisting business;   

maintaining or obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals or complying with regulatory requirements;
and   

adverse effects on existing business operations.   

We have no current commitments with respect
to any acquisition or investment in other technologies or businesses. We do not know if we will identify suitable acquisitions,
whether we will be able to successfully complete any acquisitions, or whether we will be able to successfully integrate any acquired
product, technology or business into our business or retain key personnel, suppliers or collaborators. 

Our ability to successfully develop our business
through acquisitions would depend on our ability to identify, negotiate, complete and integrate suitable target businesses or technologies
and obtain any necessary financing. These efforts could be expensive and time consuming and might disrupt our ongoing operations.
If we are unable to efficiently integrate any acquired business, technology or product into our business, our business and financial
condition might be adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Our Regulatory and Legal
Environment   

We are subject to extensive and costly
government regulation.   

Product candidates employing our technology
are subject to extensive and rigorous domestic government regulation including regulation by the FDA, the Centers for Medicare
and Medicaid Services, other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the U.S. Department of Justice, state
and local governments, and their respective foreign equivalents. The FDA regulates the research, development, preclinical and clinical
testing, manufacture, safety, effectiveness, record-keeping, reporting, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale,
distribution, import, and export of pharmaceutical products. The FDA regulates small molecule chemical entities and biological
products, whether administered orally, topically or by injection, as drugs, subject to an NDA or biologics licensing application
(BLA), under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. If products employing our technologies are marketed abroad, they will also
be subject to extensive regulation by foreign governments, whether or not they have obtained FDA approval for a given product and
its uses. Such foreign regulation might be equally or more demanding than corresponding U.S. regulation. 

Government regulation substantially increases
the cost and risk of researching, developing, manufacturing, and selling our product candidates. The regulatory review and approval
process, which includes preclinical testing and clinical trials of each product candidate, is lengthy, expensive, and uncertain.
We or our collaborators must obtain and maintain regulatory authorization to conduct clinical trials and approval for each product
we intend to market, and the manufacturing facilities used for the products must be inspected and meet legal requirements. Securing
regulatory approval requires submitting extensive preclinical and clinical data and other supporting information for each proposed
therapeutic indication in order to establish the product s safety and efficacy for each intended use. The development and
approval process might take many years, requires substantial resources, and might never lead to the approval of a product. 

Even if we are able to obtain regulatory approval
for a particular product, the approval might limit the intended medical uses for the product, limit our ability to promote, sell,
and distribute the product, require that we conduct costly post-marketing surveillance, and/or require that we conduct ongoing
post-marketing studies. Material changes to an approved product, such as, for example, manufacturing changes or revised labeling,
might require further regulatory review and approval. Once obtained, any approvals might be withdrawn, including, for example,
if there is a later discovery of previously unknown problems with the product, such as a previously unknown safety issue. 

If we, our collaborators, or our contract manufacturers
fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements at any stage during the regulatory process, such noncompliance could result
in, among other things, delays in the approval of applications or supplements to approved applications; refusal by a regulatory
authority, including the FDA, to review pending market approval applications or supplements to approved applications; untitled
letters or warning letters; fines; import and export restrictions; product recalls or seizures; injunctions; total or partial suspension
of production; civil penalties; withdrawals of previously approved marketing applications; recommendations by the FDA or other
regulatory authorities against governmental contracts; and/or criminal prosecutions. 

25   

We might not obtain the necessary U.S.
or worldwide regulatory approvals to commercialize any product candidate.   

We cannot assure you that we will receive the
approvals necessary to commercialize for sale any of our product candidates, or any product candidate we acquire or develop in
the future. We will need FDA approval to commercialize our product candidates in the U.S. and approvals from the FDA-equivalent
regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions to commercialize our product candidates in those jurisdictions. In order to obtain
FDA approval of any product candidate, we must submit to the FDA an NDA demonstrating that the product candidate is safe for humans
and effective for its intended use. This demonstration requires significant research, preclinical studies, and clinical trials.
Satisfaction of the FDA s regulatory requirements typically takes many years, depends upon the type, complexity and novelty
of the product candidate and requires substantial resources for research, development and testing. We cannot predict whether our
research and clinical approaches will result in drugs that the FDA considers safe for humans and effective for their indicated
uses. The FDA has substantial discretion in the drug approval process and might require us to conduct additional preclinical and
clinical testing, perform post-marketing studies or otherwise limit or impose conditions on any approval we obtain. 

The approval process might also be delayed
by changes in government regulation, future legislation or administrative action or changes in FDA policy that occur prior to or
during our regulatory review. Delays in obtaining regulatory approvals might: 

delay commercialization of, and our ability to derive product revenues from, our product candidates;   

impose costly procedures on us; and   

diminish any competitive advantages that we might otherwise enjoy.   

Even if we comply with all FDA requests, the
FDA might ultimately reject one or more of our NDAs. We cannot be sure that we will ever obtain regulatory approval for our product
candidates. Failure to obtain FDA approval of our product candidates will severely undermine our business by leaving us without
a saleable product, and therefore without any source of revenues, until another product candidate could be developed or obtained.
There is no guarantee that we will ever be able to develop an existing, or acquire another, product candidate. 

In foreign jurisdictions, we must receive approval
from the appropriate regulatory authorities before we can commercialize any product candidates. The risks associated with foreign
regulatory approval processes are similar to the risks associated with the FDA approval procedures described above. We cannot assure
you that we will receive the approvals necessary to commercialize our product candidates for sale outside the U.S.  

Even if approved, our product candidates
will be subject to extensive post-approval regulation.   

Once a product candidate is approved, numerous
post-approval requirements apply. Among other things, the holder of an approved NDA is subject to ongoing FDA oversight monitoring
and reporting obligations, including obligations to monitor and report adverse events and instances of the failure of a product
to meet the specifications in the NDA. Application holders must submit new or supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval
for changes to the approved product, product labeling, or manufacturing process, depending on the nature of the change. Application
holders also must submit advertising and other promotional material to the FDA and report on ongoing clinical trials. The FDA also
has the authority to require changes in the labeling of approved drug products and to require post-marketing studies. 

Advertising and promotional materials must
comply with FDA rules in addition to other applicable federal and state laws. The distribution of product samples to physicians
must comply with the requirements of the Prescription Drug Marketing Act. Manufacturing facilities remain subject to FDA inspection
and must continue to adhere to the FDA s cGMP requirements. Sales, marketing, and scientific/educational grant programs,
among other activities, must comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions of the Social Security Act, the False Claims Act,
and similar state laws, each as amended. Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and the Veteran s Health Care Act of 1992, each as amended. If products are made available
to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply.
All of these activities are also potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 

Depending on the circumstances, failure to
meet these post-approval requirements can result in criminal prosecution, fines, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total
or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of pre-marketing product approvals, or refusal to allow us to enter into
supply contracts, including government contracts. In addition, even if we comply with FDA and other requirements, new information
regarding the safety or effectiveness of a product could lead the FDA to modify or withdraw product approval. 

Even if we are able to commercialize
any product candidates, those products may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third party reimbursement practices
or healthcare reform initiatives, which would harm our business.   

The regulations that govern marketing approvals,
pricing and reimbursement for new medicines vary widely from country to country. As a result, we might obtain marketing approval
for a medicine in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the medicine,
possibly for lengthy time periods, and negatively impact the revenues we are able to generate from the sale of the medicine in
that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more product candidates, even
if our product candidates obtain marketing approval. 

26   

Our ability to commercialize any medicines
successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these medicines and related treatments will be available
from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. We cannot be sure that reimbursement
will be available for any product candidate that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement.
Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. If reimbursement
is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate
for which we obtain marketing approval. 

There may be significant delays in obtaining
reimbursement for newly approved medicines, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved
by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the U.S. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment
rates from both government-funded and private payors for any approved product candidates that we develop could have a material
adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize product candidates and our overall
financial condition. 

In the U.S. and in other countries, there have
been and we expect there will continue to be a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in
ways that could significantly affect our business. International, federal and state lawmakers regularly propose and, at times,
enact legislation that would result in significant changes to the healthcare system, some of which are intended to contain or reduce
the costs of medical products and services. The U.S. government and other governments have shown significant interest in pursuing
healthcare reform, as evidenced by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and its amendment, the Health Care and Education
Reconciliation Act. Such government-adopted reform measures may adversely impact the pricing of healthcare products and services
in the U.S. or internationally and the amount of reimbursement available from governmental agencies or other third-party payors.
In addition, in some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare
system in ways that could affect our ability to sell our products profitably. The continuing efforts of U.S. and other governments,
insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce healthcare costs may
adversely affect our ability to set satisfactory prices for our products, to generate revenues, and to achieve and maintain profitability. 

We face the risk of product liability
claims and might not be able to obtain insurance.   

Our business exposes us to the risk of product
liability claims that are inherent in the development of drugs. If the use of one or more of our or our collaborators  product
candidates or approved drugs, if any, harms people, we might be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims brought
against us by clinical trial participants, consumers, health care providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling our products.
Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability
claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of pharmaceutical products we develop. We cannot predict all of the possible
harms or side effects that might result and, therefore, the amount of insurance coverage we obtain may not be adequate to cover
all liabilities we might incur. We intend to expand our insurance coverage to include product liability insurance covering the
sale of commercial products if we obtain marketing approval for our drug candidates in development, but we might be unable to obtain
commercially reasonable product liability insurance for any products approved for marketing. If we are unable to obtain insurance
at an acceptable cost or otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, we will be exposed to significant liabilities,
which might materially and adversely affect our business and financial position. If we are sued for any injury allegedly caused
by our or our collaborators  products, our liability could exceed our total assets and our ability to pay the liability.
Any successful product liability claims or series of claims brought against us would decrease our cash and could cause the value
of our common stock to decrease. 

We might be exposed to liability claims
associated with the use of hazardous materials and chemicals.   

Our research, development and manufacturing
activities and/or those of our third-party contractors might involve the controlled use of hazardous materials and chemicals. Although
we will strive to have our safety procedures, and those of our contractors, for using, storing, handling and disposing of these
materials comply with federal, state and local laws and regulations, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental injury
or contamination from these materials. In the event of such an accident, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and
any liability could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the federal,
state and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous or radioactive
materials and waste products might require us to incur substantial compliance costs that could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. We currently do not carry hazardous materials liability insurance. We
intend to obtain such insurance in the future if necessary, but cannot give assurance that we could obtain such coverage. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property   

Our business depends on protecting our
intellectual property.   

If we and our licensors IURTC and Therabiome
do not obtain protection for our respective intellectual property rights, our competitors might be able to take advantage of our
research and development efforts to develop competing drugs. Our success, competitive position and future revenues, if any, depend
in part on our ability and the abilities of our licensors to obtain and maintain patent protection for our products, methods, processes
and other technologies, to preserve our trade secrets, to prevent third parties from infringing on our proprietary rights and to
operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. 

27   

We seek to protect our proprietary position
by filing patent applications in the U.S. and abroad related to our novel technologies and chemical and biological compositions
that are important to our business. To date, although our licensors have filed patent applications, we do not own or have any rights
to any issued patents that cover any of our product candidates, and we cannot be certain that we will secure any rights to any
issued patents with claims that cover any of our proprietary product candidates and technologies. The patent prosecution process
is expensive and time-consuming and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at
a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and
development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection.  

The patent process also is subject to numerous
risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in protecting our products by obtaining and defending
patents. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 

Any patent rights, if obtained, might be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or otherwise
might not provide any competitive advantage;   

Our competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources than we do and many of which
might make significant investments in competing technologies, might seek, or might already have obtained, patents that will limit,
interfere with, or eliminate our ability to make, use, and sell our potential products either in the U.S. or in international markets;   

As a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns, there might be significant pressure
on the U.S. government and other international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside
the U.S. for disease treatments that prove successful; and   

Countries other than the U.S. might have patent laws that provide less protection than those governing
U.S. courts, allowing foreign competitors the ability to exploit these laws to create, develop, and market competing products.   

In addition, the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office and patent offices in other jurisdictions have often required that patent applications concerning pharmaceutical and/or
biotechnology-related inventions be limited or narrowed substantially to cover only the specific innovations exemplified in the
patent application, thereby limiting the scope of protection against competitive challenges. Thus, even if we or our licensors
are able to obtain patents, the patents might be substantially narrower than anticipated. 

Patent and other intellectual property protection
is crucial to the success of our business and prospects, and there is a substantial risk that such protections, if obtained, will
prove inadequate. Our business and prospects will be harmed if we fail to obtain these protections or they prove insufficient. 

If we fail to comply with our obligations
under our license agreements, we could lose rights to our product candidates or key technologies.   

We have obtained rights to develop, market
and sell some of our product candidates through intellectual property license agreements with third parties, including IURTC and
Therabiome. These license agreements impose various diligence, milestone payment, royalty and other obligations on us. If we fail
to comply with our obligations under our license agreements, we could lose some or all of our rights to develop, market and sell
products covered by these licenses, and our ability to form collaborations or partnerships may be impaired. In addition, disputes
may arise under our license agreements with third parties, which could prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing
arrangements on acceptable terms and to develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. 

We may incur substantial costs as a result
of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights.   

If we choose to go to court to stop another
party from using the inventions claimed in any patents we obtain, that individual or company has the right to ask the court to
rule that such patents are invalid or should not be enforced against that third party. These lawsuits are expensive and would consume
time and resources and divert the attention of managerial and scientific personnel even if we were successful in stopping the infringement
of such patents. There is a risk that the court will decide that such patents are not valid and that we do not have the right to
stop the other party from using the inventions. There is also the risk that, even if the validity of such patents is upheld, the
court will refuse to stop the other party on the ground that such other party's activities do not infringe our rights to such patents.
If we were not successful in defending our intellectual property, our competitors could develop and market products based on our
discoveries, which may reduce demand for our products. 

28   

We rely on trade secret protections through
confidentiality agreements with our employees, customers and other parties, and the breach of these agreements could adversely
affect our business and prospects.   

We rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how,
which we seek to protect, in part, through confidentiality, invention, and non-disclosure agreements with our employees, scientific
advisors, consultants, collaborators, suppliers, and other parties. There can be no assurance that these agreements will not be
breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any such breach or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known to
or independently developed by our competitors. If any of these events occurs, or we otherwise lose protection for our trade secrets
or proprietary know-how, the value of this information may be greatly reduced. 

If our employees, or consultants breach their
confidentiality obligations, to be able to enforce these confidentiality provisions, we would need to know of the breach and have
sufficient funds to enforce the provisions. We cannot assure you that we would know of or be able to afford enforcement of any
breach. In addition, such provisions are subject to state law and interpretation by courts, which could limit the scope and duration
of these provisions. Any limitation on or non-enforcement of these confidentiality provisions could have an adverse effect on our
business.  

We may infringe the intellectual property
rights of others, which may prevent or delay our product development efforts and stop us from commercializing or increase the costs
of commercializing our product candidates.   

Our success will depend in part on our ability
to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file,
patent applications covering products and technologies similar to ours. Any such patent application may have priority over our
patent applications, which could further require us to obtain rights from third parties to issued patents covering such products
and technologies. We cannot guarantee that the manufacture, use or marketing of any product candidates that we develop will not
infringe third-party patents. 

A third party may claim that we are using inventions
covered by the third party's patent rights and may go to court to stop us from engaging in our normal operations and activities,
including making or selling our product candidates. Patent litigation is costly and time consuming. We may not have sufficient
resources to address these actions, and such actions could affect our results of operations and divert the attention of managerial
and scientific personnel. 

If a patent infringement suit were brought
against us, we may be forced to stop or delay developing, manufacturing, or selling potential products that are claimed to infringe
a third party's intellectual property, unless that third party grants us rights to use its intellectual property. In such cases,
we may be required to obtain licenses to patents or proprietary rights of others in order to continue development, manufacture
or sale of our products. If we are unable to obtain a license or develop or obtain non-infringing technology, or if we fail to
defend an infringement action successfully, or if we are found to have infringed a valid patent, we may incur substantial monetary
damages, encounter significant delays in bringing our product candidates to market and be precluded from manufacturing or selling
our product candidates, any of which could harm our business significantly. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock   

We might not be able to maintain the
listing of our common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market.   

Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Capital
Market under the symbol  ASMB.  We might not be able to maintain the listing standards of that exchange. If we fail
to maintain the listing requirements, our common stock might trade on the OTC Bulletin Board or in the  pink sheets 
maintained by OTC Markets Group, Inc. These alternative markets are generally considered to be markets that are less efficient
and less broad than The NASDAQ Capital Market. A delisting of our common stock from The NASDAQ Capital Market and our inability
to list the stock on another national securities exchange could negatively impact us by: (i) reducing the liquidity and market
price of our common stock; (ii) reducing the number of investors willing to hold or acquire our common stock, which could negatively
impact our ability to raise equity financing; (iii) limiting our ability to use a registration statement to offer and sell freely
tradable securities, thereby preventing us from accessing the public capital markets and (iv) impairing our ability to provide
equity incentives to our employees. 

The price of our common stock might fluctuate
significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment.   

Since we went public on December 22, 2010 and
through November 1, 2016, the closing price of our common stock has fluctuated between $4.30 and $101.25 (after giving effect to
the 1-for-5 reverse stock split effected on July 11, 2014), with significant volatility after we announced on June 25, 2012 that
our prior product candidate iferanserin failed to meet the endpoints of our Phase III trial, and after we announced in February
2014 that our prior product candidate diltiazem demonstrated no significant improvement compared to placebo. Continued volatility
in the market price of our common stock might prevent a stockholder from being able to sell shares of our common stock at or above
the price paid for such shares. The trading price of our common stock might be volatile and subject to wide price fluctuations
in response to various factors, including: 

our ability to initiate, conduct and generate data from our planned clinical trials and the timing
for these events;   

the timing, costs and results of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and other studies
involving our product candidates;   

reports of adverse events associated with our product candidates or product candidates that are
similar to ours;   

the receipt or loss of required regulatory approvals for our product candidates;   

our ability to enter into strategic and collaborative arrangements for the development and commercialization
of our product candidates;   

29   

availability of capital;   

future sales of our common stock;   

any sales of shares of our common stock by our significant stockholders or members of our management;   

additions or departures of key personnel;   

investor perceptions of us and the pharmaceutical industry;   

issuance of new or changed securities analysts  reports or recommendations, or the announcement
of any changes to our credit rating;   

success or failure of our product candidates;   

introduction of new products or announcements of significant contracts, acquisitions or capital
commitments by us or our competitors;   

threatened or actual litigation and government investigations;   

legislative, political or regulatory developments;   

the overall performance of the equity markets;   

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results;   

general economic conditions;   

changes in interest rates; and   

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles.   

These and other factors might cause the market
price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which might limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares
of our common stock and might otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In addition, in recent years, the
stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant impact on the market
price of securities issued by many companies across many industries. The changes frequently appear to occur without regard to the
operating performance of the affected companies. Accordingly, the price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors
that have little or nothing to do with our company, and these fluctuations could materially reduce our share price. 

Our principal stockholders and management
own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval.   

At November 1, 2016, our executive officers,
directors and one of our founders beneficially owned approximately 28.1% of our voting common stock, and this group together with
other stockholders holding beneficially 5% of more of our outstanding voting common stock, owned approximately 65.1% of our outstanding
voting common stock. Therefore, these stockholders, if acting together, have the ability to influence us through their ownership
position. These stockholders may be able to determine the outcome of certain significant matters requiring stockholder approval.
For example, these stockholders may be able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval
of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals
or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. 

We do not intend to pay dividends for
the foreseeable future and our stock may not appreciate in value.   

We currently intend to retain our future earnings,
if any, to finance the operation and growth of our business and do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
As a result, the success of an investment in shares of our common stock will depend upon any future appreciation in its value.
There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or that the price at which our stockholders have
purchased their shares will be able to be maintained. 

The requirements of being a public company
add to our operating costs and might strain our resources and distract our management.   

As a public company, we face increased legal,
accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses not faced by private companies. We are subject to the reporting requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business
and financial condition, and the rules and regulations implemented by the SEC, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and The NASDAQ Capital
Market, each of which imposes additional reporting and other obligations on public companies. These rules and regulations increase
our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly, although we are currently unable
to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. Complying with these requirements might divert management s attention
from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our prospects, business, and financial condition. 

Additionally, the expenses incurred by public
companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. These increased costs will require us
to divert a significant amount of money that we could otherwise use to develop our product candidates or otherwise expand our business.
If we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions
and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 

30   

Several provisions of the Delaware General
Corporation Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a merger
or acquisition, which could adversely affect the market price of our securities.   

Several provisions of the Delaware General
Corporation Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a merger
or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, and the market price of our securities could be reduced as a result. These
provisions may include: 

prohibiting us from engaging in a  business combination  with an  interested
stockholder  for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder
unless certain provisions are met;   

prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors;   

limiting the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders; and   

establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors
or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings.   

If securities analysts downgrade our
stock or cease coverage of us, the price of our stock could decline.   

The trading market for our common stock relies
in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control any
industry or financial analysts, and these analysts may not publish an adequate amount of research on our company, or may publish
unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, which could negatively impact our stock price. Furthermore, there are many
large, well-established, publicly traded companies active in our industry and market, which may mean that it is less likely that
we will receive widespread analyst coverage. If any of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, our stock price would likely
decline rapidly. If these analysts cease coverage of our company, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause
our stock price to decline. 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds.  

None. 

Item 3.  Defaults upon Senior
Securities.  

None. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.  Other Information.  

Not applicable. 

31   

Item 6.  Exhibits  

Exhibit   
  Number   
       
       Description of Document   
       
       Filed   
  Herewith   
       
       Incorporated   
  by Reference   
  from   
       
       Date   
       
       Number    
 
      10.1#  
       
      Employment Agreement dated December 17, 2015 and effective January 5, 2016,  between  Assembly Biosciences, Inc. and Richard Colonno, Ph.D.    
       
      X  

31.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
       
      X  

31.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
       
      X  

32.1*  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
       
      X  

32.2*  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
       
      X  

101  
       
      Financials in XBRL format.  
       
      X  

# Indicates a management compensatory
plan, contract or arrangement. 

 * The certifications attached as
Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not to be incorporated
by reference into any filing of Assembly Biosciences, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language
contained in such filing. 

32   

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

Assembly Biosciences, Inc.   

Date: November 9, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Derek Small  

Derek Small  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 9, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ David J. Barrett  

David J. Barrett  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

33   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v451818_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

EXHIBIT
10.1  

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
(the   Agreement  ), is entered into as of December 17th, 2015, with an effective date of January 5th, 2016 (the
  Effective Date  ), by and between Assembly BioSciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation with principal executive
offices at 99 Hudson Street, 5 th  Floor, New York, NY 10013 (the   Company  ), and Richard Colonno,
Ph.D, residing at ## ######## #####, #######, ## ##### (the   Executive  ). 

W I T N E S S E T H:  

WHEREAS, the Executive
entered into an Independent Contractor Agreement with the Company on July 1, 2015 (the  IC Agreement ); 

WHEREAS, the Company
desires to employ   the   Executive as Chief Scientific Officer
as of the Effective Date, and   the   Executive desires to accept
employment by the Company; and 

WHEREAS, the parties
desire to enter into this Agreement, setting forth the terms and conditions of   the  
Executive s employment with the Company; 

WHEREAS, the parties
agree that this Agreement supersedes in its entirety the IC Agreement, except for the sections of the IC Agreement listed in Section
16 of the IC Agreement (the   Surviving Sections  ); 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

1.                   
    Employment .  

(a)                 
    Services . The Executive will be employed by the Company as its Chief Scientific
Officer, reporting to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, and shall perform such duties as are consistent with a position
as Chief Scientific Officer (the   Services  ). The Executive agrees to perform such Services faithfully, to devote
his full working time, attention and energies to the business of the Company and, while he remains employed and subject to the
terms of this Agreement, not to engage in any other business activity that is in conflict with his duties and obligations to the
Company, except for limited consulting assignments as needed by Presidio Pharmaceuticals to ensure the successful development and
registration of Presidio s advanced HCV candidates. Such assignments would be primarily conducted during personal time outside
of Assembly BioSciences  working hours.  

(b)                 
    Acceptance . Executive hereby accepts such employment and agrees to render
the Services.   

2.                    
   Term . The Executive's employment under this Agreement shall be deemed to
commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a term of five (5) years (the   Initial
Term   ), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this
Agreement. This Agreement will automatically be extended for additional one (1) year periods (each an   Additional Term  
and, together with the Initial Term, the   Term  ) unless the Company notifies the Executive in writing that
it intends to not extend this Agreement at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the expiration of the then current Term;
 provided, however , that the Company s failure to provide the Executive with such notice shall not constitute termination
by the Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Section 8(d) hereof) or termination by the Company without Cause (as defined in
Section 8(e) hereof).  

3.                   
    Best Efforts . Apart from the exception described in section 1a, the Executive
shall devote his full business time, attention and energies to the business and affairs of the Company and shall use his best efforts
to advance the best interests of the Company and during the Term shall not
be actively engaged in any other business activity, whether or not such business activity is pursued for gain, profit or other
pecuniary advantage, that will interfere with the performance by the Executive of his duties hereunder or the Executive s
availability to perform such duties or that will adversely affect, or negatively reflect upon, the Company.  

4.                   
  Compensation . As full compensation for the performance by the Executive of his duties under this Agreement, the Company
shall pay the Executive as follows: 

(a)                 
  Base Salary . Throughout the Term, the Company shall pay Executive an annual salary (the   Base Salary  )
equal to three hundred eighty thousand dollars ($380,000) per year. Payment shall be made in accordance with the Company s
normal payroll practices. The Base Salary will be reviewed by the Chief Executive Officer and/or the Board of Directors (the  Board ),
or a committee thereof, no less frequently than annually, and may be increased (but not decreased). 

(b)                 
  Annual Milestone Bonus . At the sole discretion of the Board, the Executive may receive a discretionary annual bonus
during the Term (the   Annual Milestone Bonus  ) in an amount up to thirty-five percent (35%) of his then current
Base Salary based on the attainment by the Executive of certain financial, clinical development and business milestones (the   Milestones  )
as established annually by the Board (or a committee thereof), after consultation with the Executive with respect to each of the
Company s fiscal years during the Term  provided , and notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive shall not be eligible
for any part of an Annual Milestone Bonus for 2015. The Annual Milestone Bonus shall be payable either as a lump-sum payment or
in installments as determined by the Board in its sole discretion,  provided, however , if the Board determines to pay the
Executive in installments, such installments shall be no less frequently than monthly, and shall be over a time period not to exceed
four (4) months, unless otherwise agreed by the Executive in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Annual Milestone Bonus,
if any, for a given year will be paid in full no later than March 15 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year
for which the Annual Milestone Bonus, if any, is earned. 

(c)                 
  Sign-On Bonus . The Company will pay to Executive seventy-five thousand dollars ($75,000) as a sign-on bonus (the
  Sign-On Bonus  ). The Sign-On Bonus will be paid in a single lump sum on the Company s next regular payday
following the date thirty (30) days after the Effective Date (the   Payment Date  ). To earn and be entitled
to payment of the Sign-On Bonus, the Executive must be actively employed by the Company on the Payment Date. If within one (1)
year of the Effective Date the Executive either (i) resigns from employment with the Company in the absence of Good Reason, or
(ii) is terminated by the Company for Cause, then the Executive agrees to repay the Sign-On Bonus to the Company within thirty
(30) days of the date of such termination. 

2   

(d)                 
  Withholding . The Company shall withhold all applicable federal, state and local taxes, social security and such
other amounts as may be required by law from all amounts payable to the Executive under this Agreement, including Section 4. 

(e)                 
  Equity . Subject to and upon approval by the Board, the Company will grant to the
Executive an option to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the   Stock Options  ). The Stock
Options will be subject to vesting over four years, and will otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s
stock option plan and a stock option agreement as approved by the Board setting forth the exercise price, vesting conditions and
other restrictions. The Stock Options and any subsequently granted equity or derivative securities will be collectively referred
to in this Agreement as the   Equity Awards .  

(f)                  
  Expenses . The Company shall provide the Executive with a corporate credit card for business use, and shall reimburse
the Executive for all normal, usual and necessary expenses incurred by the Executive in furtherance of the business and affairs
of the Company, including reasonable travel and entertainment, upon timely receipt by the Company of appropriate vouchers or other
proof of the Executive s expenditures and otherwise in accordance with any expense reimbursement policy as may from time
to time be adopted by the Company. 

(g)                 
  Other Benefits . The Executive shall be entitled to all rights and benefits for which he shall be eligible under
any benefit or other plans (including, without limitation, dental, medical, medical reimbursement and hospital plans, pension
plans, employee stock purchase plans, profit sharing plans, bonus plans and other so-called   Fringe Benefits  )
as the Company shall make available to its senior executives from time to time. In addition, if applicable, the Company shall
reimburse the Executive for his reasonable licensing fees, continuing professional education, and other professional dues. The
Company shall also name the Executive as a covered person under its Directors   Officers insurance policies. 

(h)                 
  Vacation . The Executive shall, during the Term, be entitled to a vacation of five (5) nonconsecutive weeks per annum,
in addition to holidays observed by the Company. The Executive shall be entitled to carry any unused, accrued vacation forward
from one year of employment to the next, and any such vacation days will not be forfeited without payment. In addition, unless
otherwise provided by the Company s vacation policy or required by law, the Executive will not forfeit payment for any unused,
accrued vacation days upon termination of employment. 

5.                   
  Confidential Information and Inventions . 

(a)                 
 The Executive recognizes and acknowledges that in the course of his duties he is likely to receive confidential or proprietary
information owned by the Company or third parties with whom the Company has an obligation of confidentiality, relating to and used
in the Company s business (collectively,   Confidential and Proprietary Information  ). Confidential and
Proprietary Information shall include, but shall not be limited to, confidential or proprietary scientific or technical information,
data, formulas and related concepts, business plans (both current and under development), client lists, promotion and marketing
programs, trade secrets, or any other confidential or proprietary business information relating to development programs, costs,
revenues, marketing, investments, sales activities, promotions, credit and financial data, manufacturing processes, financing methods,
plans or the business and affairs of the Company or of any affiliate or client of the Company, and any and all information relating
to the operation of the Company s business which the Company may from time to time designate as confidential or proprietary
or that the Executive reasonably knows should be, or has been, treated
by the Company as confidential or proprietary. The Executive expressly acknowledges that the Confidential and Proprietary Information
constitutes a protectable business interest of the Company. The Executive further agrees that if any information that the Company
deems to be a trade secret is found by a court of competent jurisdiction not to be a trade secret, such information will, nevertheless,
be considered Confidential and Proprietary Information for purposes of this Agreement. Confidential and Proprietary Information
does not include any information that: (i) at the time of disclosure is generally known to, or readily ascertainable by, the public;
(ii) becomes known to the public through no fault of the Executive or
other violation of this Agreement; or (iii) is disclosed to the Executive
by a third party under no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the information. The Executive agrees, during and after
the Term, except as reasonably necessary for the fulfillment of his duties under this Agreement: (i) not to use any such Confidential
and Proprietary Information for himself or others; (ii) to keep confidential and not disclose or make accessible to any other person
or entity any Confidential and Proprietary Information; and (iii) not to take any Company Confidential and Proprietary Information
(including but not limited to writings, correspondence, notes, drafts, records, invoices, technical and business policies, computer
programs or disks) from the Company s offices at any time. The Executive agrees to return immediately all Company material
and reproductions (including but not limited ,  to writings, correspondence, notes, drafts, records, invoices, technical
and business policies, computer programs or disks) thereof in his possession to the Company upon termination of employment, or
at any time upon the Company s request. 

3   

(b)                 
 Except with prior written authorization by the Company, the Executive agrees not to disclose or publish any of the Confidential
and Proprietary Information, or any confidential, scientific, technical or business information of any other party to whom the
Company owes an obligation of confidence, at any time during or after his employment with the Company. The restrictions in this
Section 5(b) and in Section 5(a) above will not apply to any information that the Executive is required to disclose by law,  provided
 that the Executive (i) notifies the Company of the existence and terms of such obligation, (ii) gives the Company a reasonable
opportunity to seek a protective or similar order to prevent or limit such disclosure, and (iii) only discloses that information
actually required to be disclosed. 

(c)                 
 The Executive agrees that all inventions, discoveries, improvements and patentable or copyrightable works (  Inventions  )
initiated, conceived or made by him, either alone or in conjunction with others, during the course of his employment by the Company
or that result from work performed by the Executive for the Company, shall be the sole property of the Company to the maximum
extent permitted by applicable law and, to the extent permitted by law, shall be  works made for hire  as that term
is defined in the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C.A., Section 101). The Company shall be the sole owner of all patents,
copyrights, trade secret rights, and other intellectual property or other rights in connection therewith. The Executive hereby
assigns to the Company all right, title and interest he may have or acquire in all such Inventions;  provided, however ,
that the Board may in its sole discretion agree to waive the Company s rights pursuant to this Section 5(c)
with respect to any Invention that is not directly or indirectly related to the Company s business. The Executive further
agrees to assist the Company in every proper way (but at the Company s expense) to obtain and from time to time enforce
patents, copyrights or other rights on such Inventions in any and all countries, and to that end the Executive will execute all
documents necessary: 

(i)                   
 to apply for, obtain and vest in the name of the Company alone (unless the Company otherwise directs) letters patent, copyrights
or other analogous protection in any country throughout the world and when so obtained or vested to renew and restore the same;
and 

(ii)                 
 to defend any opposition proceedings in respect of such applications and any opposition proceedings or petitions or applications
for revocation of such letters patent, copyright or other analogous protection. 

To
the extent this Agreement is required to be construed in accordance with the  laws of any state which precludes a requirement
to assign certain classes of inventions made by an employee, this Section 5 will be interpreted not to apply to any invention
which a court rules and/or the Company agrees falls within such classes. As required pursuant to Section 2872 of the California
Labor Code, Executive acknowledges that the Company has notified the Executive that the provisions of this Section 5 do not apply
to an invention which qualified fully under the provisions of Section 2870 of the California Labor Code. 

(d)                 
 The Executive acknowledges that, while performing the services under this Agreement the Executive may locate, identify
and/or evaluate patented or patentable inventions having commercial potential in the fields of pharmacy, pharmaceutical, biotechnology,
healthcare, technology and other fields which may be of potential interest to the Company (the   Third-Party
Inventions  ). The Executive understands, acknowledges and agrees that all rights to, interests in or opportunities regarding,
all Third-Party Inventions identified by the Company or its affiliates or either of the foregoing Persons 
officers, directors, employees (including the Executive), agents or consultants during the Term shall be and remain the sole and
exclusive property of the Company or such affiliate and the Executive shall have no rights whatsoever to such Third-Party Inventions
and will not pursue for himself or for others any transaction relating to the Third-Party Inventions which is not on behalf of
the Company. 

(e)                 
 The provisions of this Section 5 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 

4   

6.                   
  Non-Solicitation . The Executive understands and recognizes that his services to the Company are special and unique
and that in the course of performing such services the Executive will have access to and knowledge of Confidential and Proprietary
Information (as defined in Section 5) and will become knowledgeable of and familiar with the Company s customers as well
as the Company s business. The Executive acknowledges that, due to the unique nature of the Company s business, the
loss of any of its clients or business flow or the improper use of its Confidential and Proprietary Information could create significant
instability and cause substantial damage to the Company and therefore the Company has a strong legitimate business interest in
protecting the continuity of its business interests and the restrictions herein agreed to by the Executive narrowly and fairly
serve such an important and critical business interest of the Company. Therefore, the Executive covenants and agrees as follows: 

(a)                 
  Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings given to such terms below: 

(i)                   
     Company Employee   means (A) any person who is an employee of
the Company at the time of the date of the Executive s termination
of employment, and (B) any person who was an employee of the Company during the six (6) month period prior to, the termination
of the Executive s employment.  

(ii)                 
     Person   means any person, firm, partnership, joint venture, corporation
or other business entity.  

(iii)                
     Restricted Period   means the period commencing on the date of
the Executive s termination of employment and ending twelve (12) months thereafter,  provided, however , that this
period will be tolled and will not run during any time Executive is in violation of this Section 6, it being the intent of the
parties that the Restricted Period will be extended for any period of time in which the Executive is in violation of this Section
6.  

(b)                 
    Non-Solicitation . During his employment with the Company and during the Restricted
Period, the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, on the
Executive s own behalf or on behalf of any other Person, solicit, induce, or attempt to solicit or induce any Company Employee
or any independent contractor (who is then engaged by the Company or was engaged by the Company in the prior six (6) months) to
terminate his or her employment or engagement with the Company or to accept employment or engagement with any Person.   

(c)                 
   Enforcement . In the event that the Executive breaches or threatens to breach any provisions of Section 5 or this
Section 6, then the Company will suffer irreparable harm and monetary damages would be inadequate to compensate the Company. Accordingly,
in addition to any other rights which the Company may have, the Company shall (i) be entitled, without the posting of bond or
other security, to seek injunctive relief to enforce the restrictions contained in such Sections and (ii) have the right to require
the Executive to account for and pay over to the Company all compensation, profits, monies, accruals, increments and other benefits
(collectively   Benefits  ) derived or received by the Executive as a result of any transaction constituting
a breach of any of the provisions of Sections 5 or 6, to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

(d)                 
  Reasonableness and Severability . Each of the rights and remedies enumerated in Section 6(c) shall be independent
of the others and shall be in addition to and not in lieu of any other rights and remedies available to the Company at law or
in equity. The Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that the covenants provided for pursuant to Section 6 are essential elements
of Executive s employment by the Company and are reasonable with respect to their duration, geographic area and scope and
in all other respects. If, at the time of enforcement of this Section 6, a court of competent jurisdiction holds that the restrictions
stated herein are unreasonable under the circumstances then existing, the parties hereto agree that the maximum duration, scope
or geographic area legally permissible under such circumstances will be substituted for the duration, scope or area stated herein.
If any of the covenants contained in this Section 6, or any part of any of them, is hereafter construed or adjudicated to be invalid
or unenforceable, the same shall not affect the remainder of the covenant or covenants or rights or remedies which shall be given
full effect without regard to the invalid portions. No such holding of invalidity or unenforceability in one jurisdiction shall
bar or in any way affect the Company s right to the relief provided in this Section 6 or otherwise in the courts of any
other state or jurisdiction within the geographical scope of such covenants as to breaches of such covenants in such other respective
states or jurisdictions, such covenants being, for this purpose, severable into diverse and independent covenants. 

5   

(e)                 
  Remedies . In the event that an actual proceeding is brought in equity to enforce the provisions of Section 5 or
this Section 6, the Executive shall not urge as a defense that there is an adequate remedy at law nor shall the Company be prevented
from seeking any other remedies which may be available. The Executive agrees that he shall not raise in any proceeding brought
to enforce the provisions of Section 5 or this Section 6 that the covenants contained in such Sections limit his ability to earn
a living. 

(f)                  
  Survival . The provisions of Section 6 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

7.                   
  Representations and Warranties . 

(a)                 
 The Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows: 

(i)                   
 Neither the execution or delivery of this Agreement nor the performance by the Executive of his duties and other obligations
hereunder violate or will violate any statute, law, determination or award, or conflict with or constitute a default or breach
of any covenant or obligation under (whether immediately, upon the giving of notice or lapse of time or both) any prior employment
agreement, contract, or other instrument to which the Executive is a party or by which he is bound. 

(ii)                 
 The Executive has the full right, power and legal capacity to enter and deliver this Agreement and to perform his duties
and other obligations hereunder. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Executive enforceable
against him in accordance with its terms. No approvals or consents of any persons or entities are required for the Executive to
execute and deliver this Agreement or perform his duties and other obligations hereunder. 

(b)                 
 The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Executive that this Agreement and the employment of the Executive hereunder
have been duly authorized by and on behalf of the Company, including, without limitation, by all required action by the Board. 

8.                   
  Termination . The Executive s employment hereunder shall be terminated immediately upon the Executive s
death and may be otherwise terminated as follows: 

(a)                 
 The Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company for Cause. Any of the following actions by the
Executive shall constitute   Cause  : 

(i)                   
 The willful failure, disregard or continuing refusal by the Executive to perform his duties hereunder; 

(ii)                 
 Any act of willful or intentional misconduct, or a grossly negligent act by the Executive having the effect of injuring,
in a material way (as determined in good-faith by the Company), the business or reputation of the Company, including but not limited
to, any officer, director, or executive of the Company; 

(iii)                
 Willful misconduct by the Executive in carrying out his duties or obligations under this Agreement, including, without limitation,
insubordination with respect to lawful directions received by the Executive from the Chief Executive Officer or from the Board; 

(iv)               
 The Executive s indictment of any felony or a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude (including entry of a  nolo
contendere  plea); 

(v)                 
 The determination by the Company, based upon clear and convincing evidence, after a reasonable and good-faith investigation
by the Company following a written allegation by another employee of the Company, that the Executive engaged in some form of harassment
prohibited by law (including, without limitation, age, sex or race discrimination), unless the Executive s actions were specifically
directed by the Board; 

6   

(vi)               
 Any intentional misappropriation of the property of the Company, or embezzlement of its funds or assets (whether or not
a misdemeanor or felony); 

(vii)              
 Breach by the Executive of any of the provisions of Sections 5, 6, or 7 of this Agreement; and 

(viii)            
 Breach by the Executive of any provision of this Agreement other than those contained in Sections 5, 6, or 7 which is not
cured by the Executive within thirty (30) business days after notice thereof is given to the Executive by the Company. 

(b)                 
  The Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by the Board due to the Executive s Disability. For
purposes of this Agreement, a termination for   Disability   shall occur (i) when the Board has provided a written
termination notice to the Executive supported by a written statement from a reputable independent physician mutually selected
by the Company and the Executive, or the Executive s legal representatives in the event he is unable to make such selection
due to mental incapacity, to the effect that the Executive shall have become so physically or mentally incapacitated as to be
unable to resume, even with reasonable accommodation as may be required under the Americans With Disabilities Act, within the
ensuing twelve (12) months, his employment hereunder by reason of physical or mental illness or injury, or (ii) upon rendering
of a written termination notice by the Company after the Executive has been unable to substantially perform his duties hereunder,
even with reasonable accommodation as may be required under the Americans With Disabilities Act, for one hundred twenty (120)
or more consecutive days, or more than one hundred eighty (180) days in any consecutive twelve month period, by reason of any
physical or mental illness or injury. For purposes of this Section 8(b), the Executive agrees to make himself available and to
cooperate in any reasonable examination by a reputable independent physician mutually selected by the Company and the Executive,
and paid for by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall give the Company the right to terminate the Executive
prior to discharging its obligations to the Executive, if any, under the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Americans With Disabilities
Act, or any other applicable law. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for his actual cost of maintaining a supplementary
long-term disability insurance policy during the Term up to a maximum reimbursement of $10,000 per year. 

(c)                 
 The Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company (or its successor) by written notice to the
Executive upon the occurrence of a Change of Control. For purposes of this Agreement,   Change of Control   means
(i) the acquisition, directly or indirectly, following the date hereof by any person (as such term is defined in Section 13(d)
and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of securities
of the Company representing in excess of fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding
securities if such person or his or its affiliate(s) do not own in excess of 50% of such voting power on the Effective Date of
this Agreement, or (ii) the future disposition by the Company (whether direct or indirect, by sale of assets or stock, merger,
consolidation or otherwise) of all or substantially all of its business and/or assets in one transaction or series of related transactions
other than a merger (1) effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company or (2) effected for the purpose
of obtaining a public listing and/or publicly traded securities.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Change in Control
does not constitute a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion
of the assets of the Company, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ),
the amount of cash severance payable paid pursuant to Section 9(b), if any, shall be paid in equal installments in accordance with
the Company s then payroll practice over a 18-month period. Solely for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each installment
payment is considered a separate payment. 

(d)                 
 The Executive s employment hereunder may be voluntarily terminated by the Executive for Good Reason. For purposes
of this Agreement,   Good Reason   shall mean any of the following: (i) any material reduction by the Company
of the Executive s duties, responsibilities, or authority which causes his position with the Company to become of less responsibility
or authority than his position immediately following the Effective Date; (ii) any material reduction by the Company of the Executive s
compensation or benefits payable hereunder (it being understood that a reduction of benefits applicable to all employees of the
Company, including the Executive, shall not be deemed a reduction of the Executive s compensation package for purposes of
this definition); (iii) any requirement by the Company, without the Executive s prior written consent, that the Executive
locate the Executive s residence or primary place of employment to a location outside a 30-mile radius of such location
mutually agreed upon between the Company and the Executive as of the Effective Date, or such other location that the Company and
the Executive may mutually agree upon and designate from time to time during the Term; (iv) a material breach by the Company of
Section 7(b) of this Agreement which is not cured by the Company within 30 days after written notice thereof is given to the Company
by the Executive; or (v) a change in the lines of reporting such that the Executive no longer reports directly to the Chief Executive
Officer. However, notwithstanding the above, Good Reason shall not exist unless: (x) the Executive notifies the Board within ninety
(90) days of the initial existence of one of the adverse events described above, and (y) the Company fails to correct the adverse
event within thirty (30) days of such notice, and (z) the Executive s voluntary termination because of the existence of
one or more of the adverse events described above occurs within 24 months of the initial existence of the event. 

7   

(e)                 
 The Executive s employment may be terminated by the Company without Cause by delivery of written notice to the Executive
effective the date of delivery of such notice. 

(f)                  
 The Executive s employment may be terminated by the Executive in the absence of Good Reason by delivery of written
notice to the Company effective fifteen (15) days after the date of delivery of such notice. 

9.                   
  Compensation upon Termination . 

(a)                 
  Accrued Benefits . Upon termination of the Executive s employment by either party regardless of the cause or
reason, the Executive shall be entitled to the following, referred to herein as the   Accrued Benefits  : (i)
payment for any accrued, unpaid Base Salary through the termination date; (ii) if provided for under the Company s vacation
plan or policy or required by applicable law, payment for any accrued, unused vacation days through the termination date; and
(iii) reimbursement for any approved business expenses that the Executive has timely submitted for reimbursement in accordance
with the Company s business expense reimbursement policy or practice. Except as otherwise expressly provided by this Agreement,
the Company shall have no further payment obligations to the Executive and all Equity Awards that have not vested as of the date
of termination shall be forfeited to the Company as of such date. Subject to this Section 9, Stock Options that have vested as
of the Executive s termination shall remain exercisable for 90 days following such termination. 

(b)                 
  Change of Control Severance . If during the Term a Change of Control occurs and if during the six (6) month period
immediately following such Change of Control the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause pursuant
to Section 8(e) (and not due to non-renewal of the Term) or by the Executive for Good Reason pursuant to Section 8(d),  provided
 that the Executive signs and does not revoke a general release of claims against the Company within the time period specified
therein (which time period shall not exceed sixty (60) days), in form and substance satisfactory to the Company (the   Release  ),
and  provided further  that such termination is a  separation from service  within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
  1.409A-1(h), then the Company shall provide the following benefits to the Executive, referred to herein as the   Change
of Control Separation Benefits  : (i) a lump sum payment equal to eighteen (18) months of the Executive s then-current
Base Salary (less applicable taxes and withholdings); (ii) the full Annual Milestone Bonus (items (i) and (ii) being the   Change
of Control Separation Pay  ); (iii) immediate vesting in full of all Equity Awards; (iv) extension of the exercise period
for all Stock Options to the end of their term; and (v) if the Executive properly and timely elects to continue his health insurance
benefits under COBRA or applicable state continuation coverage after the date of termination, reimbursement for the Executive s
applicable health continuation coverage premiums for the lesser of (A) the eighteen (18) month period following the month in which
the Executive s termination date occurs, or (B) the maximum period permitted by applicable law,  provided  that the
Company s obligation to pay a portion of the Executive s health continuation coverage premiums will terminate if he
becomes eligible for insurance benefits from another employer during the reimbursement period. The Change of Control Separation
Pay will be paid within sixty (60) days after the termination date. 

(c)                 
  Other Severance Benefits . If the Executive s employment is terminated during the Term as a result of the Executive s
Disability pursuant to Section 8(b), by the Company without Cause pursuant to Section 8(e), or by the Executive for Good Reason
pursuant to Section 8(d),  provided  that the Executive signs and does not revoke the Release within the time period specified
therein (which time period shall not exceed sixty (60) days), and  provided further  that such termination is a  separation
from service  within the meaning of Treasury Regulation   1.409A-1(h), then the Company shall provide the following
benefits to the Executive, referred to herein as the   Separation Benefits  : (i) the continued payment in installments
of the Executive s then-current Base Salary (less applicable taxes and withholdings) for a period of twelve (12) months
following the date of termination (the   Separation Pay  ); (ii) all Equity Awards which would have become vested
during the twelve (12) months following the termination date shall accelerate and vest; (iii) the extension of the exercise period
for all vested Stock Options to the end of their term; and (iv)  provided  that the Executive properly and timely elects
to continue his health insurance benefits under COBRA or applicable state continuation coverage after the date of termination,
reimbursement for the Executive s applicable health care continuation coverage premiums for the lesser of (A) the twelve
(12) month period following the month in which the termination date occurs, or (B) the maximum period permitted by applicable
law,  provided  that the Company s obligation to pay a portion of the Executive s health continuation coverage
premiums will terminate if he becomes eligible for insurance benefits from another employer during the reimbursement period. The
first installment of the Separation Pay will be paid on the Company s first regular payday occurring sixty (60) days after
the termination date in an amount equal to the sum of payments of Base Salary that would have been paid if he had remained in
employment for the period from the termination date through the payment date. The remaining installments will be paid until the
end of the 12-month period at the same rate as the Base Salary in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices
for its employees. the Executive understands that if he is eligible to receive the Separation Benefits, such Separation Benefits
shall be in lieu of and not in addition to any other severance benefits otherwise provided for herein, including the severance
benefits described in Section 9(b) of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive is entitled to receive the
Separation Benefits but violates any provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement entered into by the Executive and the
Company after termination of employment, the Company will be entitled to immediately stop paying any further installments of the
Separation Benefits. If the Executive s employment is terminated during the Term as a result of the Executive s death,
then the Company shall provide to the Executive s estate the continued payment of Executive s then-current Base Salary
for a period of twelve (12) months following the date of termination, beginning on the Company s first regular payday following
the date of such termination. 

8   

(d)                 
 This Section 9 sets forth the only obligations of the Company with respect to the termination of the Executive s
employment with the Company, except as otherwise required by law, and the Executive acknowledges that, upon the termination of
his employment, he shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits which are not explicitly provided in Section 9. For purposes
of clarification, if the Executive s employment with the Company terminates upon expiration of the Term, the Executive shall
only be entitled to receive the Accrued Benefits described in Section 9(a). 

(e)                 
 Upon termination of the Executive s employment hereunder for any reason, if requested by the Board, the Executive
shall be deemed to have resigned as director and or officer of the Company, effective as of the date of such termination. 

(f)                  
 The provisions of this Section  9  shall survive any termination
of this Agreement. 

10.                
  409A Restrictions . The intent of the parties to this Agreement is that the payments, compensation and benefits under
this Agreement be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations
and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively,   Section 409A  ) and, in this connection, the following shall
be applicable: 

(a)                 
 To the greatest extent possible, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be exempt or in compliance with Section 409A. 

(b)                 
 If any severance, compensation, or benefit required by this Agreement is to be paid in a series of installment payments,
each individual payment in the series shall be considered a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. 

(c)                 
 If any severance, compensation, or benefit required by this Agreement that constitutes  nonqualified deferred compensation 
within the meaning of Section 409A is considered to be paid on account of  separation from service  within the meaning
of Section 409A, and the Executive is a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A, no payments of any
of such severance, compensation, or benefit shall be made for six (6) months plus one (1) day after such separation from service
(the   New Payment Date  ). The aggregate of any such payments that would have otherwise been paid during the
period between the date of separation from service and the New Payment Date shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum payment
on the New Payment Date. Thereafter, any severance, compensation, or benefit required by this Agreement that remains outstanding
as of the day immediately following the New Payment Date shall be paid without delay over the time period originally scheduled,
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

9   

(d)                 
   The provisions of this Section 10 shall survive any termination of this Agreement.  

11.                
  Miscellaneous . 

(a)                 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York,
without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws. 

(b)                 
 In the event of any dispute arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement or the breach thereof (other than Sections 5
or 6 hereof), or regarding the interpretation thereof, the parties agree to submit any differences to nonbinding mediation prior
to pursuing resolution through the courts. The parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of New York County,
New York, or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and agree that service of process in such
court proceedings shall be satisfactorily made upon each other if sent by registered mail addressed to the recipient at the address
referred to in Section 11(g) below. 

(c)                 
 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective heirs, legal representatives,
successors and permitted assigns. 

(d)                 
 This Agreement, and the Executive s rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned by the Executive. The rights
and obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the successors and
assigns of the Company, including any successors or assigns in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition of all or
substantially all of its business or assets. 

(e)                 
 This Agreement cannot be amended orally, or by any course of conduct or dealing, but only by a written agreement signed
by the parties hereto. 

(f)                  
 The failure of either party to insist upon the strict performance of any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this
Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of future compliance therewith, and such terms, conditions and provisions
shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement on the part of either party shall be
effective for any purpose whatsoever unless such waiver is in writing and signed by such party. 

(g)                 
 All notices, requests, consents and other communications, required or permitted to be given hereunder, shall be in writing
and shall be delivered personally or by an overnight courier service or sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid,
return receipt requested, to the parties at the addresses set forth on the first page of this Agreement, and shall be deemed given
when so delivered personally or by overnight courier, or, if mailed, five days after the date of deposit in the United States
mail. Either party may designate another address, for receipt of notices hereunder by giving notice to the other party in accordance
with this Section 11(g). 

(h)                 
 This Agreement, together with the Surviving Sections of the IC Agreement, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding
of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements, arrangements and understandings, written
or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof. No representation, promise or inducement has been made by either party that is
not embodied in this Agreement, and neither party shall be bound by or liable for any alleged representation, promise or inducement
not so set forth. 

(i)                   
 As used in this Agreement,   affiliate   of a specified person or entity shall mean and include any person
or entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with the specified person or entity. 

(j)                  
 The section headings contained herein are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement. 

(k)                 
 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

[ Remainder of Page Intentionally Left
Blank   Signature Page Follows ] 

10   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, 
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement and intend it to be effective as of the Effective Date by proper person thereunto
duly authorized. 

ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC.    

By:   
      /s/ Derek Small   

Name:     
      Derek Small   

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer and President   

EXECUTIVE    

/s/ Richard Colonno   

Name:   
      Richard Colonno, Ph.D   

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v451818_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Derek Small, certify that: 

1.   I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Assembly Biosciences, Inc.; 

2.   Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.   The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.   Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.   Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.   Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.   Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.   The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a.   All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b.   Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

By: 
     /s/ Derek Small  

Derek Small  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v451818_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, David J. Barrett, certify that: 

1.   I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Assembly Biosciences, Inc.; 

2.   Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.   The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.   Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.   Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.   Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.   Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.   The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a.   All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b.   Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

By: 
     /s/ David J. Barrett  

David J. Barrett  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v451818_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of Assembly Biosciences, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Derek Small, Chief Executive Officer, hereby
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my
knowledge: 

(1)    The Report
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)    The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

/s/ Derek Small  

Derek Small  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

November 9, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 v451818_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of Assembly Biosciences, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David J. Barrett, Chief Financial Officer, hereby
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my
knowledge: 

(1)    The Report
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)    The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

/s/ David J. Barrett  

David J. Barrett  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer  

November 9, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 asmb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 asmb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 asmb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 asmb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 asmb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 asmb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

