<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_737875_0001144204-16-132412_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12278582</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>158009</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>429686</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4156497</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5872482</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1417910</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>54</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132412.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108160325
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132412
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST KEYSTONE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000737875
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				232249083
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21344
		FILM NUMBER:		161981293

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 W FRONT ST
		CITY:			BERWICK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18603
		BUSINESS PHONE:		570-752-3671 EXT 173

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 WEST FRONT STREET
		CITY:			BERWICK

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132412.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 v451003_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10Q 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

or 

For the transition period from ________
to ________ 

Commission File Number: 2-88927 

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION   

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Pennsylvania   
       
       23-2249083    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
       
      Identification No.)   

Registrant s telephone number,
including area code: (570) 752-3671  

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.        Yes   x       No        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

  Yes   x        No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer,  and  small reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  
      x   
 
      Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

  Yes            No
  x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date: 

Common Stock, $2 Par Value, 5,659,809 shares as of November
3, 2016 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

 FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

2   

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016 AND 2015 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

3   

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME 

 (Unaudited) 

(a) Gross amounts are included in net investment
securities gains on the Consolidated Statements of Income in non-interest income. 

 (b) Income tax amounts are included in income tax expense on
the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

(a) Gross amounts are included in net investment securities
gains on the Consolidated Statements of Income in non-interest income. 

 (b) Gross amounts are included in impairment charges on equity
securities on the Consolidated Statements of Income in non-interest income. 

 (c) Income tax amounts are included in income tax expense on
the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

4   

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND
2015 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

5   

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2016 AND 2015 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

6   

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of First Keystone Corporation (the  Corporation ) and its wholly owned subsidiary, First Keystone Community
Bank (the  Bank ). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP )
for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP
for complete consolidated financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for fair presentation
have been included. Operating results for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative
of the results for the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and
notes thereto included in First Keystone Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

For comparative purposes, the September
30, 2015 balances have been reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation. Such reclassifications had no impact on net income. 

The Corporation has evaluated events and
transactions occurring subsequent to the consolidated balance sheet date of September 30, 2016 for items that should potentially
be recognized or disclosed in these consolidated financial statements. The evaluation was conducted through the date these consolidated
financial statements were issued. 

NOTE 2   RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS UPDATES ( ASU )

Except as disclosed below, there were no
new accounting pronouncements affecting the Corporation during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that were not already adopted
by the Corporation. 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , which supersedes the revenue
requirements in  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605).  This ASU requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange
for those goods or services. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 31, 2016, including interim
periods within the reporting period. Early application is not permitted. In August 2015, the FASB issued an update ASU 2015-14
which approved a one-year delay of the effective date of this standard. The deferral would require public entities to apply the
standard for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Public companies would be permitted to elect to early
adopt for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. In March 2016, the FASB issued an update ASU 2016-08 which
updates the new revenue standard by clarifying the principal versus agent implementation guidance, but does not change the core
principle of the new standard. In April 2016, the FASB issued an update ASU 2016-10. The ASU updates the standard by identifying
performance obligations and licenses of intellectual property, which clarifies the guidance surrounding licensing arrangements
and the identification of performance obligations. In May 2016, the FASB issued an update ASU 2016-12 which articulates narrow-scope
improvements and practical expedients. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact of these ASUs on its consolidated financial
statements. 

7   

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
 Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10)   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities . The guidance addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments.
In particular, the guidance revises an entity s accounting related to (1) the classification and measurement of investments
in equity securities and (2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. The
guidance also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with fair value of financial instruments. For public business entities,
the guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
Entities should apply the amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the
fiscal year of adoption. The adoption of this update is not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation s consolidated
financial position or results of operations. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842) . Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases (with the
exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: (i) a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease
payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (ii) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents
the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. Under the new guidance, lessor accounting
is largely unchanged. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted for all public business entities
upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases)
must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, 

 or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative
period presented in the financial statements. The Corporation is in the process of evaluating the impact of this guidance and anticipates
an impact to the consolidated financial statements with regard to the Corporation s operating lease agreements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326):  Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The ASU requires
that financial assets measured at amortized cost should be presented at the net amount expected to be collected, through an allowance
for credit losses that is deducted from the amortized cost basis. The allowance for credit losses should reflect management s
current estimate of credit losses that are expected to occur over the remaining life of a financial asset. This is in contrast
to existing guidance whereby credit losses generally are not recognized until they are incurred. For public companies, this update
will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
application will be permitted for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after
December 15, 2018.  The Corporation is currently assessing the impact that this guidance will have on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  The
amendments are intended to reduce diversity in practice. The guidance clarifies the classification of various business activities
as financing, operating or investing activity. The ASU contains additional guidance clarifying when an entity should separate cash
receipts and cash payments and classify them into more than one class of cash flows (including when reasonable judgment is required
to estimate and allocate cash flows) versus when an entity should classify the aggregate amount into one class of cash flows on
the basis of predominance. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. If an entity early adopts the amendments in
an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period.
An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Corporation is currently assessing
the impact that this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 3     INVESTMENT SECURITIES  

The Corporation classifies its investment
securities as either  Held-to-Maturity  or  Available-for-Sale  at the time of purchase. Investment securities
are accounted for on a trade date basis. Debt securities are classified as Held-to-Maturity when the Corporation has the ability
and positive intent to hold the securities to maturity. Investment securities classified as Held-to-Maturity are carried at cost
adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount to maturity. 

Debt securities not classified as Held-to-Maturity
and equity securities are included in the Available-for-Sale category and are carried at fair value. The amount of any unrealized
gain or loss, net of the effect of deferred income taxes, is reported as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity. Management s decision to sell Available-for-Sale
securities is based on changes in economic conditions, controlling the sources and applications of funds, terms, availability of
and yield of alternative investments, interest rate risk and the need for liquidity. 

8   

The cost of debt securities classified as
Held-to-Maturity or Available-for-Sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to expected maturity.
Such amortization and accretion, as well as interest and dividends, are included in interest and dividend income from investment
securities. Realized gains and losses are included in net investment securities gains and losses. The cost of investment securities
sold, redeemed or matured is based on the specific identification method. 

The amortized cost, related estimated fair
value, and unrealized gains and losses for investment securities classified as  Available-For-Sale  or  Held-to-Maturity 
were as follows at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Held-to-Maturity Securities     
 
     (Dollars in thousands)    
             
     Gross       
     Gross       

Amortized       
     Unrealized       
     Unrealized       
     Fair     
 
     September 30, 2016:    
     Cost       
     Gains       
     Losses       
     Value     
 
     Obligations of U.S. Government Corporations and Agencies:    

Mortgage-backed    
     $  17       
     $               
     $               
     $  17     
 
     Total    
     $  17       
     $            
     $            
     $  17     

Held-to-Maturity Securities     
 
     (Dollars in thousands)    
             
     Gross       
     Gross       

Amortized       
     Unrealized       
     Unrealized       
     Fair     
 
     December 31, 2015:    
     Cost       
     Gains       
     Losses       
     Value     
 
     Obligations of U.S. Government Corporations and Agencies:    

Mortgage-backed    
     $  26       
     $  1       
     $               
     $  27     
 
     Total    
     $  26       
     $  1       
     $            
     $  27     

9   

Securities Available-for-Sale with an aggregate
fair value of $326,002,000 at September 30, 2016 and $326,872,000 at December 31, 2015, and securities Held-to-Maturity with an
aggregate book value of $17,000 at September 30, 2016 and $26,000 at December 31, 2015, were pledged to secure public funds, trust
funds, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, FHLB advances and other balances of $251,573,000 at September 30, 2016 and
$219,576,000 at December 31, 2015. 

The amortized cost, estimated fair value
and weighted average yield of debt and equity securities, by contractual maturity, are shown below at September 30, 2016. Expected
maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without
call or prepayment penalties. 

1 Mortgage-backed securities are allocated for maturity
reporting at their original maturity date. 

  2 Average yields on tax-exempt obligations of state
and political subdivisions have been computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a 34% tax rate. 

  3 Marketable equity securities are not considered
to have defined maturities and are included in the after ten year category. 

There were no aggregate investments with
a single issuer (excluding the U.S. Government and U.S. Government Agencies and Corporations) which exceeded ten percent of consolidated
stockholders  equity at September 30, 2016. The quality rating of the obligations of state and political subdivisions are
generally investment grade, as rated by Moody s, Standard and Poor s or Fitch. The typical exceptions are local issues
which are not rated, but are secured by the full faith and credit obligations of the communities that issued these securities. 

Proceeds from sales of investments in Available-for-Sale
debt and equity securities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $39,406,000 and $32,059,000, respectively.
Gross gains realized on these sales were $497,000 and $1,036,000, respectively. Gross losses realized on these sales for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $102,000 and $0, respectively. There were no impairment losses realized on Available-for-Sale
equity securities during the third quarter of 2016 or 2015. 

10   

Proceeds from sales of investments in Available-for-Sale
debt and equity securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $66,814,000 and $111,799,000, respectively.
Gross gains realized on these sales were $932,000 and $2,186,000, respectively. Gross losses on these sales were $143,000 and $55,000,
respectively. Impairment losses realized on Available-for-Sale equity securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 were $0 and $14,000, respectively. 

There were no proceeds from sales of investments
in Held-to-Maturity debt equity securities during the three or nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. Therefore,
there were no gains or losses realized during these periods. 

Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary
impairment ( OTTI ) at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such
an evaluation. Investment securities classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity are generally evaluated for OTTI under
FASB ASC 320,  Investments - Debt and Equity Securities . In determining OTTI under the FASB ASC 320 model, management considers
many factors, including (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial
condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, (3) whether the market decline was affected by macroeconomic conditions, and (4)
whether the entity has the intent to sell the debt security or more likely than not will be required to sell the debt security
before its anticipated recovery. The assessment of whether an other-than-temporary decline exists involves a high degree of subjectivity
and judgment and is based on the information available to management at a point in time. 

When other-than-temporary impairment occurs
on debt securities, the amount of the other-than-temporary impairment recognized in earnings depends on whether an entity intends
to sell the security or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis
less any current-period credit loss. If an entity intends to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell the security
before recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current-period credit loss, the other-than-temporary impairment shall be recognized
in earnings equal to the entire difference between the investment s amortized cost basis and its fair value at the balance
sheet date. If an entity does not intend to sell the security and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required
to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current-period loss, the other-than-temporary impairment
shall be separated into the amount representing the credit loss and the amount related to all other factors. The amount of the
total other-than-temporary impairment related to the credit loss is determined based on the present value of cash flows expected
to be collected, and the realized loss is recognized as impairment charges on securities on the Consolidated Statements of Income.
The amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to the other factors shall be recognized in other comprehensive
income (loss), net of applicable taxes. The previous amortized cost basis less the other-than-temporary impairment recognized in
earnings becomes the new amortized cost basis of the investment. 

The fair market value of the equity securities
tends to fluctuate with the overall equity markets as well as the trends specific to each institution. The equity securities portfolio
is reviewed in a similar manner as that of the debt securities with greater emphasis placed on the length of time the market value
has been less than the carrying value and the financial sector outlook. The Corporation also reviews dividend payment activities,
levels of non-performing assets and loan loss reserves. The starting point for the equity analysis is the length and severity of
market value decline. The realized loss is recognized as impairment charges on securities on the Consolidated Statements of Income.
The amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of applicable taxes.
The previous cost basis less the other-than-temporary impairment recognized in earnings becomes the new cost basis of the investment. 

The Corporation and its investment advisors
monitor the entire portfolio monthly with particular attention given to securities in a continuous loss position of at least ten
percent for over twelve months. As of September 30, 2015, we recognized other than temporary impairment on one equity security
that was trading below cost basis. We have written down the value of the shares based upon market indications. In management s
opinion, the equity securities reflect a more accurate valuation of the shares after the impairment charge. Based on the factors
described above, management did not consider any securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016 or December
31, 2015. 

11   

In accordance with disclosures required
by FASB ASC 320-10-50,  Investments - Debt and Equity Securities , the summary below shows the gross unrealized losses and
fair value of the Corporation s investments, aggregated by investment category, that individual securities have been in a
continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months or 12 months or more as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The Corporation invests in various forms
of agency debt including mortgage-backed securities and callable debt. The mortgage-backed securities are issued by FHLMC ( Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ), FNMA ( Federal National Mortgage Association ) or GNMA ( Government National
Mortgage Association ). The municipal securities consist of general obligations and revenue bonds. The marketable equity
securities consist of stocks in other bank holding companies. The fair market value of the above securities is influenced by market
interest rates, prepayment speeds on mortgage securities, bid-offer spreads in the market place and credit premiums for various
types of agency debt. These factors change continuously and therefore the market value of these securities may be higher or lower
than the Corporation s carrying value at any measurement date. Management does not believe any of their 19 securities with
a one year or less unrealized loss position or any of their 9 securities with a greater than one year unrealized loss position
as of September 30, 2016, represent an other-than-temporary impairment, as these unrealized losses relate principally to changes
in interest rates subsequent to the acquisition of the specific securities. 

12   

NOTE 4     LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES  

Loans  

Net loans are stated at their outstanding
recorded investment, net of deferred fees and costs, unearned income and the allowance for loan losses. Interest on loans is recognized
as income over the term of each loan, generally, by the accrual method. Loan origination fees and certain direct loan origination
costs have been deferred with the net amount amortized using the straight line method or the interest method over the contractual
life of the related loans as an interest yield adjustment. 

Residential mortgage loans held for resale
are carried at the lower of cost or market on an aggregate basis determined by independent pricing from appropriate federal or
state agency investors. These loans are sold without recourse. 

The loans receivable portfolio is segmented
into commercial, residential and consumer loans. Commercial loans consist of the following classes: Commercial and Industrial and
Commercial Real Estate. 

Commercial and Industrial Lending  

The Corporation originates commercial and
industrial loans primarily to businesses located in its primary market area and surrounding areas. These loans are used for various
business purposes, which include short-term loans and lines of credit to finance machinery and equipment, inventory and accounts
receivable. Generally, the maximum term for loans extended on machinery and equipment is based on the projected useful life of
such machinery and equipment. Most business lines of credit are written on demand and are reviewed annually. 

Commercial and industrial loans are generally
secured with short-term assets; however, in many cases, additional collateral such as real estate is provided as additional security
for the loan. Loan-to-value maximum thresholds have been established by the Corporation and are specific to the type of collateral.
Collateral values may be determined using invoices, inventory reports, accounts receivable aging reports, business financial statements,
collateral appraisals, etc. Commercial and industrial loans are typically secured by personal guarantees of the borrower. 

In underwriting commercial and industrial
loans, an analysis is performed to evaluate the borrower's character and capacity to repay the loan, the adequacy of the borrower's
capital and collateral, as well as the conditions affecting the borrower. Evaluation of the borrower's past, present and future
cash flows is also an important aspect of the Corporation's analysis of the borrower s ability to repay. 

Commercial and industrial loans generally
present a higher level of risk than other types of loans due primarily to the effect of general economic conditions. Commercial
and industrial loans are typically made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from cash flows from the
borrower s primary business activities. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial and industrial
loans is dependent on the success of the business itself, which in turn, is likely to be dependent upon the general economic environment. 

Commercial Real Estate Lending  

The Corporation engages in commercial real
estate lending in its primary market area and surrounding areas. The Corporation s commercial real estate portfolio is secured
primarily by commercial retail space, commercial office buildings, residential housing and hotels. Generally, commercial real estate
loans have terms that do not exceed twenty years, have loan-to-value ratios of up to eighty percent of the value of the collateral
property, and are typically secured by personal guarantees of the borrowers. 

In underwriting these loans, the Corporation
performs a thorough analysis of the financial condition of the borrower, the borrower s credit history, and the reliability
and predictability of the cash flow generated by the property securing the loan. The value of the property is determined by either
independent appraisers or internal evaluations by Bank officers. 

Commercial real estate loans generally present
a higher level of risk than residential real estate secured loans. Repayment of loans secured by commercial real estate is typically
dependent upon the successful operation of the related real estate project and/or the effect of the general economic conditions
on income producing properties. 

13   

Residential Real Estate Lending (Including Home Equity)  

The Corporation s residential real
estate portfolio is comprised of one-to-four family residential mortgage loan originations, home equity term loans and home equity
lines of credit. These loans are generated by the Corporation s marketing efforts, its present customers, walk-in customers
and referrals. These loans originate primarily within or with customers from the Corporation s market area. 

The Corporation s one-to-four family
residential mortgage originations are secured primarily by properties located in its primary market area and surrounding areas.
The Corporation offers fixed-rate mortgage loans with terms up to a maximum of thirty years for both permanent structures and those
under construction. Generally, the majority of the Corporation s residential mortgage loans originate with a loan-to-value
of eighty percent or less, or those with primary mortgage insurance at ninety-five percent or less. Home equity term loans are
secured by the borrower s primary residence and typically have a maximum loan-to-value of eighty percent and a maximum term
of fifteen years. In general, home equity lines of credit are secured by the borrower s primary residence with a maximum
loan-to-value of eighty percent and a maximum term of twenty years. 

In underwriting one-to-four family residential
mortgage loans, the Corporation evaluates the borrower s ability to make monthly payments, the borrower s repayment
history and the value of the property securing the loan. The ability and willingness to repay is determined by the borrower s
employment history, current financial conditions and credit background. A majority of the properties securing residential real
estate loans made by the Corporation are appraised by independent appraisers. The Corporation generally requires mortgage loan
borrowers to obtain an attorney s title opinion or title insurance and fire and property insurance, including flood insurance,
if applicable. 

Residential mortgage loans, home equity
term loans and home equity lines of credit generally present a lower level of risk than consumer loans because they are secured
by the borrower s primary residence. Risk is increased when the Corporation is in a subordinate position, especially to another
lender, for the loan collateral. 

Consumer Lending  

The Corporation offers a variety of secured
and unsecured consumer loans, including vehicle loans, stock loans and loans secured by financial institution deposits. These loans
originate primarily within or with customers from the market area. 

Consumer loan terms vary according to the
type and value of collateral and creditworthiness of the borrower. In underwriting personal loans, a thorough analysis is performed
regarding the borrower s willingness and financial ability to repay the loan as agreed. The ability to repay is determined
by the borrower s employment history, current financial condition and credit background. 

Consumer loans may entail greater credit
risk than residential real estate loans, particularly in the case of personal loans which are unsecured or are secured by rapidly
depreciable assets, such as automobiles or recreational equipment. In such cases, repossessed collateral for a defaulted personal
loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance as a result of the greater likelihood of damage,
loss or depreciation. In addition, personal loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability
and therefore, are more likely to be affected by adverse personal circumstances. Furthermore, the application of various federal
and state laws, including bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans. 

Delinquent Loans  

Generally, a loan is considered to be past-due
when scheduled loan payments are in arrears 10 days or more. Delinquent notices are generated automatically when a loan is 10 or
15 days past-due depending on loan type. Collection efforts continue on past-due loans that have not been brought current, when
it is believed that some chance exists for improvement in the status of the loan. Past-due loans are continually evaluated with
the determination for charge-off being made when no reasonable chance remains that the status of the loan can be improved. 

Commercial and Industrial and Commercial
Real Estate loans are charged off in whole or in part when they become sufficiently delinquent based upon the terms of the underlying
loan contract and when a collateral deficiency exists. Because all or part of the contractual cash flows are not expected to be
collected, the loan is considered to be impaired, and the Bank estimates the impairment based on its analysis of the cash flows
or collateral estimated at fair value less cost to sell. 

14   

Residential Real Estate and Consumer loans
are charged off when they become sufficiently delinquent based upon the terms of the underlying loan contract and when the value
of the underlying collateral is not sufficient to support the loan balance and a loss is expected. At that time, the amount of
estimated collateral deficiency, if any, is charged off for loans secured by collateral, and all other loans are charged off in
full. Loans with collateral are charged down to the estimated fair value of the collateral less cost to sell. 

Loans in which the borrower is in bankruptcy
are considered on a case by case basis and are either charged off or reaffirmed by the borrower. 

Generally, a loan is classified as non-accrual
and the accrual of interest on such a loan is discontinued when the contractual payment of principal or interest has become 90
days past due or management has serious doubts about further collectability of principal or interest, even though the loan may
currently be performing. A loan may remain on accrual status if it is well secured (or supported by a strong guarantee) and in
the process of collection. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, unpaid interest credited to income in the current year
is reversed and unpaid interest accrued in prior years is charged against interest income. Certain non-accrual loans may continue
to perform; that is, payments are still being received. Generally, the payments are applied to principal. These loans remain under
constant scrutiny, and if performance continues, interest income may be recorded on a cash basis based on management's judgment
as to collectability of principal. 

Allowance for Loan Losses  

The allowance for loan losses is established
through provisions for loan losses charged against income. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for
loan losses and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. 

The allowance for loan losses is maintained
at a level estimated by management to be adequate to absorb potential loan losses. Management s periodic evaluation of the
adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is based on the Corporation s past loan loss experience, known and inherent risks
in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay (including the timing of future payments),
the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions, and other relevant
factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates including the amounts and timing of future
cash flows expected to be received on impaired loans that may be susceptible to significant change. 

The allowance consists of specific, general
and unallocated components. The specific component relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired. Select loans
are not aggregated for collective impairment evaluation, as such; all loans are subject to individual impairment evaluation should
the facts and circumstances pertinent to a particular loan suggest that such evaluation is necessary. Factors considered by management
in determining impairment include payment status and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when
due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management
determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of
the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s
prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. If a loan is impaired, a
portion of the allowance may be allocated so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash flows
using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from collateral. Troubled
debt restructurings are separately identified for impairment disclosures and are measured at the present value of estimated future
cash flows using the loan s effective rate at inception. If a troubled debt restructuring is considered to be a collateral
dependent loan, the loans may be reported, net, at the fair value of the collateral. For troubled debt restructurings that subsequently
default, the Corporation determines the amount of reserve in accordance with the accounting policy for the allowance for loan losses. 

The general component covers all other loans
not identified as impaired and is based on historical losses and qualitative factors. The historical loss component of the allowance
is determined by losses recognized by portfolio segment over a time period that management has determined represents the current
credit cycle. Qualitative factors impacting each portfolio segment may include: delinquency trends, loan volume trends, Bank policy
changes, management processes and oversight, economic trends (including change in consumer and business disposable incomes, unemployment
and under-employment levels, and other conditions), concentrations by industry or product, internal and external loan review processes,
collateral value and market conditions, and external factors including regulatory issues and competition. 

15   

The unallocated component of the allowance
is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component
of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating
specific and general losses in the portfolio. 

A reserve for unfunded lending commitments
is provided for possible credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures. The reserve for unfunded lending commitments represents
management s estimate of losses inherent in its unfunded loan commitments and, if necessary, is recorded in other liabilities
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the amount of the reserve for unfunded lending
commitments was $193,000 and $184,000, respectively. 

The Corporation is subject to periodic examination
by its federal and state examiners, and may be required by such regulators to recognize additions to the allowance for loan losses
based on their assessment of credit information available to them at the time of their examinations. 

A loan is considered impaired when, based
on current information and events, it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual
terms of the original loan agreement. Under current accounting standards, the allowance for loan losses related to impaired loans
is based on discounted cash flows using the loan s effective interest rate at inception or the fair value of the collateral
for certain collateral dependent loans. 

The restructuring of a loan is considered
a  troubled debt restructuring  if both the following conditions are met: (i) the borrower is experiencing financial
difficulties, and (ii) the Bank has granted a concession. The most common concessions granted include one or more modifications
to the terms of the debt, such as (a) a reduction in the interest rate for the remaining life of the debt, (b) an extension of
the maturity date at an interest rate lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk, (c) a temporary period
of interest-only payments, and (d) a reduction in the contractual payment amount for either a short period or remaining term of
the loan. A less common concession is the forgiveness of a portion of the principal. 

The determination of whether a borrower
is experiencing financial difficulties takes into account not only the current financial condition of the borrower, but also the
potential financial condition of the borrower were a concession not granted. Similarly, the determination of whether a concession
has been granted is very subjective in nature. For example, simply extending the term of a loan at its original interest rate or
even at a higher interest rate could be interpreted as a concession unless the borrower could readily obtain similar credit terms
from a different lender. 

Loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring
are considered impaired and may or may not be placed on non-accrual status until the Bank determines the future collection of principal
and interest is reasonably assured, which generally requires that the borrower demonstrates a period of performance according to
the restructured terms of six months. 

The Bank utilizes a risk grading matrix
as a tool for managing credit risk in the loan portfolio and assigns an asset quality rating (risk grade) to all Commercial and
Industrial, Commercial Real Estate, Residential Real Estate and Consumer borrowings. An asset quality rating is assigned using
the guidance provided in the Bank s loan policy. Primary responsibility for assigning the asset quality rating rests with
the lender. The asset quality rating is validated periodically by both an internal and external loan review process. 

The commercial loan grading system focuses
on a borrower s financial strength and performance, experience and depth of management, primary and secondary sources of
repayment, the nature of the business and the outlook for the particular industry. Primary emphasis is placed on financial condition
and trends. The grade also reflects current economic and industry conditions; as well as other variables such as liquidity, cash
flow, revenue/earnings trends, management strengths or weaknesses, quality of financial information, and credit history. 

The loan grading system for Residential
Real Estate and Consumer loans focuses on the borrower s credit score and credit history, debt-to-income ratio and income
sources, collateral position and loan-to-value ratio, as well as other variables such as current economic conditions, and individual
strengths and weaknesses. 

16   

Risk grade characteristics are as follows: 

Risk Grade 1   MINIMAL RISK through Risk Grade 6
  MANAGEMENT ATTENTION (Pass Grade Categories)   

Risk is evaluated via examination of several
attributes including but not limited to financial trends, strengths and weaknesses, likelihood of repayment when considering both
cash flow and collateral, sources of repayment, leverage position, management expertise, and repayment history. 

At the low-risk end of the rating scale,
a risk grade of 1   Minimal Risk is the grade reserved for loans with exceptional credit fundamentals and virtually no risk
of default or loss. Loan grades then progress through escalating ratings of 2 through 6 based upon risk. Risk Grade 2   Modest
Risk are loans with sufficient cash flows; Risk Grade 3   Average Risk are loans with key balance sheet ratios slightly above
the borrower s peers; Risk Grade 4   Acceptable Risk are loans with key balance sheet ratios usually near the borrower s
peers, but one or more ratios may be higher; and Risk Grade 5   Marginally Acceptable are loans with strained cash flow,
increasing leverage and/or weakening markets. Risk Grade 6   Management Attention are loans with weaknesses resulting from
declining performance trends and the borrower s cash flows may be temporarily strained. Loans in this category are performing
according to terms, but present some type of potential concern. 

Risk Grade 7   SPECIAL MENTION (Non-Pass Category)   

Generally, these loans or assets are currently
protected, but are  potentially weak.  They constitute an undue and unwarranted credit risk but not to the point of
justifying a classification of substandard. 

Assets in this category are currently protected
but have potential weakness which may, if not checked or corrected, weaken the asset or inadequately protect the Bank s credit
position at some future date. No loss of principal or interest is envisioned; however, they constitute an undue credit risk that
may be minor but is unwarranted in light of the circumstances surrounding a specific asset. Risk is increasing beyond that at which
the loan originally would have been granted. Historically, cash flows are inconsistent; financial trends show some deterioration.
Liquidity and leverage are above industry averages. Financial information could be incomplete or inadequate. A Special Mention
asset has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. 

Risk Grade 8   SUBSTANDARD (Non-Pass Category)   

Generally, these assets are inadequately
protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Assets so classified
must have  well-defined  weaknesses that jeopardize the full liquidation of the debt. 

The assets are characterized by the distinct
possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the aggregate amount of substandard assets is not fully covered by the liquidation
of the collateral used as security. Substandard loans have a high probability of payment default and require more intensive supervision
by Bank management. 

Risk Grade 9   DOUBTFUL (Non-Pass Category)   

Generally, loans graded doubtful have all
the weaknesses inherent in a substandard loan with the added factor that the weaknesses are pronounced to a point whereby the basis
of current information, conditions, and values, collection or liquidation in full is deemed to be highly improbable. The possibility
of loss is extremely high, but because of certain important and reasonably specific pending factors that may work to strengthen
the asset, its classification is deferred until, for example, a proposed merger, acquisition, liquidation procedure, capital injection,
perfection of liens on additional collateral and/or refinancing plan is completed. Loans are graded doubtful if they contain weaknesses
so serious that collection or liquidation in full is questionable. 

17   

The following table presents the classes
of the loan portfolio summarized by risk rating as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Commercial and Industrial and Commercial
Real Estate include loans categorized as tax-free in the amounts of $34,913,000 and $2,824,000 at September 30, 2016 and $43,817,000
and $2,992,000 at December 31, 2015. Loans held for sale amounted to $4,474,000 at September 30, 2016 and $1,929,000 at December
31, 2015. 

18   

The activity in the allowance for loan losses,
by loan class, is summarized below for the periods indicated. 

19   

Of the $1,330,000 in foreclosed assets held
for resale at September 30, 2016, $59,000 was secured by residential real estate, $50,000 was secured by land, and $1,221,000 was
secured by commercial real estate. Of the $1,472,000 in foreclosed assets held for resale at December 31, 2015, $256,000 was secured
by residential real estate, $50,000 was secured by land, and $1,166,000 was secured by commercial real estate. At September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, all foreclosed assets were held as the result of obtaining physical possession. Consumer mortgage loans
secured by residential real estate for which the Bank has entered into formal foreclosure proceedings but for which physical possession
of the property has yet to be obtained amounted to $246,000 at September 30, 2016 and $221,000 at December 31, 2015. These balances
were not included in foreclosed assets held for resale at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

From time to time, the Bank may agree to
modify the contractual terms of a borrower s loan. In cases where the modifications represent a concession to a borrower
experiencing financial difficulty, the modification is considered a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ). 

20   

The outstanding balance of TDRs as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $11,759,000 and $11,096,000, respectively. The increase in TDRs was attributable to deterioration
in the respective borrower s financial position and in some cases a declining collateral value, along with the Bank s
proactive monitoring of the loan portfolio. There were $2,000 and $31,000 in unfunded commitments on TDRs at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, two loans with a combined post modification balance of $1,860,000 were classified as TDRs, as compared to the same period
in 2015, when two loans with a combined post modification balance of $992,000 were classified as TDRs. The loan modifications for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of one term modification and one payment modification. The loan modifications
for the three months ended September 30, 2015 consisted of one term modification and one payment modification. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, nine loans with a combined post modification balance of $2,402,000 were classified as TDRs, as compared to the same period
in 2015, when seven loans with a combined post modification balance of $5,550,000 were classified as TDRs. The loan modifications
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of six term modifications and three payment modifications. The loan modifications
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 consisted of four term modifications and three payment modifications. 

The following table presents the unpaid
balance of TDRs at the dates indicated: 

At September 30, 2016, nine Commercial Real
Estate loans classified as TDRs with a combined recorded investment of $781,000 were not in compliance with the terms of their
restructure, compared to September 30, 2015 when five Commercial Real Estate loans classified as TDRs with a combined recorded
investment of $2,133,000 were not in compliance with the terms of their restructure. The significant decrease in TDRs not in compliance
with the terms of their restructure at September 30, 2016 as compared to September 30, 2015 is largely due to the proper measures
being taken to bring a purchased participation loan in the amount of $1,277,000 to a distributor of recreational vehicles into
compliance with the terms of its restructure. A piece of property related to the loan, valued at $925,000, was moved to foreclosed
assets held for resale at December 31, 2015, and proper measures were taken to bring the remainder of the loan into compliance
with restructure terms by September 30, 2016. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, one Commercial and Industrial loan in the amount of $15,000 that was modified as a TDR within the preceding twelve months
had experienced a payment default, as compared to the same period in 2015 when two Commercial Real Estate loans totaling $178,000
that were modified as a TDRs within the preceding twelve months had experienced payment defaults. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, one Commercial and Industrial loan in the amount of $15,000 that was modified as a TDR within the preceding
twelve months had experienced a payment default, as compared to the same period in 2015 when three Commercial Real Estate loans
totaling $4,404,000 that were modified as TDRs within the preceding twelve months had experienced payment defaults. The significant
decrease in defaulted TDRs at September 30, 2016 as compared to September 30, 2015 is largely due to one loan in the amount of
$4,226,000 to a student housing holding company, which was modified as a TDR in the first quarter of 2015 and experienced its subsequent
payment default during the second quarter of 2015. 

21   

The following table presents information
regarding the loan modifications categorized as TDRs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30,
2015: 

The following table provides detail regarding
the types of loan modifications made for loans categorized as TDRs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015 with the total number of each type of modification performed. 

22   

The recorded investment, unpaid principal
balance, and the related allowance of the Corporation s impaired loans are summarized below for the periods ended September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $11,759,000 and
$11,096,000 of loans classified as TDRs were included in impaired loans with a total allocated allowance of $0 and $309,000, respectively.
The recorded investment represents the loan balance reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets net of any charge-offs. The unpaid
principal balance is equal to the gross amount due on the loan. 

The average recorded investment and interest
income recognized for the Corporation s impaired loans are summarized below for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. 

Of the $162,000 and $106,000 in interest income recognized on
impaired loans for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, $5,000 and $60,000 in interest income was
recognized with respect to non-accrual loans. 

23   

Of the $417,000 and $362,000 in interest income recognized on
impaired loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, $5,000 and $60,000 in interest income was recognized
with respect to non-accrual loans. 

Loans receivable on non-accrual status,
foreclosed assets held for resale and loans past-due 90 days or more and still accruing, as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 were as follows: 

The following tables present the classes
of the loan portfolio summarized by the past-due status at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

24   

At September 30, 2016, commitments to lend additional
funds with respect to impaired loans consisted of three irrevocable letters of credit totaling $2,204,000. One irrevocable letter
of credit in the amount of $2,185,000 was associated with a loan to a developer of a residential sub-division. Two irrevocable
letters of credit totaling $19,000 were associated with a loan to a non-profit community recreation facility. At December 31,
2015, the only commitment to lend additional funds with respect to impaired loans was an irrevocable letter of credit in the amount
of $2,185,000 associated with a loan to a developer of a residential sub-division. 

NOTE 5     BORROWINGS  

Short-Term Borrowings  

Short-term borrowings include federal funds
purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, Federal Discount Window, and Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB )
advances, which generally represent overnight or less than 30-day borrowings. 

Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase ( Repurchase
Agreements )  

The Corporation enters into agreements under
which it sells securities subject to an obligation to repurchase the same or similar securities. Under these arrangements, the
Corporation may transfer legal control over the assets but still retain effective control through an agreement that both entitles
and obligates the Corporation to repurchase the assets. 

As a result, these repurchase agreements
are accounted for as collateralized financing agreements (i.e., secured borrowings) and not as a sale and subsequent repurchase
of securities. The obligation to repurchase the securities is reflected as a liability on the Corporation s Consolidated
Balance Sheets, while the securities underlying the repurchase agreements remain in the respective investment securities asset
accounts. In other words, there is not offsetting or netting of the investment securities assets with the repurchase agreement
liabilities. In addition, as the Corporation does not enter into reverse repurchase agreements, there is no such offsetting to
be done with the repurchase agreements. 

The right of setoff for a repurchase agreement
resembles a secured borrowing, whereby the collateral would be used to settle the fair value of the repurchase agreement should
the Corporation be in default (e.g., fails to make an interest payment to the counterparty). The collateral is held by a correspondent
bank in the counterparty s custodial account. The counterparty has the right to sell or repledge the investment securities. 

25   

The following table presents the short-term
borrowings subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or repurchase agreements as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. 

(a) As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
fair value of securities pledged in connection with repurchase agreements was $26,892,000 and $27,510,000, respectively. 

The following table presents the remaining
contractual maturity of the master netting arrangement or repurchase agreements as of September 30, 2016: 

Long-Term Borrowings  

Long-term borrowings are comprised of advances
from FHLB and a capital lease assumed as a result of the acquisition of Pocono Community Bank. Under terms of a blanket agreement,
collateral for the FHLB loans is certain qualifying assets of the Corporation s banking subsidiary. The principal assets
are real estate mortgages and certain investment securities. 

NOTE 6     COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

In the normal course of business, there
are various pending legal actions and proceedings that are not reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Management does
not believe the outcome of these actions and proceedings will have a material effect on the consolidated financial position or
results of operations of the Corporation. 

NOTE 7     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE
SHEET RISK AND CONCENTRATIONS  

  OF CREDIT RISK  

The Corporation is a party to financial
instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial
instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees,
elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. The contract or
notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Corporation has in particular classes of financial
instruments. The Corporation does not engage in trading activities with respect to any of its financial instruments with off-balance
sheet risk. 

The Corporation s exposure to credit
loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby
letters of credit is represented by the contractual notional amount of those instruments. 

26   

The Corporation uses the same credit policies
in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. 

The Corporation may require collateral or
other security to support financial instruments with off-balance sheet credit risk. 

The contract or notional amounts at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, were as follows: 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements
to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have
fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses that may require payment of a fee. Since some of the commitments may expire
without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Corporation evaluates
each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Corporation
upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the borrower. Collateral held varies but may include
accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, owner-occupied income-producing commercial properties, and residential
real estate. 

Standby letters of credit are conditional
commitments issued by the Corporation to guarantee payment to a third party when a customer either fails to repay an obligation
or fails to perform some non-financial obligation. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same
as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Corporation may hold collateral to support standby letters of credit
for which collateral is deemed necessary. 

NOTE 8     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

Fair value measurement and disclosure guidance
defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell the asset or transfer the liability in an orderly transaction (that
is, not a forced liquidation or distressed sale) between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions.
This guidance provides additional information on determining when the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability has
significantly decreased. The guidance also includes information on identifying circumstances when a transaction may not be considered
orderly. 

Fair value measurement and disclosure guidance
provides a list of factors that a reporting entity should evaluate to determine whether there has been a significant decrease in
the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability in relation to normal market activity for the asset or liability. When
the reporting entity concludes there has been a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability,
further analysis of the information from that market is needed and significant adjustments to the related prices may be necessary
to estimate fair value in accordance with the fair value measurement and disclosure guidance. 

This guidance clarifies that when there
has been a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability, some transactions may not be orderly.
In those situations, the entity must evaluate the weight of the evidence to determine whether the transaction is orderly. The guidance
provides a list of circumstances that may indicate that a transaction is not orderly. A transaction price that is not associated
with an orderly transaction is given little, if any, weight when estimating fair value. 

27   

Fair value is the price that would be received
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
Inputs to valuation techniques refer to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Inputs
may be observable, meaning those that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed
based on market data obtained from independent sources, or unobservable, meaning those that reflect the reporting entity s
own belief about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based upon the best information
available in the circumstances. Fair value measurement and disclosure guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy for valuation
inputs that gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority
to unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarchy is as follows: 

Level 1 Inputs :     Unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities; 

Level 2 Inputs :     Quoted prices in markets
that are not active, or inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset
or liability; 

Level 3 Inputs :     Prices or valuation techniques
that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e., supported by little or no market
activity). 

A description of the valuation methodologies
used for instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation
hierarchy, is set forth as follows. 

Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
investments measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the valuation methods used are as follows: 

28   

The estimated fair values of equity securities
classified as Level 1 are derived from quoted market prices in active markets; these assets consist mainly of stocks held in other
banks. The estimated fair values of all debt securities classified as Level 2 are obtained from nationally-recognized third-party
pricing agencies. The estimated fair values are derived primarily from cash flow models, which include assumptions for interest
rates, credit losses, and prepayment speeds. The significant inputs utilized in the cash flow models are based on market data obtained
from sources independent of the Corporation (observable inputs), and are therefore classified as Level 2 within the fair value
hierarchy. The Corporation does not have any Level 3 inputs for investments. There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level
2 during 2016 or 2015. 

Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring
Basis  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
impaired loans measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis that are collateral dependent and the valuation methods used are
as follows: 

The Bank s impaired loan valuation
procedure for any loans greater than $250,000 requires an appraisal to be obtained and reviewed annually at year end. A quarterly
collateral evaluation is performed which may include a site visit, property pictures and discussions with realtors and other similar
business professionals to ascertain current values. For impaired loans less than $250,000 upon classification and annually at year
end, the Bank completes a Certificate of Inspection, which includes an onsite inspection, insured values, tax assessed values,
recent sales comparisons and a review of the previous evaluations. These assets are included as Level 3 fair values, based upon
the lowest level that is significant to the fair value measurements. The fair value consists of the impaired loan balances less
the valuation allowance and/or charge-offs. There were no transfers between valuation levels in 2016 and 2015. 

Nonfinancial Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring
Basis  

At September 30, 2016, foreclosed assets
held for resale measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and the valuation methods used are as follows: 

At December 31, 2015, there were no nonfinancial assets
measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 

The Bank s foreclosed asset valuation
procedure requires an appraisal, which considers the sales prices of similar properties in the proximate vicinity, to be completed
periodically with the exception of those cases which the Bank has obtained a sales agreement. These assets are included as Level
3 fair values, based upon the lowest level that is significant to the fair value measurements. There were no transfers between
valuation levels in 2016 and 2015. 

29   

The following table presents additional
quantitative information about assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis that are collateral dependent and for which
the Bank has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine the fair value: 

1 Fair value is generally determined
through independent appraisals of the underlying collateral, as defined by Bank regulators. 

  2 Appraisals may be adjusted downward by management
for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses. The typical range of appraisal adjustments
are presented as a percent of the appraisal value. 

  3 Includes qualitative adjustments by management and
estimated liquidation expenses. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

30   

The following information should not be
interpreted as an estimate of the fair value of the entire Corporation since a fair value calculation is only provided for a limited
portion of the Corporation s assets and liabilities. Due to a wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity
used in making the estimates, comparisons between the Corporation s disclosures and those of other companies may not be meaningful.
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of the Corporation s financial instruments at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Cash and Due From Banks, Interest-Bearing Deposits
in Other Banks, Time Deposits with Other Banks, Restricted Investment in Bank Stocks, Accrued Interest Receivable and Accrued Interest
Payable  

The fair values are equal to the
current carrying values. 

Investment Securities  

The fair values of investment
securities are determined by obtaining quoted market prices on nationally recognized securities exchanges (Level 1) or matrix pricing
(Level 2), which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities without relying on the securities 
relationship to other benchmark quoted prices. 

Loans  

Fair values are estimated for
categories of loans with similar financial characteristics. Loans were segregated by type such as Commercial and Industrial, Commercial
and Residential Real Estate mortgages and Consumer. For estimation purposes, each loan category was further segmented into fixed
and adjustable rate interest terms. 

The fair value of each category
of performing loans is calculated by discounting future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made
to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. 

Fair value for impaired loans
is based on management s estimate of future cash flows discounted using a rate commensurate with the risk associated with
the estimated future cash flows or based on the value of the collateral if repayment is expected solely from collateral. The assumptions
used by management are judgmentally determined using information regarding each specific borrower. 

Mortgage Servicing Rights  

Servicing rights are carried at
cost. The carrying amount approximates fair value. 

31   

Deposits  

The fair value of deposits with
no stated maturity, such as demand deposits, savings accounts and money market accounts, is equal to the amount payable on demand
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Fair values for fixed-rate certificates
of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on similar
term borrowings, to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits. 

Short-Term and Long-Term Borrowings  

The fair values of short-term
borrowings are equal to the current carrying values, and long-term borrowings are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses
based on the Corporation s incremental borrowing rate for similar instruments. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments  

The fair values for the Corporation s
off-balance sheet financial instruments (lending commitments and letters of credit) are based on fees currently charged in the
market to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties 
credit standing. 

NOTE 9     EARNINGS PER SHARE  

Basic earnings per share ( EPS )
is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS reflects
the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into
common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the Corporation. Potential common
shares that may be issued by the Corporation relate solely to outstanding stock options and are determined using the treasury stock
method. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share. 

32   

Item 2.  First Keystone Corporation Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation   

This quarterly report contains certain forward-looking
statements, which are included pursuant to the  safeharbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995, and reflect management s beliefs and expectations based on information currently available. These forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including changes in general economic and financial market
conditions, the Corporation s ability to effectively carry out its business plans and changes in regulatory or legislative
requirements. Other factors that could cause or contribute to such differences are changes in competitive conditions, and pending
or threatened litigation. Although management believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable,
actual results may differ materially. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

The Corporation has chosen accounting policies
that it believes are appropriate to accurately and fairly report its operating results and financial position, and the Corporation
applies those accounting policies in a consistent manner. The Significant Accounting Policies are summarized in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements included in the 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. There have been no changes to the Critical Accounting Estimates
since the Corporation filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to quarter ended
September 30, 2015   

First Keystone Corporation realized earnings
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 of $2,144,000, a decrease of $341,000, or 13.7% from the third quarter of 2015. The
decrease in net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to a decrease in net investment securities
gains. 

On a per share basis, net income was $0.38
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $0.44 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Cash dividends amounted
to $0.27 per share for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

NET INTEREST INCOME 

The major source of operating income for the
Corporation is net interest income, defined as interest income less interest expense. For the three months ended September 30,
2016, interest income amounted to $7,926,000, an increase of $41,000 or 0.5% from the three months ended September 30, 2015, while
interest expense amounted to $1,309,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $55,000, or 4.4% from the
three months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, net interest income decreased $14,000 or 0.2% to $6,617,000 from $6,631,000
for the same period in 2015. 

The Corporation s net interest margin
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was 3.19% compared to 3.24% for the same period in 2015. The decrease in net interest
margin was a result of the unprecedented continuing low interest rate environment. 

PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES  

The provision for loan losses for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $1,133,000 and $753,000, respectively. The increase in the provision
for loan losses resulted from the Corporation s analysis of the current loan portfolio, including historic losses, past-due
trends, current economic conditions, and other relevant factors. Net charge-offs for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 were $1,352,000 and $119,000, respectively. See Allowance for Loan Losses on page 39 for further discussion. 

33   

NON-INTEREST INCOME 

Total non-interest income was $2,158,000 for
the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $2,432,000 for the same period in 2015, a decrease of $274,000, or 11.3%. 

Trust department income amounted to $208,000,
a decrease of $8,000 or 3.7% from the prior year. ATM fees and debit card income increased $13,000 or 4.2% to $323,000 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016. Gains on sales of mortgage loans decreased $10,000 or 9.0% due to a decrease in loans originated
with the intent to sell and volume of loans sold. Other non-interest income decreased $84,000 or 69.4% due primarily to a decrease
in retail investment income. 

Net gains on sales of investment securities
decreased $641,000 to $395,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30,
2015. The Bank has taken gains and losses in the portfolio while improving the overall credit of the portfolio, reducing market
risk, and protecting the portfolio from further changes in value in the face of changes in interest rates. 

During the third quarter of 2016, the Corporation
received $458,000 in tax-free claims income from life insurance proceeds as the result of a death benefit paid on a life insurance
policy covering one of its former employees that remained an insured person by the Corporation s bank-owned life insurance
program following her separation of employment. 

Excluding net investment securities gains,
gains on sales of mortgage loans and gains from life insurance proceeds, non-interest income was $1,204,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $81,000 from the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 

Total non-interest expense was $5,078,000 for
the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $5,232,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Non-interest
expense decreased $154,000 or 2.9%. 

Expenses associated with employees (salaries
and employee benefits) continue to be the largest category of non-interest expense. Salaries and benefits amounted to $2,606,000
or 51.3% of total non-interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $2,741,000 or 52.4% for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. Continued reductions in salaries and employee benefits expenses were achieved through changes
implemented in staffing levels throughout the organization. Net occupancy, furniture and equipment, and computer expense amounted
to $901,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $22,000 or 2.5%. FDIC insurance expense decreased $52,000
or 38.0% as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to changes in assessment methodologies implemented by the
FDIC during the third quarter of 2016. FDIC insurance expense varies with changes in net asset size, risk ratings, and FDIC derived
assessment rates. Data processing expenses increased $38,000 or 34.2% to $149,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016.
The increase was related to the processing of tax returns for the Bank s financial services customers, plus normal fluctuations
in outsourcing fees for the Bank s core processing system. Foreclosed assets held for resale expense increased $80,000 due
to the write down of two properties combined with costs associated with the maintenance and sales of ten properties in 2016 versus
six properties in 2015. Advertising expense decreased $54,000 or 36.7% due to lower media advertising expenses. Other non-interest
expense amounted to $642,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $73,000 or 10.2% as compared to the three
months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to lower data communications costs, which decreased $51,000 as
a result of network upgrades. 

INCOME TAXES 

Income tax expense amounted to $420,000 for
the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $593,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of
$173,000. The effective total income tax rate was 16.4% for the third quarter of 2016 as compared to 19.3% for the third quarter
of 2015. The decrease in the effective tax rate was due to a net increase in tax-exempt income from investments in and loans to
state and local units of government, tax-free claims income from life insurance proceeds as the result of a death benefit paid
for a former employee, and a decrease in net gains on sales of investment securities. 

34   

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to nine months
ended September 30, 2015   

First Keystone Corporation realized earnings
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $6,811,000, a decrease of $553,000, or 7.5% from the same period in 2015. The decrease
in net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to a decrease in net investment securities gains. 

On a per share basis, for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, net income was $1.21 versus $1.32 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Cash dividends amounted to
$0.81 per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

NET INTEREST INCOME 

The major source of operating income for the
Corporation is net interest income, defined as interest income less interest expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
interest income amounted to $23,827,000, an increase of $176,000 or 0.7% from the first nine months of 2015, while interest expense
amounted to $3,904,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $229,000, or 6.2% from the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. As a result, net interest income decreased $53,000 or 0.3% to $19,923,000 from $19,976,000 for the same period
in 2015. 

The Corporation s net interest margin
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 3.18% compared to 3.27% for the same period in 2015. The decrease in net interest
margin was a result of the unprecedented continuing low interest rate environment. 

PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES  

The provision for loan losses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $1,700,000 and $1,178,000, respectively. The increase in the provision for
loan losses resulted from the Corporation s analysis of the current loan portfolio, including historic losses, past-due trends,
current economic conditions, and other relevant factors. Net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
were $1,439,000 and $334,000, respectively. See Allowance for Loan Losses on page 39 for further discussion. 

NON-INTEREST INCOME 

Total non-interest income was $5,124,000 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $6,282,000 for the same period in 2015, a decrease of $1,158,000, or 18.4%. 

Trust department income amounted to $638,000,
a decrease of $32,000 or 4.8% from the prior year. ATM fees and debit card income increased by $63,000 or 7.0% to $966,000 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Gains on sales of mortgage loans decreased $167,000 or 39.3% due to a decrease in loans
originated with the intent to sell and the volume of loans sold. Other non-interest income decreased $189,000 or 50.0% due to a
$187,000 decrease in retail investment income. 

Net gains on sales of investment securities
decreased $1,342,000 to $789,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The Bank has taken gains and losses in the portfolio while improving the overall credit of the portfolio, reducing market
risk, and protecting the portfolio from further changes in value in the face of changes in interest rates. 

During the third quarter of 2016, the Corporation
received $458,000 in tax-free claims income from life insurance proceeds as the result of a death benefit paid on a life insurance
policy covering one of its former employees that remained an insured person by the Corporation s bank-owned life insurance
program following her separation of employment.  

Excluding net investment securities gains,
gains on sales of mortgage loans and gains from life insurance proceeds, non-interest income was $3,619,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $107,000 from the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

35   

NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 

Total non-interest expense was $15,232,000 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $15,911,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Non-interest
expense decreased $679,000 or 4.3%. 

Expenses associated with employees (salaries
and employee benefits) continue to be the largest category of non-interest expense. Salaries and benefits amounted to $7,979,000
or 52.4% of total non-interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $8,432,000 or 53.0% for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. Continued reductions in salaries and employee benefits expenses were achieved through changes
implemented in staffing levels throughout the organization. Net occupancy, furniture and equipment, and computer expense amounted
to $2,415,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $12,000 or 0.5%. The decrease was due to lower maintenance
and utilities costs. FDIC insurance expense increased $12,000 or 3.1% as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
FDIC insurance expense varies with changes in net asset size, risk ratings, and FDIC derived assessment rates. Data processing
expenses decreased $35,000 or 7.7% to $417,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. In 2015, the Bank, realized expenses
related to the conversion to an outsourced data processing system for item processing and check image solutions, plus normal outsourcing
fees for the Bank s core processing system. Foreclosed assets held for resale expense increased $143,000 due to costs associated
with the maintenance and sales of eleven properties in 2016 versus eight properties in 2015. Advertising expense decreased $71,000
or 21.7% due to lower media advertising expenses. Other non-interest expense amounted to $2,064,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, a decrease of $293,000 or 12.4% as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was due to fewer
charitable donations, lower data communications expenses, a decrease in the provision for unfunded commitments, and the completion
of amortization of the core deposit intangible associated with the acquisition of Pocono Community Bank in November 2007. The core
deposit intangible was fully amortized effective June 2015. 

INCOME TAXES 

Income tax expense amounted to $1,304,000 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $1,805,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of
$501,000. The effective total income tax rate was 16.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 19.7% for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in the effective tax rate was due to a net increase in tax-exempt income from
investments in and loans to state and local units of government, tax-free claims income from life insurance proceeds as the result
of a death benefit paid for a former employee, and a decrease in net gains on sales of investment securities. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION  

SUMMARY  

Total assets decreased to $967,893,000 as of
September 30, 2016, a decrease of $15,596,000 from year-end 2015. Total assets as of December 31, 2015 amounted to $983,489,000. 

Total loans decreased $2,599,000 or 0.5%. The
decrease was the result of reduced demand for borrowing by businesses combined with payoffs of large tax-free Commercial and Industrial
loans. 

Total deposits increased $29,271,000 or 4.1%
to $749,869,000 as of September 30, 2016. 

The Corporation s strong equity capital
position provides an opportunity to further leverage its asset growth. Total borrowings decreased in the first nine months of 2016
by $55,981,000 to $94,790,000 from $150,771,000 as of December 31, 2015. Borrowings decreased due to increased deposit balances
and increased cash provided by investment activity. 

Total stockholders  equity increased to
$116,402,000 at September 30, 2016, an increase of $7,964,000 or 7.3% from December 31, 2015. 

SEGMENT REPORTING 

Currently, management measures the performance
and allocates the resources of the Corporation as a single segment. 

36   

EARNING ASSETS  

Earning assets are defined as those assets that
produce interest income. By maintaining a healthy asset utilization rate, i.e., the volume of earning assets as a percentage of
total assets, the Corporation maximizes income. The earning asset ratio (average interest earning assets divided by average total
assets) equaled 92.4% at September 30, 2016, compared to 92.3% at September 30, 2015. This indicates that the management of earning
assets is a priority and non-earning assets, primarily cash and due from banks, fixed assets and other assets, are maintained at
minimal levels. The primary earning assets are loans and investment securities. 

Our primary earning asset, total loans, decreased
to $514,011,000 as of September 30, 2016, down $2,599,000, or 0.5% since year-end 2015. The loan portfolio continues to be well
diversified. Non-performing assets decreased since year-end 2015, and overall asset quality has remained consistent. Total non-performing
assets were $4,153,000 as of September 30, 2016, a decrease of $233,000, or 5.3% from $4,386,000 reported in non-performing assets
as of December 31, 2015. Total allowance for loan losses to total non-performing assets was 168.6% as of September 30, 2016 and
153.6% at December 31, 2015. 

In addition to loans, another primary earning
asset is our overall investment portfolio, which decreased in size from December 31, 2015, to September 30, 2016. Available-for-sale
securities amounted to $359,945,000 as of September 30, 2016, a decrease of $25,296,000 from year-end 2015 due to initiatives undertaken
to improve the credit standing of the Bank s investment portfolio. 

Interest-bearing deposits in other banks increased
as of September 30, 2016, to $13,972,000 from $1,534,000 at year-end 2015. The increase was the result of an excess cash position
at September 30, 2016. Time deposits with other banks were $1,482,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

LOANS  

Total loans decreased to $514,011,000 as of
September 30, 2016 as compared to $516,610,000 as of December 31, 2015. The table on page 18 provides data relating to the composition
of the Corporation s loan portfolio on the dates indicated. Total loans decreased by $2,599,000 or 0.5%. 

Reduced demand for borrowing by businesses combined
with payoffs of large tax-free Commercial and Industrial loans accounted for the 0.5% decrease in the loan portfolio from December
31, 2015 to September 30, 2016. The Commercial and Industrial portfolio decreased $4,746,000 to $80,328,000 as of September 30,
2016 as compared to $85,074,000 at December 31, 2015. The decrease in the Commercial and Industrial portfolio segment (which includes
tax-free Commercial and Industrial loans) was attributed to new loan originations of $18,404,000 offset by loan payoffs of $19,432,000,
as well as regular principal payments. The large balance of Commercial and Industrial payoffs primarily consisted of the payoff
of six large tax-free Commercial and Industrial loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaling $16,140,000 combined
with normal portfolio fluctuations. The Commercial Real Estate portfolio (which includes tax-free Commercial Real Estate loans)
decreased $256,000 to $258,762,000 at September 30, 2016 as compared to $259,018,000 at December 31, 2015. The small decrease was
the result of slowed loan originations that failed to exceed regular scheduled principal payments and payoffs. Residential Real
Estate loans increased $1,918,000 to $168,546,000 at September 30, 2016 as compared to $166,628,000 at December 31, 2015. The increase
was the result of new loan originations totaling $21,251,000 offset by loan payoffs of $9,488,000, net loans sold of $1,654,000,
and regular principal payments. Net loans sold in the Residential Real Estate portfolio for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 consisted of total loans sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $6,830,000 offset with loans opened and sold
in the same quarter during any quarter of 2016 which amounted to $5,176,000. The Corporation continues to originate and sell certain
long-term fixed rate residential mortgage loans which conform to secondary market requirements. The Corporation derives ongoing
income from the servicing of mortgages sold in the secondary market. The Corporation continues its efforts to lend to creditworthy
borrowers despite the continued slow economic conditions. 

Management believes that the loan portfolio
is well diversified. The total commercial portfolio was $339,090,000 at September 30, 2016. Of total loans, $258,792,000 or 50.3%
were secured by commercial real estate, primarily lessors of residential buildings and dwellings and lessors of non-residential
buildings. The Corporation continues to monitor these portfolios. 

37   

The largest relationship is comprised of various
real estate entities with a mutual owner who began real estate investment and development activities in 1989. The relationship
had outstanding loan balances and unused commitments of $15,448,000 at September 30, 2016. The individual owns a diverse mix of
real estate entities which specialize in construction/development projects, leasing of commercial office space, and rental of multi-tenant
residential units. This relationship is comprised of $14,348,000 in term debt and two lines of credit totaling $1,100,000. The
relationship is well secured by first lien mortgages on income producing commercial and residential real estate, plus assignments
of governmental leases and collateral pledge of cash accounts and marketable securities. 

The second largest relationship is comprised
of multiple first and second lien mortgages relating to the purchase and improvements of several existing hotels. The principal
and related owners/guarantors have extensive experience in the hotel industry, owning and operating hotels in various states for
over twenty-five years. At September 30, 2016, the relationship had outstanding loan balances and unused commitments of $10,115,000.
The debt is comprised of $9,811,000 in term debt, a $249,000 construction mortgage, and two lines of credit totaling $55,000. The
loans are secured by commercial real estate and business assets. 

The third largest relationship consists of a
municipality founded in 1816 consisting of 35 square miles. The township completed a major expansion of its central sewage system
in late 2012 due to increasing population growth among residential users and the addition of a large volume of business users,
including pharmaceutical companies and recreational waterparks. The expansion was funded by grants, bond issues, and bank debt.
At September 30, 2016, the relationship had outstanding balances of $8,474,000, which consisted entirely of term debt. The loans
are secured by project receivables and the full faith, credit, and taxing power of the township. 

The fourth largest relationship consists of
a real estate development/holding company that was established in 2006 to construct a multi-tenant medical complex, as well as
the medical-related entities that operate out of the complex. The relationship had outstanding loan balances and unused commitments
of $8,353,000 at September 30, 2016. The debt is comprised of $7,636,000 in term debt, $450,000 in lines of credit, and $267,000
in available credit on a real estate term loan. The relationship is secured by commercial real estate and business assets, as well
as the assignment of leases and a life insurance policy. 

The fifth largest relationship consists of a
hotel management company that has been in operation since 1987 and successfully owns and operates seven hotels. At September 30,
2016, the relationship had outstanding balances totaling $8,332,000, which consisted entirely of term debt. The relationship is
secured by commercial real estate and business assets, as well as the assignment of leases and a life insurance policy. 

Each of the five relationships
is located within the Corporation s market area. 

All of the above mentioned loans are performing
as agreed and all are graded pass. The property securing each of the loans was appraised at the time the loan was originated. Appraisals
are ordered independently of the lending function from independent appraisers on an approved list. All appraisals are reviewed
internally for conformity with accepted standards of the Bank. 

Overall, the portfolio risk profile as measured
by loan grade is considered low risk, as $485,166,000 or 94.5% of gross loans are graded Pass; $12,482,000 or 2.4% are graded Special
Mention; $15,699,000 or 3.1% are graded Substandard; and $0 are graded Doubtful. The rating is intended to represent the best assessment
of risk available at a given point in time, based upon a review of the borrower s financial statements, credit analysis,
payment history with the Bank, credit history and lender knowledge of the borrower. See Note 4   Loans and Allowance for
Loan Losses for risk grading tables. 

Overall, non-pass grades increased to $28,181,000
at September 30, 2016, as compared to $23,264,000 at December 31, 2015. Commercial and Industrial non-pass grades increased to
$5,731,000 as of September 30, 2016 as compared to $4,194,000 as of December 31, 2015. Commercial Real Estate non-pass grades increased
to $19,796,000 as of September 30, 2016 as compared to $16,128,000 as of December 31, 2015. The Residential Real Estate and Consumer
loan non-pass grades decreased to $2,654,000 as of September 30, 2016 as compared to $2,942,000 as of December 31, 2015. 

38   

The increase in Commercial and Industrial non-pass
grade loans was mainly the result of the downgrade of eight loans totaling $1,727,000 (combined with typical payment amortization
and other normal fluctuations in the Commercial and Industrial non-pass grade portfolio). Three loans totaling $818,000 were to
a manufacturing company that produces parts for various industries. The loans were downgraded to Special Mention during the third
quarter of 2016 due to the borrower s decreased revenues. One loan totaling $467,000 was to the owner of a recreation facility.
The loan was downgraded to Substandard during the third quarter of 2016 due to the borrower s decreased revenues which resulted
from reduced snowfall totals and higher than average temperatures during the 2016 winter season, as well as limited liquidity.
Four loans totaling $442,000 were to a contractor specializing in concrete projects. The loans were downgraded to Special Mention
during the second quarter of 2016 due to slow payment performance resulting from the borrower s slower accounts receivable
turnover and limited liquidity. 

The $3,668,000 increase in Commercial
Real Estate non-pass grade loans was primarily the result of downgrades, charge-offs, and payoffs associated with ten loans,
as well as typical payment amortization and other normal fluctuations in the Commercial Real estate non-pass grade portfolio.
A charge-off of $943,000 was completed on a Substandard loan to a student housing holding company during the third quarter of
2016 due to uncertainty regarding the collectability of principal and interest based on the borrower s failure to
achieve stabilization and meet projected occupancy rates. As the underlying value of the collateral was not sufficient to
cover the loan balance, the loan was charged down to the estimated value of the supporting collateral less costs to sell.
Activity associated with three loans to a nursing home facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased the
Commercial Real Estate non-pass grade portfolio by $2,812,000. Two loans totaling $350,000 were paid off and one loan in the
amount of $2,462,000 was returned to pass-grade status due to increased gross revenues and profitability and resultant
improvement in the borrower s debt service coverage ability. A loan in the amount of $748,000 to a commercial real
estate developer was downgraded to Special Mention during the third quarter of 2016 because project-related cash flows had
not materialized due to lack of a signed sales agreements. A loan in the amount of $3,630,000 to the owner of a recreation
facility was downgraded to Substandard during the third quarter of 2016 due to the borrower s decreased revenues which
resulted from reduced snowfall totals and higher than average temperatures during the 2016 winter season, as well as limited
liquidity. A loan in the amount of $1,936,000 to a developer of a residential sub-division was downgraded to Special Mention
during the third quarter of 2016, as the weak real estate market has hampered sales in a related entity s planned
residential housing development, which has adversely impacted the individual s debt service capability. Three loans
totaling $1,186,000 were associated with a non-profit community recreation facility. The loans were downgraded to Substandard
during the third quarter of 2016, as the borrower experienced changes in the timing and magnitude of funding streams, which
include grants and public donations. 

The Corporation continues to internally underwrite
each of its loans to comply with prescribed policies and approval levels established by its Board of Directors. 

Total Loans  

ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 

The allowance for loan losses constitutes the
amount available to absorb losses within the loan portfolio. As of September 30, 2016, the allowance for loan losses was $7,000,000
as compared to $6,739,000 as of December 31, 2015. The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses
charged to expenses. Loans are charged against the allowance for possible loan losses when management believes that the collectability
of the principal is unlikely. The risk characteristics of the loan portfolio are managed through various control processes, including
credit evaluations of individual borrowers, periodic reviews, and diversification by industry. Risk is further mitigated through
the application of lending procedures such as the holding of adequate collateral and the establishment of contractual guarantees. 

39   

Management performs a quarterly analysis to
determine the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. The methodology in determining adequacy incorporates specific and general
allocations together with a risk/loss analysis on various segments of the portfolio according to an internal loan review process.
This assessment results in an allocated allowance. Management maintains its loan review and loan classification standards consistent
with those of its regulatory supervisory authority. 

Management considers, based upon its methodology,
that the allowance for loan losses is adequate to cover foreseeable future losses. However, there can be no assurance that the
allowance for loan losses will be adequate to cover significant losses, if any, that might be incurred in the future. 

The Analysis of Allowance for Loan Losses table
contains an analysis of the allowance for loan losses indicating charge-offs and recoveries for the nine month periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. For the first nine months of 2016, net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans was 0.28% as compared to
0.07% for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. Net charge-offs amounted to $1,439,000 for the first nine months of 2016
as compared to $334,000 for the first nine months of 2015. The increase in net charge-offs in the first nine months of 2016 as
compared to the first nine months of 2015 related primarily to a charge-off in the amount of $943,000 on a Commercial Real Estate
loan to a student housing holding company. The loan was downgraded to substandard status and modified as a TDR during the first
quarter of 2015 due to uncertainty regarding the collectability of principal and interest based on the borrower s failure
to achieve stabilization and meet projected occupancy rates that was attributed to the overall economic decline in students 
disposable income and an increase in enrollment in online courses. The charge-off was completed during the third quarter of 2016
because the underlying value of the collateral supporting the loan was not sufficient to cover the loan balance. At that time,
the loan was charged down to the estimated value of the supporting collateral less costs to sell. 

For the first nine months of 2016, the provision
for loan losses was $1,700,000 as compared to $1,178,000 for the first nine months of 2015. The provision, net of charge-offs and
recoveries, increased the quarter end Allowance for Loan Losses to $7,000,000 of which 11.2% was attributed to the Commercial and
Industrial component; 61.0% attributed to the Commercial Real Estate component; 24.5% attributed to the Residential Real Estate
component (primarily residential mortgages); 1.4% attributed to the Consumer component; and 1.9% being the unallocated component
(refer to the activity in Note 4   Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses on page 13). The Corporation determined that the provision
for loan losses made during the current quarter was sufficient to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level necessary for
the probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016. 

Analysis of Allowance for Loan Losses   

40   

It is the policy of management and the Corporation s
Board of Directors to make a provision for both identified and unidentified losses inherent in its loan portfolio. A provision
for loan losses is charged to operations based upon an evaluation of the potential losses in the loan portfolio. This evaluation
takes into account such factors as portfolio concentrations, delinquency trends, trends of non-accrual and classified loans, economic
conditions, and other relevant factors. 

The loan review process, which is conducted
quarterly, is an integral part of the Bank s evaluation of the loan portfolio. A detailed quarterly analysis to determine
the adequacy of the Corporation s allowance for loan losses is reviewed by the Board of Directors. 

With the Bank s manageable level of net
charge-offs and the additions to the reserve from the provision out of operations, the allowance for loan losses as a percentage
of average loans amounted to 1.35% at September 30, 2016 and 1.43% at September 30, 2015. 

NON-PERFORMING ASSETS 

The table on page 43 details the Corporation s
non-performing assets and impaired loans as of the dates indicated. Generally, a loan is classified as non-accrual and the accrual
of interest on such a loan is discontinued when the contractual payment of principal or interest has become 90 days past due or
management has serious doubts about further collectability of principal or interest, even though the loan currently is performing.
A loan may remain on accrual status if it is in the process of collection and is either guaranteed or well secured. When a loan
is placed on non-accrual status, unpaid interest credited to income in the current year is reversed and unpaid interest accrued
in prior years is charged against current period income. A modification of a loan constitutes a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR )
when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the modification constitutes a concession that the Corporation would not
otherwise consider. Modifications to loans classified as TDRs generally include reductions in contractual interest rates, principal
deferments and extensions of maturity dates at a stated interest rate lower than the current market for a new loan with similar
risk characteristics. While unusual, there may be instances of loan principal forgiveness. Foreclosed assets held for resale represent
property acquired through foreclosure, or considered to be an in-substance foreclosure. 

Total non-performing assets amounted to $4,153,000
as of September 30, 2016 as compared to $4,386,000 as of December 31, 2015. The economy, in particular, high unemployment/labor
underutilization rate, weak job markets, unsettled fuel prices and energy costs, and the continued slowness in the housing industry
had a direct effect on the Corporation s non-performing assets. The Corporation is closely monitoring its Commercial Real
Estate portfolio because of the current economic environment. In particular, vacancy rates are rising, while property values in
some markets have fallen. Non-accrual loans totaled $2,781,000 as of September 30, 2016 as compared to $2,748,000 as of December
31, 2015. Foreclosed assets held for resale amounted to $1,330,000 at September 30, 2016 as compared to $1,472,000 at December
31, 2015. Loans past-due 90 days or more and still accruing interest amounted to $42,000 as of September 30, 2016 as compared to
$166,000 as of December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, loans past-due 90 days and still accruing interest consisted of one Commercial
Real Estate loan and one Residential Real Estate loan. The Commercial Real Estate loan is well collateralized and in the process
of collection. The borrower of the Residential Real Estate loan has filed bankruptcy, and loan payments are currently being held
by a trustee until the bankruptcy plan has been finalized; upon finalization, the payments will be forwarded to the Bank, and the
loan will be brought to paid-current status. 

Non-performing assets to total loans was 0.8%
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Non-performing assets to total assets was 0.4% at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. The allowance for loan losses to total non-performing assets was 168.6% as of September 30, 2016 as compared to 153.6%
as of December 31, 2015. Additional detail can be found on page 43 in the Non-Performing Assets and Impaired Loans table and page
24 in the Loans Receivable on Non-Accrual Status table. Asset quality is a priority and the Corporation retains a full-time loan
review officer to closely track and monitor overall loan quality, along with a full-time workout specialist to manage collection
and liquidation efforts. 

Potential problem loans are defined as performing
substandard loans which are not deemed to be impaired. These loans have characteristics that cause management to have doubts regarding
the ability of the borrower to perform under present loan repayment terms and which may result in reporting these loans as non-performing
loans in the future. Potential problem loans amounted to $5,025,000 at September 30, 2016, compared to $2,280,000 at December 31,
2015. The significant increase in potential problem loans at September 30, 2016 as compared to December 31, 2015 is largely due
to a loan in the amount of $3,630,000 to the owner of a recreation facility that was downgraded to substandard status during the
third quarter of 2016 due to the borrower s decreased revenues which resulted from reduced snowfall totals and higher than
average temperatures during the 2016 winter season, as well as limited liquidity. As of September 30, 2016, the loan was performing
and not considered to be impaired. 

41   

Impaired loans were $14,268,000 at September
30, 2016 and $13,367,000 at December 31, 2015. The largest impaired loan relationship at September 30, 2016 consisted of a substandard
performing loan to a developer of a residential sub-division in the amount of $3,217,000, which was secured by commercial real
estate. The contract was extended and the loan was modified as a TDR during the fourth quarter of 2015 because expected sales of
building lots have not materialized due to the weak real estate market. The discounted cash flow evaluation at September 30, 2016
resulted in a specific allocation of $0. The second largest impaired loan relationship at September 30, 2016 consisted of one performing
loan to a student housing holding company in the amount of $3,181,000, which was secured by commercial real estate. The loan was
downgraded to substandard status and modified as a TDR during the first quarter of 2015 due to the borrower s failure to
achieve stabilization and meet projected occupancy rates that was attributed to the overall economic decline in students 
disposable income and an increase in enrollment in online courses. A charge-off in the amount of $943,000 was completed in relation
to this loan during the three months ended September 30, 2016, as the underlying value of the collateral was not sufficient to
support the loan balance. At that time, the loan was charged down to the estimated value of the supporting collateral less costs
to sell. The third largest impaired loan relationship at September 30, 2016 consisted of two performing loans associated with a
non-profit community recreation facility totaling $1,160,000, both secured by commercial real estate. One loan in the amount of
$50,000 was granted a contract extension and modified as a TDR during the second quarter of 2016 and one loan in the amount of
$1,110,000 was granted a payment extension and modified as a TDR during the third quarter of 2016. Both modifications were executed
to address changes in the timing and magnitude of the organization s funding streams, which include grants and public donations.
Both loans were downgraded to substandard status during the third quarter of 2016. The discounted cash flow evaluations at September
30, 2016 resulted in specific allocations of $0. 

The Corporation estimates impairment based on
its analysis of the cash flows or collateral estimated at fair value less cost to sell. For collateral dependent loans, the estimated
appraisal adjustments and cost to sell percentages are determined based on the market area in which the real estate securing the
loan is located, among other factors, and therefore, can differ from one loan to another. Of the $14,268,000 in impaired loans
at September 30, 2016, none were located outside the Corporation s primary market area. 

The recorded investment of loans categorized
as TDRs was $11,759,000 as of September 30, 2016 as compared to $11,096,000 as of December 31, 2015. The increase in TDRs at September
30, 2016 as compared to December 31, 2015 is attributable to deterioration in the respective borrowers  financial position
and in some cases a declining collateral value, along with the Bank s proactive monitoring of the loan portfolio. Of the
thirty-one restructured loans at September 30, 2016, seven loans are classified in the Commercial and Industrial portfolio and
twenty-four loans are classified in the Commercial Real Estate portfolio. The troubled debt restructurings at September 30, 2016
consisted of seventeen term modifications beyond the original stated term, four interest rate modifications, and ten payment modifications.
TDRs are separately identified for impairment disclosures, and if necessary, a specific allocation is established. As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, specific allocations of $0 and $309,000 were attributable to the TDRs. There were $2,000 and $31,000
in unused commitments attributable to TDRs at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016, nine Commercial Real
Estate loans classified as TDRs with a combined recorded investment of $781,000 were not in compliance with the terms of their
restructure, compared to September 30, 2015 when five Commercial Real Estate loans classified as TDRs with a combined recorded
investment of $2,133,000 were not in compliance with the terms of their restructure. The significant decrease in TDRs not in compliance
with the terms of their restructure at September 30, 2016 as compared to September 30, 2015 is largely due to the proper measures
being taken to bring a purchased participation loan in the amount of $1,277,000 to a distributor of recreational vehicles into
compliance with the terms of its restructure. A piece of property related to the loan, valued at $925,000, was moved to foreclosed
assets held for resale at December 31, 2015, and proper measures were taken to bring the remainder of the loan into compliance
with restructure terms by September 30, 2016. 

During the three months ended September 30,
2016, one Commercial and Industrial loan in the amount of $15,000 that was modified as a TDR within the preceding twelve months
had experienced a payment default, as compared to the same period in 2015 when two Commercial Real Estate loans totaling $178,000
that were modified as TDRs within the preceding twelve months had experienced payment defaults. During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, one Commercial and Industrial loan in the amount of $15,000 that was modified as a TDR within the preceding twelve months
had experienced payment defaults, as compared to the same period in 2015 when three Commercial Real Estate loans totaling $4,404,000
that were modified as TDRs within the preceding twelve months had experienced payment defaults. The significant decrease in defaulted
TDRs at September 30, 2016 as compared to September 30, 2015 is largely due to one loan in the amount of $4,226,000 to a student
housing holding company, which was modified as a TDR in the first quarter of 2015 and experienced its subsequent payment default
during the second quarter of 2015. 

42   

The Corporation s non-accrual loan valuation
procedure for any loans greater than $250,000 requires an appraisal to be obtained and reviewed annually at year end. A quarterly
collateral evaluation is performed which may include a site visit, property photos, market data research, and discussions with
realtors and other similar business professionals to ascertain current values. 

For non-accrual loans less than $250,000 upon
classification and typically at year end, the Corporation completes a Certificate of Inspection, which includes the results of
an onsite inspection, insured values, tax assessed values, recent sales comparisons and a review of the previous evaluations. 

Improving loan quality is a priority. The Corporation
actively works with borrowers to resolve credit problems and will continue its close monitoring efforts in 2016. Excluding the
assets disclosed in the Non-Performing Assets and Impaired Loans tables below and the Troubled Debt Restructurings section in Note
4   Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses, management is not aware of any information about borrowers  possible credit
problems which cause serious doubt as to their ability to comply with present loan repayment terms. 

Should the economic climate no longer continue
to be stable or deteriorate further, borrowers may experience difficulty, and the level of impaired loans and non-performing assets,
charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and possibly require additional increases in the Corporation s allowance for loan
losses. 

In addition, regulatory authorities, as an integral
part of their examinations, periodically review the allowance for possible loan losses. They may require additions to allowances
based upon their judgments about information available to them at the time of examination. 

A concentration of credit exists when the total
amount of loans to borrowers, who are engaged in similar activities that are similarly impacted by economic or other conditions,
exceed 10% of total loans. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, management is of the opinion that there were no loan
concentrations exceeding 10% of total loans. 

Real estate mortgages comprise 83.1% of the
loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016, as compared to 82.4% as of December 31, 2015. Real estate mortgages consist of both residential
and commercial real estate loans. The real estate loan portfolio is well diversified in terms of borrowers, collateral, interest
rates, and maturities. Also, the residential real estate loan portfolio is largely comprised of fixed rate mortgages. The real
estate loans are concentrated primarily in the Corporation s market area and are subject to risks associated with the local
economy. The commercial real estate loans typically reprice approximately every three to five years and are also concentrated in
the Corporation s market area. The Corporation s loss exposure on its impaired loans continues to be mitigated by collateral
positions on these loans. The allocated allowance for loan losses associated with impaired loans is generally computed based upon
the related collateral value of the loans. The collateral values are determined by recent appraisals, but are generally discounted
by management based on historical dispositions, changes in market conditions since the last valuation and management s expertise
and knowledge of the borrower and the borrower s business. 

43   

DEPOSITS AND OTHER BORROWED FUNDS 

Consumer and commercial retail deposits are
attracted primarily by the Bank s eighteen full service office locations and through its internet banking presence. The Bank
offers a broad selection of deposit products and continually evaluates its interest rates and fees on deposit products. The Bank
regularly reviews competing financial institutions  interest rates, especially when establishing interest rates on certificates
of deposit. 

Total deposits increased $29,271,000 to $749,869,000
as of September 30, 2016 as non-interest bearing deposits increased by $11,531,000 and interest bearing deposits increased by $17,740,000
from year-end 2015. Total deposits increased due to the deposit of funds by municipal depositors through normal, seasonal generation
of tax revenues. The shift to core deposits and away from time deposits continued in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
Demand deposits and savings accounts increased, while certificates of deposit fell. Total short-term and long-term borrowings decreased
to $94,790,000 as of September 30, 2016, from $150,771,000 at year-end 2015, a decrease of $55,981,000, or 37.1%. Total borrowings
decreased due to increased deposit balances and increased cash provided by investment activity. 

CAPITAL STRENGTH 

Normal increases in capital are generated by
net income, less dividends paid out. During the first nine months of the year, net income less dividends paid increased capital
by $2,249,000. Accumulated other comprehensive income derived from net unrealized gains on investment securities available-for-sale
also impacts capital. At December 31, 2015, accumulated other comprehensive income was $2,035,000. Accumulated other comprehensive
income stood at $6,730,000 at September 30, 2016, an increase of $4,695,000. Fluctuations in interest rates have regularly impacted
the gain/loss position in the Bank s investment portfolio, as well as its decision to sell securities at a gain or loss.
In order to protect the Bank from market risk in the event of further interest rate increases, the Bank chose to sell a portion
of its securities during the first nine months of 2016 at an overall net gain of $789,000. These fluctuations from net unrealized
gains on investment securities available-for-sale do not affect regulatory capital, as the Bank elected to opt-out of this item
with the filing of the March 31, 2015 Call Report. 

The Corporation held 233,112 shares of common
stock as treasury stock at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. This had an effect of reducing our total stockholders 
equity by $5,756,000 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Total stockholders  equity was $116,402,000
as of September 30, 2016, and $108,438,000 as of December 31, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016 the Bank met the definition
of a  well-capitalized  institution under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action and the minimum capital
requirements under Basel III. The following table presents the Bank s capital ratios as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015: 

Under the final capital rules that became effective
on January 1, 2015, there was a requirement for a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets
which is in addition to the other minimum risk-based capital standards in the rule. Institutions that do not maintain this required
capital buffer will become subject to progressively more stringent limitations on the percentage of earnings that can be paid out
in dividends or used for stock repurchases and on the payment of discretionary bonuses to senior executive management. The capital
buffer requirement is being phased in over three years beginning in 2016. The capital buffer requirement effectively raises the
minimum required common equity Tier 1 capital ratio to 7.0%, the Tier 1 capital ratio to 8.5%, and the total capital ratio to 10.5%
on a fully phased-in basis on January 1, 2019. Management believes that, as of September 30, 2016, the Corporation would meet all
capital adequacy requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules on a fully phased-in basis as if all such requirements were currently
in effect. 

44   

LIQUIDITY 

The Corporation s objective is to maintain
adequate liquidity to meet funding needs at a reasonable cost and to provide contingency plans to meet unanticipated funding needs
or a loss of funding sources, while minimizing interest rate risk. Adequate liquidity provides resources for credit needs of borrowers,
for depositor withdrawals and for funding corporate operations. 

Sources of liquidity are as follows: 

Growth in the core deposit base;   

Proceeds from sales or maturities of investment securities;   

Payments received on loans and mortgage-backed securities;   

Overnight correspondent bank borrowings on various credit lines;   

Borrowing capacity available from correspondent banks: FHLB, Atlantic Community Bankers Bank   

and Federal Reserve Bank;   

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase; and   

Brokered CDs.   

At September 30, 2016, the Corporation had $282,905,000
in available borrowing capacity at FHLB (which takes into account FHLB long-term notes and FHLB short-term borrowings); the maximum
borrowing capacity of federal funds purchased at ACBB and the Federal Discount Window were $15,000,000 and $4,862,000, respectively. 

The Corporation enters into  Repurchase
Agreements  in which it agrees to sell securities subject to an obligation to repurchase the same or similar securities.
Because the agreement both entitles and obligates the Corporation to repurchase the assets, the Corporation may transfer legal
control of the securities while still retaining effective control. As a result, the repurchase agreements are accounted for as
collateralized financing agreements (secured borrowings) and act as an additional source of liquidity. Securities sold under agreements
to repurchase were $19,644,000 at September 30, 2016. 

Net cash flows provided by operating activities
were $7,773,000 and $6,744,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net income amounted to $6,811,000
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $7,364,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, originations of mortgage loans originated for resale exceeded proceeds from sales of mortgage
loans originated for resale by $2,506,000. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, proceeds from sales of mortgage loans
originated for resale exceeded originations of mortgage loans originated for resale by $1,486,000. 

Investing activities provided $35,612,000 during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and used $58,433,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net activity in
the available-for-sale securities portfolio (including proceeds from sales, maturities, and redemptions net against purchases)
provided cash of $31,577,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and used cash of $23,136,000 during the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. Net cash provided by net loan payments totaled $3,788,000 during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and net cash used to originate loans totaled $34,623,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Financing activities used $30,288,000 during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and provided $53,722,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net deposits
provided cash of $29,271,000 and $59,975,000 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Short-term borrowings decreased by $60,895,000
and $7,641,000 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

45   

Managing liquidity remains an important segment
of asset/liability management. The overall liquidity position of the Corporation is maintained by an active asset/liability management
committee. The Corporation believes that its core deposits are stable even in periods of changing interest rates. Liquidity and
funds management are governed by policies and are measured on a monthly basis. These measurements indicate that liquidity generally
remains stable and exceeds the Corporation s minimum defined levels of adequacy. Other than seasonal fluctuations, trends
of continued competitive pressures and volatile interest rates, there are no known demands, commitments, events or uncertainties
that will result in, or that are reasonably likely to result in, liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way. 

MARKET RISK  

Market risk is the risk of loss arising from
adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments due to changes in interest rates, exchange rates and equity prices.
The Corporation s market risk is composed primarily of interest rate risk. The Corporation s interest rate risk results
from timing differences in the repricing of assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet instruments, and changes in relationships between
rate indices and the potential exercise of explicit or embedded options. 

Increases in the level of interest rates also
may adversely affect the fair value of the Corporation s securities and other earning assets. Generally, the fair value of
fixed-rate instruments fluctuates inversely with changes in interest rates. As a result, increases in interest rates could result
in decreases in the fair value of the Corporation s interest-earning assets, which could adversely affect the Corporation s
results of operations if sold, or, in the case of interest-earning assets classified as available-for-sale, the Corporation s
stockholders  equity, if retained. Under FASB ASC 320-10,  Investment Debt and Equity Securities , changes in the unrealized
gains and losses, net of taxes, on securities classified as available-for-sale are reflected in the Corporation s stockholders 
equity. The Corporation does not own any trading assets. 

Asset/Liability Management   

The principal objective of asset/liability management
is to manage the sensitivity of the net interest margin to potential movements in interest rates and to enhance profitability through
returns from managed levels of interest rate risk. The Corporation actively manages the interest rate sensitivity of its assets
and liabilities. Several techniques are used for measuring interest rate sensitivity. Interest rate risk arises from the mismatches
in the repricing of assets and liabilities within a given time period, referred to as a rate sensitivity gap. If more assets than
liabilities mature or reprice within the time frame, the Corporation is asset sensitive. This position would contribute positively
to net interest income in a rising rate environment. Conversely, if more liabilities mature or reprice, the Corporation is liability
sensitive. This position would contribute positively to net interest income in a falling rate environment. The Corporation s
cumulative gap at one year indicates the Corporation is liability sensitive at September 30, 2016. 

Earnings at Risk   

The Bank s Asset/Liability Committee ( ALCO )
is responsible for reviewing the interest rate sensitivity position and establishing policies to monitor and limit exposure to
interest rate risk. The guidelines established by ALCO are reviewed by the Corporation s Board of Directors. The Corporation
recognizes that more sophisticated tools exist for measuring the interest rate risk in the balance sheet beyond interest rate sensitivity
gap. Although the Corporation continues to measure its interest rate sensitivity gap, the Corporation utilizes additional modeling
for interest rate risk in the overall balance sheet. Earnings at risk and economic values at risk are analyzed. 

Earnings simulation modeling addresses earnings
at risk and net present value estimation addresses economic value at risk. While each of these interest rate risk measurements
has limitations, taken together they represent a reasonably comprehensive view of the magnitude of interest rate risk in the Corporation. 

Earnings Simulation Modeling   

The Corporation s net income is affected
by changes in the level of interest rates. Net income is also subject to changes in the shape of the yield curve. For example,
a flattening of the yield curve would result in a decline in earnings due to the compression of earning asset yields and increased
liability rates, while a steepening would result in increased earnings as earning asset yields widen. 

46   

Earnings simulation modeling is the primary
mechanism used in assessing the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income. The model reflects management s
assumptions related to asset yields and rates paid on liabilities, deposit sensitivity, size and composition of the balance sheet.
The assumptions are based on what management believes at that time to be the most likely interest rate environment. Earnings at
risk is the change in net interest income from a base case scenario under various scenarios of rate shock increases and decreases
in the interest rate earnings simulation model. 

The table on the bottom of page 47 presents
an analysis of the changes in net interest income and net present value of the balance sheet resulting from various increases or
decreases in the level of interest rates, such as two percentage points (200 basis points) in the level of interest rates. The
calculated estimates of change in net interest income and net present value of the balance sheet are compared to current limits
approved by ALCO and the Board of Directors. The earnings simulation model projects net interest income would decrease 1.3%, 3.1%
and 6.5% in the 100, 200 and 300 basis point increasing rate scenarios presented. In addition, the earnings simulation model projects
net interest income would decrease 3.1% and 9.8% in the 100 and 200 basis point decreasing rate scenarios presented. All of these
forecasts are within the Corporation s one year policy guidelines. 

The analysis and model used to quantify the
sensitivity of net interest income becomes less reliable in a decreasing rate scenario given the current unprecedented low interest
rate environment with federal funds trading in the 25   50 basis point range. Results of the decreasing basis point declining
scenarios are affected by the fact that many of the Corporation s interest-bearing liabilities are at rates below 1% and
therefore cannot decline 100 or more basis points. However, the Corporation s interest-sensitive assets are able to decline
by these amounts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities averaged 0.70%, and the
yield on average interest-earning assets, on a fully taxable equivalent basis, averaged 3.76%. 

Net Present Value Estimation   

The net present value measures economic value
at risk and is used for helping to determine levels of risk at a point in time present in the balance sheet that might not be taken
into account in the earnings simulation model. The net present value of the balance sheet is defined as the discounted present
value of asset cash flows minus the discounted present value of liability cash flows. At September 30, 2016, the 100 and 200 basis
point immediate decreases in rates are estimated to affect tax-adjusted net present value with decreases of 7.0% and 18.0%, respectively.
Additionally, tax-adjusted net present value is projected to increase 2.0% and 1.0% and decrease 0.5% in the 100, 200 and 300 basis
point immediate increase scenarios, respectively. All scenarios presented are within the Corporation s policy limits. 

The computation of the effects of hypothetical
interest rate changes are based on many assumptions. They should not be relied upon solely as being indicative of actual results,
since the computations do not contemplate actions management could undertake in response to changes in interest rates. 

Effect of Change in Interest Rates   

47   

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

Information with respect to quantitative and
qualitative disclosures about market risk is included in the information under Management s Discussion and Analysis in Item
2. 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures   

a)  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. First Keystone Corporation maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in the reports that the Corporation files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based
upon their evaluation of those disclosure controls and procedures performed as of the end of the period covered by this report,
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation concluded that the Corporation s disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016.   

b)  Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There were no changes in the Corporation s internal control over
financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting.   

48   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings   

Although the Corporation is subject to various claims and
legal actions that occur from time to time in the ordinary course of business, the Corporation is not party to any pending legal
proceedings that management believes could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition
or cash flows. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors   

There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A  Risk Factors  in the Corporation s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

None. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not applicable. 

Item 5.  Other Information   

None. 

49   

Item 6.  Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K   

(a) Exhibits required by Item 601 Regulation S-K 

Exhibit Number  
       
      Description of Exhibit   
 
      3i  
       
      Articles of Incorporation, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012).   

3ii  
       
      By-Laws, as amended and restated (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii) to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K dated February 14, 2013).   

10.1(a)  
       
      Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan   J. Gerald Bazewicz (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013).*    

10.1(b)  
       
      Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan   David R. Saracino (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013).*    

10.1(c)  
       
      Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan   Matthew P. Prosseda (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013).*   

10.1(d)  
       
      Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan   Elaine Woodland (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013).*    

10.2  
       
      Management Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013).*    

10.4  
       
      First Keystone Corporation 1998 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006).*   

14  
       
      First Keystone Corporation Directors and Senior Management Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Registrant s Report on Form 8-K dated August 27, 2013).   

31.1  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.**   

31.2  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.**   

32.1  
       
      Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer.**   

32.2  
       
      Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer.**   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document.**   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.**   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.**   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.**   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.**   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.**   

*    Denotes a compensatory plan. 

**    Filed herewith. 

The Corporation will provide a copy of any exhibit upon receipt
of a written request for the particular exhibit or exhibits desired. All requests should be addressed to the Corporation s
principal executive offices. 

50   

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly cause this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION   

Registrant   

November 8, 2016  
      /s/ Matthew P. Prosseda   

Matthew P. Prosseda   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

November 8, 2016  
      /s/ Diane C.A. Rosler   

Diane C.A. Rosler   

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

51   

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit  
       
      Description   
 
      3i  
       
      Articles of Incorporation, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012).   

3ii  
       
      By-Laws, as amended and restated (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii) to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K dated February 14, 2013).   

10.1(a)  
       
      Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan   J. Gerald Bazewicz (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013).*    

10.1(b)  
       
      Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan   David R. Saracino (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013).*    

10.1(c)  
       
      Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan   Matthew P. Prosseda (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013).*   

10.1(d)  
       
      Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan   Elaine Woodland (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013).*    

10.2  
       
      Management Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013).*    

10.4  
       
      First Keystone Corporation 1998 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006).*   

14  
       
      First Keystone Corporation Directors and Senior Management Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Registrant s Report on Form 8-K dated August 27, 2013).   

31.1  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.**   

31.2  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.**   

32.1  
       
      Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer.**   

32.2  
       
      Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer.**   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document.**   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.**   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.**   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.**   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.**   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.**   

*    Denotes a compensatory plan. 

**    Filed herewith. 

The Corporation will provide a copy of any exhibit upon receipt
of a written request for the particular exhibit or exhibits desired. All requests should be addressed to the Corporation s
principal executive offices. 

52   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451003_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Matthew P. Prosseda, certify that: 

1.      I have
reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, of First Keystone Corporation; 

2.      Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.      Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.      The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)    Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)    Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)    Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.      The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Matthew P. Prosseda   

Matthew P. Prosseda   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 8, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451003_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Diane C.A. Rosler, certify that: 

1.      I have
reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, of First Keystone Corporation; 

2.      Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.      Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.      The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)    Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)    Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)    Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.      The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)    All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)    Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

/s/ Diane C.A. Rosler   

Diane C.A. Rosler   

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

Date: November 8, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451003_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of First Keystone Corporation (the  Corporation ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Matthew P. Prosseda, President and Chief
Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Corporation as of and for the period covered by the Report.   

/s/ Matthew P. Prosseda   

Matthew P. Prosseda   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

November 8, 2016 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) and is not being
filed as part of the report or as a separate disclosure document. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to First Keystone Corporation and will be retained by First Keystone Corporation and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451003_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of First Keystone Corporation (the  Corporation ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Diane C.A. Rosler, Chief Financial Officer,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Corporation as of and for the period covered by the Report.   

/s/ Diane C.A. Rosler   

Diane C.A. Rosler   

Senior Vice President and   

Chief Financial Officer   

November 8, 2016 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) and is not being
filed as part of the report or as a separate disclosure document. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to First Keystone Corporation and will be retained by First Keystone Corporation and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fkys-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fkys-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fkys-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fkys-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fkys-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fkys-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

