<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161123_10-K_edgar_data_784539_0001144204-16-136391_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2856724</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105038</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>174211</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>671455</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1219295</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>609488</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>64</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-136391.hdr.sgml : 20161123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161123165134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-136391
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EACO CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000784539
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-ELECTRONIC PARTS & EQUIPMENT, NEC [5065]
		IRS NUMBER:				592597349
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14311
		FILM NUMBER:		162017143

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1500 NORTH LAKEVIEW AVENUE
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92807
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(714) 876-2490

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1500 NORTH LAKEVIEW AVENUE
		CITY:			ANAHEIM,
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92807

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FAMILY STEAK HOUSES OF FLORIDA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-136391.txt : 20161123

10-K
 1
 v453582_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

 Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 10-K   

x 
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from                       
to                        

Commission File No.  000-14311  

EACO CORPORATION   

  (Exact name of Registrant as specified
in its charter)  

1500 North Lakeview Avenue  

  Anaheim, California 92807  

  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  

Registrant's telephone number, including
area code:  (714) 876-2490   

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

  None  

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: 

  Common Stock, $.01 Par Value  

  (Title of Class)  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  YES      NO
 x  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.   YES      NO
 x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.   YES  x   NO     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). YES  x  NO     

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive
proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.       

Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer      
      Non-accelerated filer      
       Smaller reporting company  x     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    YES     NO  x  

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common
stock as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (based upon the closing
sale price of the common stock on that date) held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $150,000. 

As of November 2, 2016, 4,861,590 shares of the registrant s
common stock were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

No documents required to be listed hereunder are incorporated
by reference in this report on Form 10-K. 

Forward-Looking Information  

This report may contain forward-looking statements.  Such
statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as  anticipate,   believe,   could, 
 estimate,   expect,   forecast,   intend,   may,   plan, 
 possible,   project,   should,   will  and similar words or expressions. These
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our anticipated revenue, expenses, profits and
capital needs, and the impact of our planned initiatives. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates
and forecasts of future events and results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially including, among other things, the following: failure of facts to conform to management estimates and assumptions; economic
conditions and uncertainties; competitive pressures; our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial
reporting; potential losses from trading in securities; our ability to retain key personnel and relationships with suppliers; the
willingness of Community Bank or other lenders to extend financing commitments and the availability of capital resources; and other
risks identified from time to time in our reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ),
and in public announcements. It is not possible to foresee or identify all factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated. As such, investors should not consider any of such factors to be an exhaustive statement of all risks or
uncertainties. 

No forward-looking statements can be guaranteed and actual results
may vary materially.  We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement except as required by law, but
investors are advised to consult any further disclosures by us in our filings with the SEC, especially on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and
8-K, in which we discuss in more detail various important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historical
results. 

Page 
No.    

PART I      

ITEM
    1  
       
       Business   
       
      4   
 
      ITEM 1A.  
       
       Risk Factors   
       
     5  
 
      ITEM 1B.  
       
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
       
     10  
 
      ITEM 2.  
       
       Properties   
       
     10  
 
      ITEM 3.  
       
       Legal Proceedings   
       
     10  
 
      ITEM 4.  
       
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
     10  

PART II      

ITEM 5.  
       
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
       
      11   
 
      ITEM 6.  
       
       Selected Financial Data   
       
      11   
 
      ITEM 7.  
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      11   
 
      ITEM 7A.  
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
      15   
 
      ITEM 8.  
       
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
       
      15   
 
      ITEM 9.  
       
       Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
       
      15   
 
      ITEM 9A.  
       
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      15   
 
      ITEM 9B.  
       
       Other Information   
       
      16   

PART III      

ITEM 10.  
       
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
       
      16   
 
      ITEM 11.  
       
       Executive Compensation   
       
      18   
 
      ITEM 12.  
       
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
       
      19   
 
      ITEM 13.  
       
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence   
       
      20   
 
      ITEM 14.  
       
       Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
       
      20   

PART IV     

ITEM 15.  
       
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
       
     21  

PART I  

Item 1.  Business   

EACO Corporation ( EACO ) is a holding company,
primarily comprised of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bisco Industries, Inc. ( Bisco ). Bisco is a distributor of electronic
components and fasteners with 48 sales offices and seven distribution centers located throughout the United States and Canada.
Bisco supplies parts used in the manufacture of products in a broad range of industries, including the aerospace, circuit board,
communication, computer, fabrication, instrumentation, industrial equipment and marine industries. 

EACO was incorporated in Florida in
September 1985. Bisco commenced operations in Illinois in 1973 and was incorporated in 1974. Bisco s principal executive
offices are located at 1500 N. Lakeview Avenue, Anaheim, California 92807, which also serves as the principal executive
offices of EACO. EACO s website address is  www.eacocorp.com  and Bisco s website address is  www.biscoind.com .
The inclusion of these website addresses in this annual report does not include, or incorporate by reference into this annual
report, any information on or accessible through the websites.  

EACO, Bisco and Bisco s wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary,
Bisco Industries Limited, are collectively referred to herein as the  Company ,  we ,  us 
and  our.  

Operations  

Products and Services    

Bisco stocks thousands of items from
hundreds of manufacturers. Bisco s products include electronic components such as spacers and standoffs, card guides and
ejectors, component holders and fuses, circuit board connectors, and cable components, as well as a large variety of fasteners
and hardware. The breadth of Bisco s products and extensive inventory provide a one-stop shopping experience for many customers. 

Bisco also provides customized services
and solutions for a wide range of production needs, including special packaging, bin stocking, kitting and assembly, bar coding,
electronic requisitioning, and integrated supply programs, among others. Bisco works with its customers to design and develop solutions
to meet their specific needs. 

Divisions    

Bisco Industries    

Bisco sells the full spectrum of products
that it offers to many markets, but primarily sells to original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ). While historically,
the substantial majority of Bisco s revenues have been derived from the Bisco Industries division, Bisco has also established
additional divisions that specialize in specific industries and products. Bisco believes that the focus by industry and/or product
enhances Bisco s ability to provide superior service and devise tailored solutions for its customers. 

National-Precision

The National-Precision division primarily
sells electronic hardware and commercial fasteners to OEMs in the aerospace, fabrication and industrial equipment industries. National-Precision
seeks to be the leading global distributor of mil-spec and commercial fasteners, hardware and distribution services used in production. 

Fast-Cor    

The Fast-Cor division was established
to be a distributor s source for a broad range of components and fasteners. Fast-Cor has access to the entire inventory of
products that Bisco offers but primarily focuses on selling to other distributors, not manufacturers. 

Customers and Sales 

Bisco s customers operate in
a wide variety of industries and range from large, global companies to small local businesses. Bisco strives to provide exceptional
service to all customers, including smaller businesses, and continues to focus on growing its share of that market. As of August 31,
2016, Bisco had more than 6,000 active customers; however, no single customer accounted for more than 10% of Bisco s revenues
for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 ( fiscal 2016 ). For each of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016
and 2015, Bisco s top 20 customers represented in the aggregate approximately 14% and 11% of Bisco s distribution sales,
respectively. 

Bisco generally sells its products
through its sales representatives in its 48 sales offices located in the United States and Canada. Customers can also place orders
through Bisco s website. Bisco currently maintains seven distribution centers located in Anaheim and San Jose, California;
Dallas, Texas; Chicago, Illinois; Boston, Massachusetts, Atlanta, Georgia; and Toronto, Canada. Each of Bisco s selling facilities
and distribution centers are linked to Bisco s central computer system, which provides Bisco s salespersons with online,
real-time data regarding inventory levels throughout Bisco and facilitates control of purchasing, shipping and billing. Bisco generally
ships products to customers from one of its seven distribution centers, based on the geographic proximity and the availability
of the ordered products. 

Bisco sells its products primarily
in the United States and Canada. Bisco s international sales represented 8.8% and 8.6% of its sales fiscal years ended August
31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Sales to customers in Canada accounted for approximately 41% and 46% of such international sales
in the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Suppliers 

As of August 31, 2016, Bisco offered
the products from over 260 manufacturers. The authorized distributor agreements with most manufacturers are typically cancelable
by either party at any time or on short notice. While Bisco doesn t manufacture its products, it does provide kitting and
packaging services for certain of its customers. Although Bisco sells more products of certain brands, Bisco believes that most
of the products it sells are available from other sources at competitive prices. No single supplier accounted for more than 10%
of Bisco s purchases in fiscal 2016. 

Employees   

As of August 31, 2016, the Company
had 414 full-time employees.. 278 of these employees were in sales and marketing and 136 were in management, administration
and finance. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors   

Our business is subject to a number of risks, some of which
are discussed below. Other risks are presented elsewhere in this report and in our other filings with the SEC, including our subsequent
reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations
could be seriously harmed. In that event, the market price for shares of our common stock may decline, and you could lose all or
part of your investment.   

Changes and uncertainties in the economy have harmed and
could continue to harm our operating results.   

As a result of the continuing economic uncertainties, our operating
results, and the economic strength of our customers and suppliers, are increasingly difficult to predict. Sales of our products
are affected by many factors, including, among others, general economic conditions, interest rates, inflation, liquidity in the
credit markets, unemployment trends, geopolitical events, and other factors. Although we sell our products to customers in a broad
range of industries, the significant weakening of economic conditions on a global scale has caused some of our customers to experience
a slowdown that has had adverse effects on our sales and operating results. Changes and uncertainties in the economy also increase
the risk of uncollectible accounts receivable. The pricing we receive from suppliers may also be impacted by general economic conditions.
Continued and future changes and uncertainties in the economic climate in the United States and elsewhere could have a similar
negative impact on the rate and amounts of purchases by our current and potential customers, create price inflation for our products,
or otherwise have a negative impact on our expenses, gross margins and revenues, and could hinder our growth. 

We have incurred significant losses in the past from trading
in securities, and we may incur such losses in the future, which may also cause us to be in violation of covenants under our loan
agreement.   

Bisco has historically made investments in marketable domestic
equity securities. Bisco s investment strategy includes taking both long and short positions, as well as utilizing options
to maximize return. This strategy can lead, and has led, to significant losses from time to time based on market conditions and
trends. We may incur losses in future periods from such trading activities, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity
and financial condition. 

In addition, unanticipated losses from our trading activities
may cause Bisco to be in violation of certain covenants under its revolving line of credit agreement with Community Bank. There
was zero balance outstanding as of August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 under its agreement with Community Bank, which loan is secured
by substantially all of Bisco s assets. The agreement contains covenants which require that, on a quarterly basis, Bisco s
losses from trading in securities not exceed its pre-tax operating income. We cannot assure you that unanticipated losses from
our trading activities will not cause us to violate our covenants in the future or that the bank will grant a waiver for any such
default or that it will not exercise its remedies, which could include the refusal to allow additional borrowings on the line of
credit, the acceleration of the obligation s maturity date and foreclosure on Bisco s assets, with respect to any such
noncompliance, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls
over financial reporting or experience additional material weaknesses in our system of internal controls, we may not be able to
report our financial results accurately or timely or detect fraud, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price
of our common stock and our business.   

We have from time to time had material weaknesses in our internal
controls over financial reporting due to deficiencies in the process related to the preparation of our financial statements, segregation
of duties, sufficient control in the area of financial reporting oversight and review, and appropriate personnel to ensure the
complete and proper application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
as it relates to certain routine accounting transactions. Although we believe we have addressed these material weaknesses, we may
experience material weaknesses in the future and may fail to maintain a system of internal controls over financial reporting that
complies with the reporting requirements applicable to public companies in the United States. Our failure to address any deficiencies
or weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or to properly maintain an effective system of internal control
over financial reporting could impact our ability to prevent fraud or to issue our financial statements in a timely manner that
presents fairly in accordance with GAAP our financial condition and results of operations. The existence of any such deficiencies
and/or weaknesses, even ifremedied, may also lead to the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements,
could harm our business and negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. Such deficiencies or material weaknesses may
also subject us to lawsuits, investigations and other penalties. 

We rely heavily on our internal information systems, which,
if not properly functioning, could materially and adversely affect our business.   

Our information systems have been in place for many years, and
are subject to system failures as well as problems caused by human error, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Many of our systems consist of a number of legacy or internally developed applications, which can be more difficult to upgrade
to commercially available software. It may be time consuming and costly for us to retrieve data that is necessary for management
to evaluate our systems of control and information flow. In the future, management may decide to convert our information systems
to a single enterprise solution. Such a conversion, while it would enhance the accessibility and reliability of our data, could
be expensive and would not be without risk of data loss, delay or business interruption. Maintaining and operating these systems
requires continuous investments. Failure of any of these internal information systems or material difficulties in upgrading these
information systems could have material adverse effects on our business and our timely compliance with our reporting obligations. 

We may not be able to attract and retain key personnel.   

Our future performance will depend to a significant extent upon
the efforts and abilities of certain key management and other personnel, including Glen Ceiley, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Board, and Don Wagner, Bisco s President, as well as other executive officers and senior management. The
loss of service of one or more of our key management members could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our ability to successfully attract and retain qualified
sales personnel is uncertain.   

Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract,
motivate and retain a sufficient number of qualified sales employees, who understand and appreciate our strategy and culture and
are able to adequately represent us to our customers. Qualified individuals of the requisite caliber and number needed to fill
these positions may be in short supply in some areas, and the turnover rate in the industry is high. If we are unable to hire and
retain personnel capable of consistently providing a high level of customer service, as demonstrated by their enthusiasm for our
culture and product knowledge, our sales could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, competition for qualified employees
could require us to pay higher wages to attract a sufficient number of employees. An inability to recruit and retain a sufficient
number of qualified individuals in the future may also delay the planned openings of new offices. Any such delays, material increases
in existing employee turnover rates, or increases in labor costs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or operating results. 

We do not have long-term supply agreements or guaranteed
price or delivery arrangements with the majority of our suppliers.   

In most cases, we have no guaranteed price or delivery arrangements
with our suppliers. Consequently, we may experience inventory shortages on certain products. Furthermore, our industry occasionally
experiences significant product supply shortages and customer order backlogs due to the inability of certain manufacturers to supply
products as needed. We cannot assure you that suppliers will maintain an adequate supply of products to fulfill our orders on a
timely basis, at a recoverable cost, or at all, or that we will be able to obtain particular products on favorable terms or at
all. Additionally, we cannot assure you that product lines currently offered by suppliers will continue to be available to us.
A decline in the supply or continued availability of the products of our suppliers, or a significant increase in the price of those
products, could reduce our sales and negatively affect our operating results. 

Our supply agreements are generally terminable at the suppliers 
discretion.   

Substantially all of the agreements we have with our suppliers,
including our authorized distributor agreements, are terminable with little or no notice and without any penalty. Suppliers that
currently sell their products through us could decide to sell, or increase their sales of, their products directly or through other
distributors or channels. Any termination, interruption or adverse modification of our relationship with a key supplier or a significant
number of other suppliers would likely adversely affect our operating income, cash flow and future prospects. 

We generally do not have long-term sales contracts with our
customers.   

Most of our sales are made on a purchase order basis, rather
than through long-term sales contracts. A variety of conditions, both specific to each customer and generally affecting each customer s
industry, may cause customers to reduce, cancel or delay orders that were either previously made or anticipated, go bankrupt or
fail, or default on their payments. Significant or numerous cancellations, reductions, delays in orders by customers, losses of
customers, and/or customer defaults on payment could materially adversely affect our business. 

The competitive pressures we face could have a material adverse
effect on our business.   

The market for our products and services is very competitive.
We compete for customers with other distributors, as well as with many of our suppliers. A failure to maintain and enhance our
competitive position could adversely affect our business and prospects. Furthermore, our efforts to compete in the marketplace
could cause deterioration of gross profit margins and, thus, overall profitability. Some of our competitors may have greater financial,
personnel, capacity and other resources or a more extensive customer base than we do. 

Our strategy of expanding into new geographic areas could
be costly.   

One of our primary growth strategies is to grow our business
through the opening of sales offices in new geographic markets. Based on our analysis of demographics in the United States, Canada
and Mexico, we currently estimate there is potential market opportunity in North America to support additional sales offices. We
cannot guarantee that our estimates are accurate or that we will open enough offices to capitalize on the full market opportunity
or that any new offices will be successful. In addition, a particular local market s ability to support a sales office may
change because of a change due to competition, or local economic conditions. 

We may be unable to meet our goals regarding new office openings.

Our growth, in part, is primarily dependent on our ability to
attract new customers. Historically, an effective way to attract new customers has been opening new sales offices. One of our current
business strategies focuses on opening and quickly growing new sales offices in markets or geographic regions with potential for
growth. However, we may not be able to open or grow new offices at our projected or desired rates or hire the qualified sales personnel
necessary to make such new offices successful. Failure to do so could negatively impact our long-term growth and market share. 

Opening sales offices in new markets presents increased risks
that may prevent us from being profitable in these new locations, and/or may adversely affect our operating results.   

Our new sales offices do not typically achieve operating results
comparable to our existing offices until after several years of operation. The added expenses relating to payroll, occupancy and
transportation costs can impact our ability to leverage earnings. In addition, offices in new geographic areas face additional
challenges to achieving profitability. In new markets, we have less familiarity with local customer preferences and customers in
these markets are less familiar with our name and capabilities. Entry into new markets may also bring us into competition with
new, unfamiliar competitors. These challenges associated with opening new offices in new markets may have an adverse effect on
our business and operating results. 

We may not be able to identify new products and products
lines, or obtain new product on favorable terms and prices or at all.   

Our success depends in part on our ability to develop product
expertise and identify future products and product lines that complement existing products and product lines and that respond to
our customers  needs. We may not be able to compete effectively unless our product selection keeps up with trends in the
markets in which we compete. 

Increases in the costs of energy, shipping and raw materials
used in our products could impact our cost of goods and distribution and occupancy expenses, which would result in lower operating
margins.   

Costs of raw materials used in our products and energy costs
have been rising during the last several years, which has resulted in increased production costs for our suppliers. These suppliers
typically look to pass their increased costs along to us through price increases. The shipping costs for our products have risen
as well and may continue to rise. While we typically try to pass increased supplier prices and shipping costs through to our customers
or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact, we may not be successful. Failure to fully pass these increased prices and
costs through to our customers or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact would have an adverse effect on our operating
margins. 

The Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
holds almost all of our voting stock and can control the election of directors and significant corporate actions.   

Glen Ceiley, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, owns
approximately 98% of our outstanding voting stock. Mr. Ceiley is able to exert significant influence over the outcome of almost
all corporate matters, including significant corporate transactions requiring a shareholder vote, such as a merger or a sale of
the Company or our assets. This concentration of ownership and influence in management and board decision-making could also harm
the price of our common stock by, among other things, discouraging a potential acquirer from seeking to acquire shares of our common
stock (whether by making a tender offer or otherwise) or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 

Sales of our common stock by Glen Ceiley could cause the
price of our common stock to decline.   

Historically there has been limited trading of our common stock,
and the volume of any sales is generally low. As of August 31, 2016, the number of shares held by non-affiliates of Mr. Ceiley
is approximately 120,000 shares. If Mr. Ceiley sells or seeks to sell a substantial number of his shares of our common stock in
the future, the market price of our common stock could decline. The perception among investors that these sales may occur could
produce the same effect. 

Inclement weather and other disruptions to the transportation
network could impact our distribution system.   

Our ability to provide efficient shipment of products to our
customers is an integral component of our overall business strategy. Disruptions at distribution centers or shipping ports may
affect our ability to both maintain core products in inventory and deliver products to our customers on a timely basis, which may
in turn adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, severe weather conditions could adversely impact demand for our
products in particularly hard hit regions. 

Our advertising and marketing efforts may be costly and may
not achieve desired results.   

We incur substantial expense in connection with our advertising
and marketing efforts. Postage represents a significant advertising expense for us because we generally mail fliers to current
and potential customers through the U.S. Postal Service. Any future increases in postal rates will increase our mailing expenses
and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may not have adequate or cost-effective capital resources.

Our ability to satisfy our cash needs depends on our ability
to generate cash from operations and to access our line of credit and the capital markets, all of which are subject to general
economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We may need to satisfy
our cash needs through external financing, which may not be available on acceptable terms on a timely basis or at all. 

Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments   

None. 

Item 2.  Properties   

We have 48 sales offices and seven distribution centers located
throughout the United States and in Canada. Our corporate headquarters and one of our primary distribution centers are located
in Anaheim, California in approximately 40,000 square feet of office and warehouse space. We lease all of our properties, consisting
of office and warehouse space, under leases generally having a term of three years. For additional information regarding our obligations
under property leases, see Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part IV, Item 15 of this report. 

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings   

From time to time, the Company may be named in claims arising
in the ordinary course of business. Currently, we are not a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management,
would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not applicable. 

PART II   

Item 5.  Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

Market Information and Holders  

The Company s common stock is quoted on the OTCQB operated
by the OTC Markets Group Inc., and previously on the OTC Bulletin Board, under the trading symbol  EACO  however,
there is no established public trading market for the Company s common stock.   The closing sale price of the Company s
common stock on November 2, 2016, the most recent date on which a sale of our shares occurred, was   $6.25 per share. 

The quarterly high and low bid information of the Company s
common stock as quoted on such over-the-counter markets are set forth below.   

As of August 31, 2016, the Company had no equity compensation
plans. The Company did not grant or issue any unregistered shares of common stock during the year ended August 31, 2016.  The
Company did not repurchase any of its own common stock during the year ended August 31, 2016. 

Dividend Policy  

The Company has never paid cash dividends on its common stock
and does not expect to pay any cash dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Item 6.     Selected Financial Data   

The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) and is not required to provide the information
required under this item. 

Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results Of Operations   

You should read the following discussion
of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related
notes included in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
In addition to our historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements
that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors.    

Overview   

EACO is a holding company primarily comprised
of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bisco. Bisco is a distributor of electronic components and fasteners with 48 sales offices and
seven distribution centers located throughout the United States and Canada. Bisco supplies parts used in the manufacture of products
in a broad range of industries, including the aerospace, circuit board, communication, computer, fabrication, instrumentation,
industrial equipment and marine industries. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Revenue Recognition    

The Company s shipping terms are FOB shipping point. As
such, management generally recognizes distribution operations revenue at the time of product shipment. Revenue is considered to
be realized or realizable and earned when there is persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement in the form of an executed contract
or purchase order, the product has been shipped (and installed when applicable), the sales price is fixed or determinable, and
collectability is reasonably assured. 

Impairment of Long Lived Assets   

The Company s policy is to review long-lived assets for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  For
the purpose of the impairment review, assets are tested on an individual basis.  The recoverability of the assets is
measured by a comparison of the carrying value of each asset to the future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated
by such assets.  If such assets are considered impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by
which the carrying value of the assets exceeds their estimated fair value. 

Deferred Tax Assets   

A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if
it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefit, or when future
deductibility is uncertain.  The Company records net deferred tax assets to the extent management believe these assets
will more likely than not be realized.  In making such determination, the Company considers all available positive and
negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income (if any), tax planning
strategies and recent financial performance.   

Results of Operations  

Comparison of the Fiscal Years Ended
August 31, 2016 and 2015    

Revenues and Gross Margin 
 (dollars in thousands)  

Revenues consist primarily of sales
of component parts and fasteners, but also include, to a lesser extent, kitting charges and special order fees, as well as freight
charged to customers. The increase in revenues in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was largely due to increased product sales
and increased efficiencies from the Company s employees. Revenues have also increased due to the Company focusing on relationship
building programs with current and potential customers and vendors. The gross margins in fiscal 2016 remained consistent with fiscal
2015. 

Selling, General and Administrative
Expense (dollars in thousands)     

Selling, general and administrative
expense ( SG A ) consists primarily of payroll and related expenses for the sales and administrative staff, professional
fees (including accounting, legal and technology costs and expenses), and sales and marketing costs. SG A in fiscal 2016 increased
from fiscal 2015 largely due to annual raises in employee salaries, bonuses, and a full-year s overhead from our new distribution
center in Georgia, which became active in May 2015. The Company has also invested in expanding its supply chain department, increasing
such department s headcount by 12%, from 26 in fiscal 2015 to 29 employees in fiscal 2016. Expanding the supply chain department
is expected to develop and enhance vendor relationships to create favorable pricing for inventory purchases. 

Other Income (Expense), Net (dollars
in thousands)     

Other income (expense) includes income
or losses on investments in short-term marketable equity securities of other publicly-held domestic corporations, and interest
expense. The Company s investment strategy consists of both long and short positions, as well as utilizing options to improve
return. The Company experienced net realized and unrealized gain from trading securities of $104,000 during fiscal 2016 and $225,000
during fiscal 2015. The decrease in trading securities in fiscal 2016 is due mainly to timing and general market climate short
positions at year end, causing an unrealized loss of $226,000. 

Interest and other expense increased
in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 due to the disposal of fixed assets of $7,000 in fiscal 2016. As of August 31, 2016 and
2015, there were no amounts outstanding on the Company s line of credit. 

Income Tax Provision (dollars in
thousands)     

The provision for income taxes increased
by $179,000 in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. This was primarily a result of higher estimated taxable income in fiscal 2016
as compared to the prior year period. The percent of pre-tax net income was relatively consistent, decreasing by 0.3% from fiscal
2016 compared to fiscal 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Bisco currently has a $10,000,000 line of credit agreement with
Community Bank, N.A ( Community Bank ). Borrowings under this agreement bear interest at either the 30, 60 or 90 day
LIBOR (0.81% and 0.31% for the 90 day LIBOR at August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively) plus 1.75% and/or the bank s reference
rate (3.25% at August 31, 2016 and 2015). Borrowings under this line are secured by substantially all assets of Bisco. The line
of credit agreement expires in March 2017. No amounts were outstanding under this line of credit as of August 31, 2016 and 2015.
The line of credit agreement contains certain nonfinancial and financial covenants, including the maintenance of certain financial
ratios. As of August 31, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities   

During fiscal 2016, the Company used
$1,100,000 in net cash from its operating activities. This was due primarily to an increase in inventory of $5,001,000 and an increase
in trade accounts receivable of $3,385,000 primarily due to higher revenues in 2016. This was partially offset by net income in
fiscal 2016 of $4,095,000. 

During fiscal 2015, the Company generated
$5,574,000 in net cash from its operating activities. This was due primarily to net income of $3,741,000 in fiscal 2015 and a decrease
in trade accounts receivable of $2,219,000. This was partially offset by an increase in inventory of $1,951,000. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities   

Net cash flow used in investing activities
was $820,000 for fiscal 2016. This was primarily due to the purchase of marketable securities of $436,000 and purchase of equipment
of $403,000 related to technology upgrades to increase employee efficiency in fiscal 2016. 

Net cash flow provided by investing
activities was $18,000 for fiscal 2015. This was primarily due to the net change in securities sold short of $1,139,000. This increase
was offset in part by the Company s purchase of property and equipment of $519,000 and an increase in restricted cash of
$900,000. The restricted cash increased in fiscal 2016 due to cash reserves against securities sold short. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities   

Cash generated from financing activities
fiscal 2016 was $1,659,000, which was primarily due to the increase in its bank overdraft liability of $1,768,000. The increase
in bank overdraft is due to timing of payments of invoices at year end. 

Cash used in financing activities in
fiscal 2015 was $3,598,000 and was primarily due to the Company s net payments during 2015 on its revolving credit facility
and a decrease in its bank overdraft liability of $1,684,000 and $1,827,000, respectively. At the end of fiscal 2015, the Company
paid down its line of credit balance to zero. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements
that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the financial position, revenues, results of operations, liquidity
or capital expenditures. 

Contractual Financial Obligations  

In addition to using cash flow from operations,
the Company finances its operations through borrowings from banks and the leasing of certain equipment and facilities.  These
financial obligations are recorded in accordance with accounting rules applicable to the underlying transactions, with the result
that debt agreements and obligations under capital leases are recorded as liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets while obligations under operating leases are disclosed in the Notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk   

The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 8.  Financial Statements And Supplementary
Data   

The financial statements required by Regulation S-X are included
in Part IV, Item 15 of this report. 

Item 9.  Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures   

(a)        Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 
As required by Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report the Company
carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures.
This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer,
who also serves as the Company s principal financial officer. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer has concluded that the Company s controls and procedures were effective as of August 31, 2016. 

(b)      Management s annual report on internal control
over financial reporting.  Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial
reporting is intended to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

The Company s management, with the participation of its
Chief Executive Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August
31, 2016. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of  the
 Treadway Commission (COSO) in its report entitled  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013).  Based on
that assessment under such criteria, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of August 31, 2016. 

Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, and/or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore,
even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
and presentation. 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. As such, this annual report does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.

(c)      Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended
August 31, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Item 9B.  Other Information   

None 

PART III  

Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance   

Set forth below is certain information, as of November 1, 2016,
regarding our directors and executive officers, including information regarding the experience, qualifications, attributes or skills
of each director that led the Board of Directors to conclude that the person should serve on the Board. 

Directors and Executive Officers   

Directors   

Glen F. Ceiley currently serves as Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company.  Stephen Catanzaro, Jay Conzen and William L. Means also currently serve as directors
of the Company. Each director serves a one-year term, or until such director s successor has been elected and qualified. 

   Glen F. Ceiley  , age 70, has served as EACO s
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since 1999. Mr. Ceiley is also the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board of Bisco, and has held those positions since he founded Bisco in 1973. He also served as President of Bisco prior to June
2010. In addition, Mr. Ceiley is a former director of Data I/O Corporation, a publicly-held company that provides programming systems
for electronic device manufacturers. Mr. Ceiley has served as a director of the Company since 1998. As the founder of Bisco with
over 45 years of experience in that industry, Mr. Ceiley is uniquely qualified to provide insights into and guidance on the industry
and growth and development of the Company. 

Stephen Catanzaro  , age 63, has served as the Chief
Financial Officer of Allied Business Schools, Inc., a company that provides home study courses and distance education, since April
2004. Prior to that, Mr. Catanzaro was the Chief Financial Officer of V M Restoration, Inc., a building restoration company,
from September 2002 to February 2004, and the Chief Financial Officer of Bisco. Mr. Catanzaro has served as a director of the Company
since 1999. Mr. Catanzaro offers to the Board valuable business and strategic insights obtained through his work in a variety of
industries, as well as experience as a certified public accountant which is invaluable to his service in the Audit Committee. 

Jay Conzen  , age 70, has served as the President
of Old Fashioned Kitchen, Inc., a national food distributor, since April 2003 and as a Director since 2011. Prior to that, from
October 1992 to April 2003, Mr. Conzen was the principal of Jay Conzen Investments, an investment advisor. Mr. Conzen also served
as a consultant to EACO from August 1999 until January 2001 and from October 2001 to April 2003. Mr. Conzen has served as a director
of the Company since 1998. Having served as an executive officer of several companies, Mr. Conzen offers to the Board a wealth
of management and leadership experience as well as an understanding of issues faced by businesses. He also served as a certified
public accountant for a number of years. 

William L. Means  , age 73, served as the Vice President
of Information Technology of Bisco from 2001 until his retirement in June 2010. Prior to that, from 1997 to 2001, Mr. Means was
Vice President of Corporate Development of Bisco. Mr. Means has served as a director of the Company since July 1999. He holds an
M.B.A. degree from San Jose State University. Mr. Means provides extensive industry expertise to the Board, as well as a deep and
broad understanding of the Company and its operations resulting from his years of service as an officer of Bisco. 

Executive Officers   

Each executive officer holds office at the discretion of the
Company s Board, or until the officer s successor has been elected and qualified. See above for biographical information
for Mr. Ceiley, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. 

Donald S. Wagner  , age 54, has served as the President
of Bisco since June 2010 and as its Chief Operating Officer since November 2007. Prior to his promotion to President, Mr. Wagner
also held the title of Executive Vice President of Bisco from November 2007. Mr. Wagner has worked at Bisco since 1994 in a number
of other capacities, including as Vice President of Product Management. Prior to joining Bisco, Mr. Wagner worked in the Defense
division at Rockwell International. He holds a B.A. degree in Communications from California State University, Fullerton. 

Michael Narikawa  , age 35, has served as the Controller
and the Principal Accounting Officer of EACO and Bisco since May 2014. Prior to his promotion as Controller, Mr. Narikawa served
as Bisco s Accounting Supervisor from February 2009 to April 2014. Prior to joining Bisco, he was a Senior Auditor at KPMG,
LLP from June 2005 to December 2008. Mr. Narikawa has a B.S. degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Accountancy
from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo. 

Zach Ceiley  , age 36, has served as the Vice President
of Sales and Marketing of Bisco since September 2012. Prior to such promotion, Mr. Ceiley was the Northern Regional Manager of
Bisco from September 2010. Since he joined Bisco in February 2003, Mr. Ceiley has served the Company in a number of other capacities
in the sales department, including as Cell Manager and Area Manager. Mr. Ceiley has a B.S. degree in Communications from the University
of Colorado. Zach Ceiley is the son of Glen Ceiley, who is EACO s Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and majority
shareholder and Bisco s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. 

Code of Ethical Conduct  

The Company has adopted a code of ethics applicable to the Company s
senior executive and financial officers.  You may receive, without charge, a copy of the Financial Code of Ethical Conduct
by contacting our Corporate Secretary at 1500 N. Lakeview Avenue, Anaheim, California 92807. 

Audit Committee  

The Audit Committee s basic functions are to assist the
Board in discharging its fiduciary responsibilities to the shareholders and the investment community in the preservation of the
integrity of the financial information published by the Company, to maintain free and open means of communication between the Company s
directors, independent auditors and financial management, and to ensure the independence of the independent auditors.  The
Board has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee which is attached as Annex A to the Company s Proxy Statement
for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, as filed with the SEC on April 8, 2013..  The Audit Committee charter is
not available on the Company s website.  Currently, the members of the Audit Committee are Messrs. Catanzaro, Conzen
(Chairman) and Means. As indicated in Item 13 below, the Board has determined that Messrs. Catanzaro, Conzen and Means are independent
as defined by the NASDAQ Stock Market s Marketplace Rules. The Board has identified Mr. Conzen as the member of the Audit
Committee who qualifies as an  audit committee financial expert  under applicable SEC rules and regulations governing
the composition of the Audit Committee. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance   

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act requires our directors
and executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the
SEC reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and our other equity securities. These persons
are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. 

For fiscal 2016, the following
Form 4 filing was filed with the SEC but was not within two business days of the applicable transaction: filing by Mr. Glen Ceiley
for the sale on November 13, 20155 of 1,398 shares of common stock. Based solely on our review of copies of the reports on Forms
3, 4 and 5 received by us during or with respect to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 and written representations received
from the reporting persons that no other reports were required, except as indicated in the foregoing sentence, we believe that
all directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock have complied with the reporting requirements
of Section 16(a) and have filed all reports required by such section on a timely basis.   

Item 11.  Executive Compensation   

The Executive Compensation Committee (the  Committee )
is responsible for establishing the salary and annual bonuses paid to executive officers of EACO and administering EACO s
equity incentive plans, if any, including granting stock options to officers and employees of EACO. The Committee has not adopted
a formal charter. The current members of the Committee are Messrs. Glen Ceiley and William Means. 

The officers of EACO are Mr. Ceiley, the Company s Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Michael Narikawa, the Company s Controller and principal accounting
officer. Due to the nature of EACO s operations and related financial results, no additional salary or other compensation
for their service as officers of EACO was determined to be necessary and no such compensation was provided to Mr. Ceiley or Mr.
Narikawa during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. However, both of them receive compensation from Bisco for their services provided
to Bisco. 

All compensation for the named executive officers for fiscal
2016 and fiscal 2015 was paid by Bisco. The compensation of named executive officers who serve as officers of Bisco are determined
by Bisco s Chairman of the Board, Glen Ceiley. Bisco currently does not pay bonuses or other incentive compensation to the
named executive officers, although Mr. Ceiley has received quarterly dividends on his shares of Preferred Stock of EACO. 

Summary Compensation  

The following table sets forth information regarding compensation
earned from the Company (including from Bisco, our wholly-owned subsidiary) during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 by (i) our
Chief Executive Officer, (ii) two other most highly compensated executive officers who were employed by the Company (including
Bisco) as of August 31, 2016 and whose total compensation exceeded $100,000 during that year. The officers listed below are
collectively referred to as the  named executive officers  in this report. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End  

The Company did not grant any equity awards during fiscal 2016
to any named executive officer and no outstanding equity awards were held by the named executive officers at August 31, 2016. 

Director Compensation  

The Company pays $10,000 per year in cash to each director who
is not employed by EACO or its subsidiary as compensation for their Board services. In addition, directors who do not receive a
salary from EACO or its subsidiary receive a fee of $500 for each Board meeting attended. No additional fees are paid to directors
for attendance at meetings of the Audit Committee or the Executive Compensation Committee of the Board. 

The following table sets forth the compensation of certain Company
directors for the year ended August 31, 2016. (See the above  Summary Compensation  for information regarding
Mr. Ceiley). 

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management   

The table below presents certain information regarding beneficial
ownership of the Company s common stock (the Company s only voting security) as of November 4, 2016 (i) by
each shareholder known to the Company to own more than five percent (5%) of the outstanding common stock, (ii) by each named
executive officer and director of the Company, and (iii) by all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group.
Under the rules of the SEC, the determinations of  beneficial ownership  of the Company s common stock are based
upon Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Under Rule 13d-3, shares will be deemed to be  beneficially owned 
when a person has, either solely or with others, the power to vote or to direct the voting of shares and/or the power to dispose,
or to direct the disposition of shares, or where a person has the right to acquire any such power within 60 days after the
date such beneficial ownership is determined. Shares of the Company s common stock that a beneficial owner has the right
to acquire within 60 days are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such owner
but are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.  

* Less than 1% 

  (footnotes on following page)  

(footnotes from prior page)  

(3) 
      Includes (i) 4,738,271 shares of common stock held directly by Mr. Ceiley; (ii) 6,000 shares held by Mr. Ceiley s wife; (iii) 839 shares held in his IRA; and (iv) 40,000 shares issuable upon conversion of the 36,000 shares of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (excluding any dividends accrued but not yet paid) held by Mr. Ceiley. Mr. Ceiley has the sole power to vote and dispose of the shares of common stock he owns individually.    

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence   

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  

Since September 1, 2012, except as described below or under
Item 11 (Executive Compensation), there has not been, nor is there any proposed transaction, where we (or any of our subsidiaries)
were or will be a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average
of the Company s total assets at year end for the last two fiscal years and in which any director, director nominee, executive
officer, holder of more than 5% of any class of our voting securities, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing
persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

The Company leases three buildings under operating lease agreements
from its Chief Executive Officer and majority shareholder, Glen Ceiley. During the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
paid approximately $652,000 and $635,000, respectively, in rent with respect to these leases. 

Director Independence  

The Company s Board consists of the following directors:
Stephen Catanzaro, Glen Ceiley, Jay Conzen and William L. Means. The Board has determined that three of its four directors, Stephen
Catanzaro, Jay Conzen and William L. Means, are independent as defined by the NASDAQ Stock Market s Marketplace Rules.  In
addition to such rules, the Board considered transactions and relationships between each director (and his immediate family) and
the Company to determine whether any such relationships or transactions were inconsistent with a determination that the director
is independent.  As a result, the Board determined that Mr. Ceiley is not independent, as he is an employee of Bisco
and member of Bisco s steering committee.  Bisco s steering committee handles the day to day operations of
the Company, and Mr. Ceiley has been intimately involved with decision-making that directly affects the financial statements of
the Company. 

Currently, the members of the Audit Committee are Messrs. Catanzaro,
Conzen (Chairman) and Means. The Board has determined that all of the foregoing committee members are independent pursuant to the
Nasdaq Marketplace Rules and SEC Rule 10A-3. 

Item 14.  Principal Accounting Services   

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures  

The Audit Committee is required to pre-approve all auditing
services and permissible non-audit services, including related fees and terms, to be performed for the Company by its independent
auditor, subject to the de minimus exceptions for non-audit services described under the Exchange Act, which are approved by the
Audit Committee prior to the completion of the audit. The Audit Committee also considers whether the provision by its independent
accounting firm of any non-audit related services is compatible with maintaining the independence of such firm. For fiscal 2016
and fiscal 2015, the Audit Committee pre-approved all services performed for the Company by the auditor. 

Audit Services  

Squar Milner LLP ( Squar Milner ), the Company s
independent accounting firm for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 performed professional services for the audit of the financial
statements included in the Company s annual report on form 10-K and for the reviews of the unaudited financial statements
included in the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended during the years ended August 31, 2016 and
2015 were $172,443 and $176,941, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees  

The Company was not billed any audit-related fees by Squar Milner
for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

PART IV  

Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules     

(a)  The financial statements listed below and commencing
on the pages indicated are incorporated herein by reference and filed as part of this report on Form 10-K. 

(b)  The exhibits listed in the
accompanying  Exhibit Index  immediately following the financial statements are filed herewith or incorporated by reference
as indicated. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

EACO Corporation   

November 23, 2016  
       
      /s/ Glen Ceiley   

By: Glen Ceiley   

Its: Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer and   
 principal financial officer)   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature   
       
       Title   
       
       Date    

/s/ Glen F. Ceiley  
       
      Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  
       
      11/23/16   
 
      Glen F. Ceiley  
       
      (principal executive officer and   
 principal financial officer)  

/s/ Michael Narikawa  
       
      Controller (principal accounting officer)  
       
      11/23/16   
 
      Michael Narikawa  

/s/ Steve Catanzaro  
       
      Director  
       
      11/23/16   
 
      Steve Catanzaro  

/s/ Jay Conzen  
       
      Director  
       
      11/23/16   
 
      Jay Conzen  

/s/ William Means  
       
      Director  
       
      11/23/16   
 
      William Means  

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

The Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 EACO Corporation 

 Anaheim, California 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of EACO Corporation and Subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of August 31, 2016 and 2015 and the related consolidated statements
of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders  equity, and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.  Our
audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that were
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting.  Accordingly, we express no such opinion.  An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of EACO Corporation and Subsidiaries as of August 31, 2016
and 2015 and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. 

/s/ Squar Milner LLP (formerly Squar, Milner, Peterson, Miranda
  Williamson, LLP) 

Newport Beach, California 

 November 23, 2016 

EACO Corporation and Subsidiaries  

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (in thousands, except share and per share
information) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

EACO Corporation and Subsidiaries  

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements. 

EACO Corporation and Subsidiaries  

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income 

 (in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

EACO Corporation and Subsidiaries  

 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders 
Equity 

 For the Years Ended August 31, 2016 and
2015 

 (in thousands, except share information) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

EACO Corporation and Subsidiaries  

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

EACO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2016 and 2015 

Note
                            1.      Organization
                                         and Basis of Presentation   

EACO Corporation ( EACO ), incorporated in Florida
in September 1985, is a holding company, primarily comprised of is its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bisco Industries, Inc. ( Bisco ).
Bisco was incorporated in Illinois in 1974 and is a distributor of electronic components and fasteners with 48 sales offices and
seven distribution centers located throughout the United States and Canada. Bisco supplies parts used in the manufacture of products
in a broad range of industries, including the aerospace, circuit board, communication, computer, fabrication, instrumentation,
industrial equipment and marine industries. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.  These estimates
include allowance for doubtful trade accounts receivable, slow moving and obsolete inventory reserves, recoverability of the carrying
value and estimated useful lives of long-lived assets, and the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets.  Actual
results could differ from those estimates. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The consolidated financial statements for all periods presented
include the accounts of EACO, its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bisco Industries, Inc., and Bisco s wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary,
Bisco Industries Limited (which are collectively referred to herein as the  Company ,  we ,  us 
and  our ). All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Note   2.    Significant Accounting Policies  

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an
original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Trade Accounts Receivable  

Trade accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount,
less an estimate for an allowance for doubtful accounts. Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by identifying
probable credit losses in the Company s accounts receivable and reviewing historical data to estimate the collectability
on items not yet specifically identified as problem accounts. Trade accounts receivable are written off when deemed uncollectible.
Recoveries of trade accounts receivable previously written off are recorded when received. A trade account receivable is considered
past due if any portion of the receivable balance is outstanding for more than 30 days. The Company does not charge interest on
past due balances. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $111,000 at August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Inventories  

Inventories consist primarily of electronic fasteners and components,
and are stated at the lower of cost or estimated market value. Cost is determined using the average cost method. Inventories are
presented net of a reserve for slow moving or obsolete items of $1,307,000 and $1,105,000 at August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The reserve is based upon management s review of inventories on-hand over their expected future utilization and length of
time held by the Company. 

Equipment and Leasehold Improvements   

Equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost net
of accumulated amortization. Depreciation on equipment is calculated on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives
of the assets, ranging from five to seven years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the estimated useful life of the asset
or the remaining lease term, whichever is less. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Renewals and improvements
of a major nature are capitalized. At the time of retirement or disposition of property and equipment, the cost and accumulated
depreciation or amortization are removed from the accounts and any gains or losses are reflected in earnings. 

Impairment of Long Lived Assets  

The Company s policy is to review long-lived assets for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  For
the purpose of the impairment review, assets are tested on an individual basis.  The recoverability of the assets is
measured by a comparison of the carrying value of each asset to the future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated
by such assets.  If such assets are considered impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by
which the carrying value of the assets exceeds their estimated fair value. 

Trading Securities  

The Company invests in marketable trading securities, which
include long and short positions in equity securities. Short positions represent securities sold, but not yet purchased. Short
sales result in obligations to purchase securities at a later date and are separately presented as a liability in the Company s
consolidated balance sheet. As of August 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company s total obligation for securities sold, but not yet
purchased was $1,425,000 and $1,781,000, respectively. Restricted cash to collateralize the Company s obligation for short
sales was $1,425,000 and $1,781,000 at August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

These securities are stated at fair value, which is determined
using the quoted closing prices at each reporting date. Realized gains and losses on investment transactions are recognized as
incurred in the consolidated statements of operations. Net unrealized gains and losses are reported in the statements of operations
and represent the change in the market value of investment holdings during the period. See Note 11. 

Revenue Recognition   

Management generally recognizes revenue at the time of product
shipment, as the Company s shipping terms are FOB shipping point. Revenue is considered to be realized or realizable and
earned when there is persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement in the form of an executed contract or purchase order, the product
has been shipped, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Income Taxes   

Deferred taxes on income result from temporary differences between
the reporting of income for financial statement and tax reporting purposes. A valuation allowance related to a deferred tax asset
is recorded when it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.   In making
such determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred
tax liabilities, projected future taxable income (if any), tax planning strategies and recent financial performance.    

We provide tax contingencies, if any, for federal, state, local
and international exposures relating to audit results, tax planning initiatives and compliance responsibilities.  The development
of these reserves requires judgments about tax issues, potential outcomes and timing.  Although the outcome of these tax audits
is uncertain, in management s opinion adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating
from these reviews.  If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates, they could have a material impact on our results
of operations. 

Freight and Shipping/Handling   

Shipping and handling expenses are included in cost of goods
sold, and were approximately $2,653,000 and $2,557,000 for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Liabilities of Discontinued Operations  

Prior to June 2005, EACO self-insured workers  compensation
claims losses up to certain limits.  The liability for workers  compensation represents an estimate of the present
value of the ultimate cost of uninsured losses which are unpaid as of the balance sheet dates.    At each fiscal
year end, the Company obtains an actuarial report which estimates its overall exposure based on historical claims and an evaluation
of future claims, and adjustments to the Company s estimated claim liability, if any, are reflected in operations. The Company
pursues recovery of certain claims from an insurance carrier.  Recoveries, if any, are recognized when realization is
reasonably assured. The outstanding liability for worker s compensation at year end is not significant and is recorded in
accrued liabilities at August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Operating Leases   

Certain Company leases for its sales offices and distribution
centers provide for minimum annual payments that adjust over the life of the lease. The aggregate minimum annual payments are expensed
on the straight-line basis over the minimum lease term. The Company recognizes a deferred rent liability for rent escalations when
the amount of straight-line rent exceeds the lease payments, and reduces the deferred rent liability when the lease payments exceed
the straight-line rent expense. 

Earnings Per Common Share   

Basic earnings per common share for
the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 were computed based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.
Diluted earnings per share for those periods have been computed based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding,
giving effect to all potentially dilutive common shares that were outstanding during the respective periods. Potentially dilutive
common shares represent 40,000 common shares issuable upon conversion of 36,000 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock,
which were outstanding at August 31, 2016 and 2015. Such securities are excluded from the weighted average shares outstanding
used to calculate diluted earnings per common share for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive
since the conversion price was greater than the average market price of the Company s common stock during these periods. 

Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions   

Assets and liabilities recorded in functional currencies other
than the U.S. dollar (Canadian dollars for the Bisco s Canadian subsidiary) are translated into U.S. dollars at the period-end
rate of exchange. Revenue and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015.
The resulting translation adjustments are charged or credited directly to accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. The average
exchange rates for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 were $0.76 and $0.83, respectively. 

Concentrations   

Financial instruments that subject the Company to credit risk
include cash balances in excess of federal depository insurance limits and accounts receivable. Cash accounts maintained by the
Company at U.S. and Canadian financial institutions are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and Canadian Deposit
Insurance Corporation, respectively. A significant portion of the Company s cash was held by its Canadian subsidiary. The
Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

Net sales to customers outside the United States and related
trade accounts receivable were approximately 9% and 14%, respectively, at August 31, 2016, and 9% and 11%, respectively, at August
31, 2015. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of total revenues for either of the years ended August 31, 2016 or 2015. 

Total assets held outside the United States comprised 5% and
6% as of August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Certain
Nonfinancial Assets and Liabilities   

The Company s financial instruments other than its marketable
securities include cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, security deposits, trade accounts payable,
line of credit, accrued expenses and long-term debt. Management believes that the fair value of these financial instruments approximate
their carrying amounts based on current market indicators, such as prevailing interest rates. The Company s marketable securities
are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (see Note 11). 

During the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
did not have any nonfinancial assets or liabilities that were measured at estimated fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. 

Significant Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  to supersede
previous revenue recognition guidance under current GAAP. The guidance presents steps for comprehensive revenue recognition that
requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance becomes effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. The Company
is currently evaluating this statement and its impact on its results of operations or financial position. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11  Simplifying
the Measurement of Inventory . The guidance is part of the  Simplification Initiative  to identify and re-evaluate
areas where the generally accepted accounting principles may be complex and cumbersome to apply. The guidance will require that
inventory be stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value as opposed to the lower of cost or market. Net realizable value
is the estimated selling price for the inventory less completion, disposal and transportation costs. The guidance becomes effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating this statement and its impact on its results
of operations or financial position. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance
Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . The guidance requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any
related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 6, 2016 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating this statement and
its impact on its results of operations or financial position. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases ,
which will require a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities with lease terms of more than 12 months. Both capital and operating
leases will need to be recognized on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2019 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company is currently evaluating
this statement and its impact on its results of operations or financial position. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial
Instruments   Credit Losses , which will require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets
held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The guidance
is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The
Company is currently evaluating this statement and its impact on its results of operations or financial position. 

Note   3.    Equipment and Leasehold Improvements  

Equipment and leasehold improvements are summarized as follows: 

For the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, depreciation and
amortization expense was $577,000 and $553,000, respectively. 

Note   4.    Long-Term Debt  

The Company has a note payable with BMW Bank of North America,
secured by an automobile, with a monthly principal and interest payment of $901. The note accrues interest at a rate of 0.9% per
annum and matures in June 2018 but was repaid in full in February 2016. The outstanding balance at August 31, 2016 and 2015 was
$0 and $33,000, respectively. 

The Company has a revolving credit agreement with Community
Bank, N.A., which currently provides for borrowings of up to $10,000,000 and bears interest at either the 30, 60 or 90 day LIBOR
(the 90 day LIBOR at August 31, 2016 and 2015 was 0.81% and 0.31%, respectively) plus 1.75% or the bank s reference rate
(3.25% at August 31, 2016 and 2015). Borrowings are secured by substantially all assets of the Company. The credit agreement, as
amended in March 2015, expires in March 2017. There was a zero balance outstanding as of August 31, 2016 and 2015. The agreement
contains certain nonfinancial and financial covenants, including the maintenance of certain financial ratios. As of August 31,
2016 and 2015, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. 

Note   5.    Shareholders  Equity  

Earnings Per Common Share ( EPS )  

The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators
used in the basic and diluted computations of earnings per common share: 

For the year ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, 40,000 potential
common shares (issuable upon conversion of 36,000 shares of the Company s Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock)
have been excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive since
the conversion price was greater than the average market price of the common stock. 

Preferred Stock  

The Company s Board of Directors is authorized to establish
the various rights and preferences for the Company's preferred stock, including voting, conversion, dividend and liquidation rights
and preferences, at the time shares of preferred stock are issued. In September 2004, the Company sold 36,000 shares of its Series
A cumulative convertible preferred stock (the  Preferred Stock ) to the Company s CEO, with an 8.5% dividend
rate at a price of $25 per share for a total cash purchase price of $900,000.  Holders of the Preferred Stock have the
right at any time to convert the Preferred Stock and accrued but unpaid dividends into shares of the Company s common stock
at the conversion price of $22.50 per share.  In the event of a liquidation or dissolution of the Company, holders of
the Preferred Stock are entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to shareholders at $25.00
per share plus all unpaid dividends before any payments are made to the holders of common stock. 

Note 6.    Profit Sharing Plan  

The Company has a defined contribution 401(k) profit sharing
plan for all eligible employees. Employees are eligible to contribute to the 401(k) plan after six months of employment. Under
this plan, employees may contribute up to 15% of their compensation. The Company has the discretion to match 50% of the employee
contributions up to 4% of employees  compensation. The Company s contributions are subject to a five-year vesting period
beginning the second year of service. The Company s contribution expense was approximately $223,000 and $212,000 for the
years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Note 7.    Income Taxes  

The following summarizes the Company s provision for income
taxes on income from operations: 

Income taxes for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 differ
from the amounts computed by applying the federal statutory corporate rates of 34% to the pre-tax income from operations. 

The differences are reconciled as follows:  

The components of deferred taxes at August 31, 2016 and 2015
are summarized below: 

The Company records net deferred tax assets to the extent management
believes these assets will more likely than not be realized.  In making such determination, the Company considers all
available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income
(if any), tax planning strategies and recent financial performance.  

Based on the Company s profitability and future forecast,
management believes it is more-likely-than not that a portion of its net deferred tax assets will not be utilized in the future.
Therefore, as of August 31, 2016 and 2015, a partial valuation allowance has been recorded based on management s estimate
of the amount of its net deferred tax assets that will be able to be utilized in future periods. 

The guidance in the  Transactions Between Entities Under
Common Control Subsections  of ASC 805-50, does not specifically address the accounting for the deferred tax consequences
that may result from a transfer of net assets or the exchange of equity interest between enterprises under common control. Although
such a transaction is not a pooling of interests, it appears as if the guidance of the FASB Statement No. 109 (ASC 740), paragraphs
270-272, which addresses the income tax accounting effects of a pooling-of-interests transaction should be applied by analogy. 

On January 1, 2007, we adopted ASC 740  Income Taxes 
formerly FASB Interpretation No. 48 an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 ( ASC 740 ). ASC 740 clarifies the
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company s financial statements. ASC 740 prescribes a recognition
threshold and measurement attribute for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to
be taken in the tax return. The Company did not recognize any additional liability for unrecognized tax benefit as a result of
the implementation. The Company has no liability for unrecognized tax benefit related to tax positions for either the August 31,
2015 year end or the August 31, 2016 year end. 

The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalty
related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of August 31, 2016, the Company has not recognized liabilities for
penalty and interest as the Company does not have any liability for unrecognized tax benefits. 

Note   8.    Commitments and Contingencies  

Legal Matters  

From time to time, we may be subject to
legal proceedings and claims which arise in the normal course of our business. Any such matters and disputes could be costly and
time consuming, subject us to damages or equitable remedies, and divert our management and key personnel from our business operations.
We currently are not a party to any legal proceedings, the adverse outcome of which, in management s opinion, individually
or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash
flows. 

Operating Lease Obligations  

The Company leases its facilities and automobiles under operating
lease agreements (three leased facilities are leased from its majority shareholder   see Note 10), which expire on various
dates through September 2021 and require minimum rental payments ranging from $1,000 to $32,000 per month. Certain of the leases
contain options for renewal under varying terms. 

Minimum future rental payments under operating leases are as
follows: 

Rental expense for all operating leases for the years ended
August 31, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $2,142,000 and $1,832,000, respectively. 

Note 9.    Related
Party Transactions  

The Company leases three buildings under operating lease agreements
from its CEO, Chairman of the Board and majority stockholder. During the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred
approximately $652,000 and $635,000, respectively, of rent expense related to these leases. 

Note 10.     Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

Management estimates the fair value of
its assets or liabilities measured at fair value based on the three levels of the fair-value hierarchy are described as follows: 

Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in
active markets for identical assets and liabilities. For the Company, Level 1 inputs include marketable securities and liabilities
for short sales of trading securities that are actively traded. 

Level 2: Inputs other than Level 1 are
observable, either directly or indirectly. The Company does not hold any Level 2 financial instruments. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs. The Company
does not hold any Level 3 financial instruments. 

The following table sets forth by level, within the fair value
hierarchy, certain assets at estimated fair value as of August 31, 2016 and 2015: 

Note 11.    Subsequent
Events  

Management has evaluated events subsequent to August 31, 2016,
through the date that these consolidated financial statements are being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, for
transactions and other events which may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements. 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Number   
       
       Exhibit     
 
      3.1  
       
      Articles of Incorporation of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc. (Exhibit 3.01 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-1887, is incorporated herein by reference.)   
 
      3.2  
       
      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc. (Exhibit 3.03 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-1887, is incorporated herein by reference.)   
 
      3.3  
       
      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc. (Exhibit 3.04 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-17620, is incorporated herein by reference.)   
 
      3.4  
       
      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc. (Exhibit 3.08 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 1998, is incorporated herein by reference.)   
 
      3.5  
       
      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc. (Exhibit 3.09 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2004 is incorporated herein by reference.)   
 
      3.6  
       
      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc., changing the name of the corporation to EACO Corporation. (Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 3, 2004, is incorporated herein by reference.)   
 
      3.7  
       
      Articles of Amendment Designating the Preferences of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock $0.10 Par Value of EACO Corporation (Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2004, is incorporated herein by reference.)   
 
      3.8  
       
      Articles of Amendment to Articles of Amendment Designating the Preferences of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida on December 22, 2009 (Exhibit 3.11 to the Company s transition report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2009 is incorporated herein by reference.)   
 
      3.9  
       
      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc. (Exhibit 4 to the Company s registration statement on Form 8-A, filed with the SEC on March 19, 1997, is incorporated herein by reference.)   
 
      3.10  
       
      Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc. (Exhibit 3.08 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2000, is incorporated herein by reference.)   
 
      3.11  
       
      Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws effective December 21, 2009 (Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s transition report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2009 is incorporated herein by reference.)   
 
      10.4  
       
      Business Loan Agreement dated November 9, 2007 by and between EACO Corporation and Community Bank (Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on November 29, 2011, is incorporated herein by reference.)    
 
      10.5  
       
      Promissory Note dated November 9, 2007 in the principal amount of $5,875,000 executed by EACO in favor of Community Bank (Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on November 29, 2011, is incorporated herein by reference.)   
 
      10.6  
       
      Commercial Guaranties dated November 9, 2007 executed in favor of Community Bank by each of Glen F. Ceiley, Bisco Industries, Inc. and the Glen F. Ceiley and Barbara A. Ceiley Revocable Trust (Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on November 29, 2011, is incorporated herein by reference.)   
 
      10.7  
       
      Business Loan Agreement dated June 1, 2007 by and between Bisco Industries, Inc. and Community Bank (Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on November 26, 2012, is incorporated herein by reference.)    
 
      10.8  
       
      Promissory Note dated November 15, 2000 executed by Bisco Industries, Inc. in favor of Community Bank (Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on November 26, 2012, is incorporated herein by reference.)    

Number   
       
       Exhibit     
 
      31.1*  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) pursuant to Securities and Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.1*  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      101.INS*  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH * 
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL * 
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF * 
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB * 
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE * 
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

* Filed herewith. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v453582_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT  

  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Glen Ceiley, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of EACO
Corporation; 

2.     Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.     Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.     I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a)     Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)     Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)     Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.     I have disclosed, based on my most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)     All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)     Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 23, 2016 

/s/ GLEN CEILEY  

Glen Ceiley, Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer and principal financial officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 v453582_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the annual report of
EACO Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Glen Ceiley, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.          The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.          The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 23, 2016 

/s/ GLEN CEILEY  

Glen Ceiley, Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer and   

principal financial officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 eaco-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 eaco-20160831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 eaco-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 eaco-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 eaco-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 eaco-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

