<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1096934_0000721748-16-001776_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2629732</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>85035</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>169122</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>823280</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>911855</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>557847</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>47</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000721748-16-001776.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114165159
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000721748-16-001776
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SITESTAR CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001096934
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				880397234
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27763
		FILM NUMBER:		161995681

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4026 WARDS ROAD
		STREET 2:		STE G1 #271
		CITY:			LYNCHBURG
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4342372657

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4026 WARDS ROAD
		STREET 2:		STE G1 #271
		CITY:			LYNCHBURG
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24502

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000721748-16-001776.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 site10q111116.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

  ________________________________  

FORM 10-Q  

  _______________________  

Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016  

  _______________________  

SITESTAR CORPORATION  

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Its Charter)  

  _______________________  

Commission file number  000-27763   

(434) 382-7366    

  (Issuer s telephone number, including
area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. [X] Yes [ ]  No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 [X] Yes [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definition
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
    accelerated filer [ ]  
         
      Accelerated
    filer [ ]   

Non-accelerated filer
      [ ]  
         
      Smaller reporting
    company [X]   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   

 [ ] Yes     [X]
No 

The number of shares outstanding of Common Stock, $0.001 par value
as of November 11, 2016 is 190,230,163. 

Table of Contents  

Page
    No.     
 
       CAUTIONARY
    STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

PART
    1    
 
       Item
    1.  Financial Statements  
      1   
 
      Unaudited
    Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
      1   
 
      Unaudited
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three Months and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30,
    2015 (As Restated)  
      3   
 
      Unaudited
    Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three Months and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (As
    Restated)  
      4   
 
      Unaudited
    Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (As Restated)  
      5   
 
      Unaudited
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (As Restated)  
      6   
 
      Notes
    to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      8   
 
       Item
    2.  Management s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      21   
 
       Item
    3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      26   
 
       Item
    4.  Controls and Procedures  
      26   

PART
    II    
 
       Item
    1.  Legal Proceedings  
      27   
 
       Item
    1A.  Risk Factors  
      27   
 
       Item
    2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      27   
 
       Item
    3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      27   
 
       Item
    4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  
      27   
 
       Item
    5.  Other Information  
      27   
 
       Item
    6.  Exhibits  
      28   

Signatures  
      29   

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, including, without limitation, Part I, Item 2,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  herein, contains statements that constitute  forward-looking statements  within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words  believe,   estimate,   expect, 
 intend,   anticipate,   plan  and similar expressions and variations thereof identify certain
of such forward-looking statements which speak only as of the dates on which they were made. We undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Readers
are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties
which may affect the Company's business and prospects, including changes in economic and market conditions, acceptance of the
Company s products, maintenance of strategic alliances and other factors discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, and that
actual results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.        Financial
Statements  

SITESTAR CORPORATION   

  And Subsidiaries  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Table Of Contents        1        

SITESTAR CORPORATION  

  And Subsidiaries  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.   

Table Of Contents        2        

SITESTAR CORPORATION    

   and Subsidiaries   

   UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME   

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.   

Table Of Contents        3        

SITESTAR CORPORATION    

   and Subsidiaries   

   UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   

Table Of Contents        4        

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY   

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.   

Table Of Contents        5        

SITESTAR CORPORATION    

   and Subsidiaries   

   UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

   Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 (As Restated)    

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.   

Table Of Contents        6        

SITESTAR CORPORATION    

   and Subsidiaries   

   UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)   

   Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 (As Restated)   

Table Of Contents        7        

SITESTAR CORPORATION   

   and Subsidiaries   

   NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION, SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES, AND BACKGROUND ON THE 2015 RESTATEMENT   

Organization and Lines of Business   

Sitestar Corporation (formerly White
Dove Systems, Inc., and then Interfoods Consolidated, Inc.) was incorporated in Nevada on December 17, 1992. On July 26, 1999,
the Company restated its Articles of Incorporation to change the name of the Company to  Sitestar Corporation.  Unless
the context otherwise requires, and when used in this Report, the  Company,   Sitestar,   we, 
 our  or  us  refers to Sitestar Corporation and its subsidiaries.  

The Company operates through four
reportable segments: Corporate, Internet Operations, Real Estate Operations, and HVAC Operations. The management of the Company
is also currently reviewing investment opportunities in the public and private markets, including in other lines of business.  

Corporate     

The corporate segment includes any
revenue or expenses derived from corporate office operations as well as expenses related to public company reporting, the oversight
of subsidiaries, and other items that affect the overall Company. Sitestar also invests in marketable securities through the corporate
segment.  

Internet Operations    

The Company operates its internet
operations through Sitestar.net, a wholly-owned subsidiary that offers consumer and business-grade internet access, wholesale
managed modem services, web hosting, and various ancillary services. Sitestar.net provides services to customers in the United
States and Canada.  

Real Estate Operations    

Sitestar owns a real estate investment
portfolio that includes residential properties, vacant land, and one commercial property. Our real estate portfolio is primarily
focused in the Roanoke and Lynchburg areas of Virginia. The portfolio includes single family homes that are currently rented and
managed through a third-party property manager, as well as vacant properties being prepared or currently listed for sale. Pursuant
to the approval of the Board of Directors, we are pursuing an orderly liquidation of our real estate portfolio. We do not have
an estimate for how long it will take to complete this liquidation, if ever.  

HVAC Operations    

The Company operates its HVAC operations
through HVAC Value Fund, LLC. HVAC Value Fund is focused on the acquisition and management of HVAC companies in Arizona and throughout
the Southwest. As previously reported in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2016, we, along with JNJ
Investments, LLC, an unaffiliated third party and member of HVAC Value Fund, LLC, organized and launched this subsidiary on June
13, 2016. Sitestar has a 100% voting interest in HVAC Value Fund and JNJ Investments has the ability to earn a profits interests.
Per the signed operating agreement, the Company has first claim to a portion of net income, with the remainder being allocated
between the Company and JNJ Investments. JNJ Investments shall also be subject to a Loss Carryforward limitation in the event
of a net loss.  

As of September 30, 2016, HVAC Value
Fund had closed on four acquisitions for an aggregate purchase price of $1.14 million, two of which occurred in the quarter ended
September 30, 2016. As previously reported in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2016, the purpose
of HVAC Value Fund is to acquire HVAC businesses. Accordingly, these four acquisitions were made in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with the customs and practices (including with respect to nature, scope, magnitude, quantity, frequency and contemplated
purpose) of HVAC Value Fund, and, in turn, the Company.  

Table Of Contents        8        

Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   (Continued)   

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION, SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES, AND BACKGROUND ON THE 2015 RESTATEMENT   (Continued)   

Principles of Consolidation   

The accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries including: Sitestar.net,
Inc., FRE Enterprises, Inc., Advanced Internet Services, Inc., NetRover Inc., and HVAC Value Fund, LLC. All intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated.  

Background on the 2015 restatement   

As previously reported in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 18, 2016, on December 3, 2015 Sitestar s former auditor notified the independent
Directors of the Company of his concerns about several related party transactions and what the former auditor considered to be
former management s inadequate responses regarding these matters. The former auditor had not previously disclosed these
concerns to the independent Directors and had not included the independent Directors in previous communications on the matter.  

The independent Directors requested
information from former management on December 7, 2015 and believed the responses from former management to be inadequate. The
independent Directors provided former management with an additional opportunity to explain the issues on December 14, 2015 and
again found the responses to be lacking. Accordingly, the Board of Directors voted to terminate the former CEO and place the now
former CFO on probation. An independent Director, Steven L. Kiel, was appointed as the interim CEO during that meeting.  

Directors also voted to form an
Audit Committee at the December 14, 2015 meeting and appointed two independent Directors to the Committee. Among other things,
the Audit Committee was tasked with reviewing and approving the engagement with an outside auditor.  

Also at the December 14, 2015 meeting,
Directors agreed to engage outside legal counsel to lead an investigation into the allegations by the Company s former auditor.
Legal counsel engaged an accounting firm to carry out an analysis of a range of transactions over the previous five years. The
information above was originally detailed in 8-K filings on December 15, 2015 and December 29, 2015. A final investigation report
was delivered to management in February 2016. This report served as the basis for a lawsuit filed by the Company against the former
CEO, Mr. Erhartic, in April 2016. This lawsuit is described more fully in Part II, Item 1,  Legal Proceedings .  

The results of the investigation,
along with the problematic items identified by the former auditor and the accounting firm engaged to conduct the investigation,
led the Company to make the decision that it was necessary to restate the 2014 10-K as well as the interim reports for 2014 and
2015.  

Results in this quarterly report
include the restated comparison figures for the corresponding interim periods of fiscal 2015. Adjustments to asset and liability
balances for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 are related primarily to previous errors related to the fair value analysis
and capitalization policy for real estate properties held for investment and resale, errors in the revenue recognition criteria,
errors in the calculation of depreciation, errors in the calculation of tax expenses, and cut-off deficiencies related to quarter-end
accruals.  

Adjustments to cost of revenue for
the quarter ended September 30, 2015 are related to previous errors in the accrual of expenses. Adjustments to operating expenses
are related to errors in the accrual of salaries, errors in the accrual of expenses, errors in the calculation of bad debts, errors
in the calculation of depreciation in the real estate segment and in property and equipment, reclassifications of expenses related
to disputed use of funds by the former CEO, and clerical errors. Adjustments to other income are related to errors in the reporting
of currency translations.  

Table Of Contents        9        

Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   (Continued)   

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Basis of Presentation   

The unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared by Sitestar Corporation, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). The information furnished herein reflects all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals and adjustments),
which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly present the operating results for the respective periods. Certain
information and footnote disclosures normally present in annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with
U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. These financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes for the year ended December
31, 2015 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 18, 2016 (the  2015 Form
10-K ). The comparative results for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015 included in the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-Q reflect restated amounts, as described in and reported under the
2015 Form 10-K. The results for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the
results to be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2016.  

Use of Estimates   

In accordance with Accounting Principles
Generally Accepted in the United State of America (GAAP), the preparation of these financial statements requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  

On an ongoing basis, management
evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, accrued expenses, financing operations,
goodwill valuation, other assets, and contingencies and litigation. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical
experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. These accounting policies are described
at relevant sections in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

For purposes of the statements of
cash flows, the Company defines cash equivalents as all highly liquid instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or
less.  

Concentration of Credit Risk   

Financial instruments, which potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist of cash and accounts receivable. The Company places its cash with
high quality financial institutions and, at times, may exceed the FDIC and CDIC insurance limit. The Company extends credit based
on an evaluation of customers  financial condition, generally without collateral.  Exposure to losses on receivables
is principally dependent on each customer s financial condition. The Company monitors its exposure for credit losses and
maintains allowances for anticipated losses.  

Investments   

The Company currently holds and
makes investments in marketable securities through its corporate operations. Marketable securities held are classified as available-for-sale
based on management s intent. The classification of the investments in these marketable securities is assessed upon purchase
and reassessed at each reporting period. These investments are recorded at fair value and are classified as marketable securities
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains (losses) are categorized as Other Comprehensive Income. Realized
gains (losses) on marketable securities are determined by specific identification. Interest is recognized on an accrual basis;
dividends are recorded as earned on the ex-dividend date. Interest and dividend income are recorded in the accompanying unaudited
condensed statements of income in interest expense, net.  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   (Continued)   

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   (Continued)   

Accounts Receivable   

The Company grants credit in the
form of unsecured accounts receivable to its customers. The estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts, which is charged
off to bad debt expense, is based on management s assessment of current economic conditions and historical collection experience
with each customer. Specific customer receivables are considered past due when they are outstanding beyond their contractual terms
and are charged off to the allowance for doubtful accounts when account is individually determined to be uncollectible or account
is more than 180 days past due.  

Sales of internet services, which
are not automatically processed via credit card or bank account drafts, have been the Company s highest exposure to collection
risk. The Company attempts to reduce this risk by including a late payment fee and a manual processing payment fee to customer
accounts. Receivables more than ninety days past due are no longer included in accounts receivable and are turned over to a collection
agency. Accounts more than 30 days are considered past due.   

Sales of HVAC services are typically
paid via credit card or check upon completion of service. Sales that are not collected upon completion are generally to existing
and repeat customers who have established a track record of timely payments. Historically, HVAC has not encountered issues with
collectability of customer accounts. Accounts more than 30 days are considered past due.  

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   

In accordance with GAAP, long-lived
assets to be held and used are analyzed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying
amounts may not be recoverable.  

The Company evaluates at each balance
sheet date whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate possible impairment. If there are indications of
impairment, the Company uses future undiscounted cash flows of the related asset or asset grouping over the remaining life in
measuring whether the assets are recoverable. In the event such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the recorded
asset values, the assets are written down to their estimated fair value. Long-lived assets to be disposed are reported at the
lower of carrying amount or fair value of the asset less cost to sell.  

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment are recorded
at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based on estimated useful lives from three to seven years for
equipment and vehicles, fifteen years for building improvements, and thirty-nine years for buildings. Expenditures for maintenance
and repairs are charged to operations as incurred while renewals and betterments are capitalized. Gains and losses on disposals
are included in the results of operations.  

Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets   

Goodwill is the excess of the purchase
price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in business combinations accounted for under the acquisition method
of accounting. The Company does not amortize goodwill. The Company tests its goodwill annually during the fourth quarter of its
fiscal year or when events and circumstances indicate that those assets might not be recoverable.  

Impairment testing of goodwill is
required at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below operating segment) and involves a two-step process.
Prior to performing the two-step impairment test, the Company may make a qualitative assessment of the likelihood of goodwill
impairment in order to determine whether a detailed quantitative analysis is required. The first step of the impairment test involves
comparing the estimated fair values of the Company s reporting units with the reporting units  carrying amounts, including
goodwill. The Company estimates the fair value of its reporting units using discounted expected future cash flows. If the carrying
amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a second step is performed to compare the carrying amount of goodwill to
the implied fair value of that goodwill. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an
impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess.  

The Company performs an analysis
of its goodwill as of December 31 annually.  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   (Continued)   

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   (Continued)   

Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets   (Continued)   

Other intangible assets consist
of customer relationships, developed technology and software, trade names, and other assets acquired in conjunction with the purchases
of businesses or purchases of assets from other companies. When management determines material intangible assets are acquired
in conjunction with the purchase of a business, the Company determines the fair values of the identifiable intangible assets by
taking into account management s own analysis and an independent third party valuation specialist s appraisal. Intangible
assets determined to have definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives.  

The Company owns more than 125 domain
names. These domains are valued at historical cost.  

Real Estate   

Real estate properties held for
resale are carried at the lower of cost or fair market value. All costs directly related to the improvement and carrying of real
estate are capitalized, including renovations and property taxes, to the extent the capitalized costs of the property do not exceed
the estimated fair value of the property. If the cost of the real estate exceeds the estimated fair value, the excess is charged
to expense. Fair value is estimated based on comparable sales in the geographic area the real estate is located and tax assessed
values. Fair value is evaluated annually by management, or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value
of the real estate may not be recoverable.  

Real estate properties held for
investment are carried at the cost basis plus additional expenses where the expense extended the life or added value to the property.
Otherwise, the expense is not capitalized and is charged to expense. Properties categorized as real estate held for investment
are not expected by management to be sold in the next 12 months. This determination is periodically reviewed by management.  

Accrued Expenses   

Accrued expenses represent incurred
but not yet paid expenses from Sales and Use taxes for ISP services, vacation accruals, and other payroll accruals.  

Deferred Revenue   

Deferred revenue represents collections
from customers in advance of internet services to be performed. Revenue is recognized in the period service is provided.  

Revenue Recognition   

Internet Operations     

The Company sells internet services
under annual and monthly contracts. Under the annual contracts, the subscriber pays a one-time annual fee, which is recognized
as revenue ratably over the life of the contract. Under the monthly contracts, the subscriber is billed monthly and revenue is
recognized for the period to which the service relates. Sales of computer hardware are recognized as revenue upon delivery
and acceptance of the product by the customer. Sales are adjusted for any returns or allowances.  

The Company generates revenue in
its internet segment from consumer and business-grade internet access, wholesale managed modem services for downstream ISPs, web
hosting, and various ancillary services in the United States and Canada. Services include narrow-band (dial-up and ISDN) and broadband
services (DSL, fiber-optic and wireless), web hosting, and additional related services to consumers and businesses. Customers
may downgrade from internet access to web hosting plans to include email access and storage. In some years, this shift can be
significant. Internet revenue is affected by the changing composition of revenue sources.  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   (Continued)   

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   (Continued)   

Real Estate Operations     

Revenue from real estate held for
resale is recognized upon closing of the sale, as all conditions for full revenue recognition have been met at that time. All
costs associated with the property sold are removed from the consolidated balance sheets and charged to cost of revenue at that
time.  

Rental revenue from real estate
held for investment is recognized when it is due, generally on the first of each month or at another regular period agreed upon
between the Company and the tenant. If payments are not provided in a timely manner, the amount due is designated as an account
receivable. Accounts receivable from rental revenue are generally considered unrecoverable after 90 days unless the Company reasonably
believes that recovery is probable. Tenants generally provide a security deposit at the time of possession. This deposit is held
separate from revenue and only applied to revenue when rental payment comparable to the security deposit amount is not provided
in a timely manner and considered unlikely to be recovered. Otherwise, the security deposit is returned in a timely manner after
the property is surrendered back to the Company.  

HVAC Operations     

The company performs HVAC service
repairs and installs HVAC units for its customers. Revenue is recognized at the time of the install or service call. Sales are
adjusted for any returns or allowances. If an install is performed over multiple days, it is accounted for using work in process
(WIP) accounting in accordance with GAAP. If payment is not provided in advance or at the time of service or installation, the
amount due is designated as an account receivable.  

Income Taxes   

Income taxes are accounted for under
the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future
tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets
and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities
using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws
and rates on the date of enactment. The most recent three tax years are open to potential IRS examination.  

Income Per Share   

The basic income per common share
is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.
 Diluted income per common share is computed similar to basic income per common share except that the denominator is increased
to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued
and if the additional common shares were dilutive. The Company has no potentially dilutive securities.    

Comprehensive Income   

Comprehensive income is the result
of two items: the impact of foreign currency translations related to the Company s operations in Canada, and the unrealized
gains (losses) from marketable securities classified as available-for-sale.  

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In February 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842). The guidance in ASU 2016-02 supersedes the lease recognition requirements in ASC
Topic 842, Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising from a lease for both financing
and operating leases, along with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We are required to adopt this standard in the first quarter
of 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the effect this standard will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements.   

Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   (Continued)   

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   (Continued)   

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
  (Continued)   

In August 2015, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2015-14, which defers the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) 
by one year. As a result, the ASU is now effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December
15, 2017. ASU No. 2014-09 provides comprehensive guidance on the recognition of revenue from customers arising from the transfer
of goods and services. The ASU also provides guidance on accounting for certain contract costs, and requires new disclosures.
Early adoption is not permitted. We are required to adopt this standard in the first quarter of 2018. The initial application
of the standard is not expected to significantly impact the Company.   

In November 2015, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes  (Topic 740). The ASU provides guidance related to the classifications of deferred
income tax assets and liabilities into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are classified as current or noncurrent based on the classification of the related asset or liability
for financial reporting. Deferred tax assets and liabilities that are not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting
are classified according to the expected reversal date of the temporary difference. The ASU is effective for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are required to adopt
this standard in the first quarter of 2018. The initial application of the standard is not expected to significantly impact the
Company.  

In January 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-01  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities.  Although the ASU retains many of the current requirements for financial instruments, it significantly revises
an entity s accounting related to (1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the
presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. It also amends certain disclosure
requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. The ASU is effective for annual periods and interim periods
within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017; earlier adoption is permitted under certain criteria. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows.  

NOTE 3. INVESTMENTS   

The Company may invest excess cash
in marketable securities through its corporate segment. The fair values of the Company s marketable securities are determined
in accordance with GAAP, with fair value being defined as the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should
be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.  

The following available-for-sale
securities, which comprise all of the Company s marketable securities, are re-measured to fair value on a recurring basis
and are valued using Level 1 inputs, which are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets in active markets:  

NOTE 4. FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS
AND LIABILITIES   

The Company has adopted FASB ASC
820,  Fair Value Measurements . ASC 820 defines fair value as the amount that would be received from the sale of an asset
or paid for the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. ASC 820
establishes a hierarchy for disclosing assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on the inputs used to value them. The
fair value hierarchy maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. Observable inputs are
based on market pricing data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs reflect management s
judgment about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The fair value hierarchy includes
three levels based on the objectivity of the inputs as follows:  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   (Continued)   

NOTE
4. FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES   (Continued)   

Level
                                         1 - Inputs are quoted prices in active markets as of the measurement date for identical
                                         assets and liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. This category includes
                                         exchange-traded mutual funds and equity securities.    

Level
                                         2 - Inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable
                                         for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted
                                         prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs other than quoted
                                         prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates or yield
                                         curves, that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. This category includes mortgage-backed
                                         securities, asset-backed securities, corporate debt securities, certificates of deposit,
                                         commercial paper, U.S. agency and municipal debt securities, U.S. Treasury securities
                                         and derivative contracts.    

Level
                                         3 - Inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, and include situations
                                         where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. The measurements
                                         are highly subjective.    

Following
is a descript  ion of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value.  

Assets and Liabilities Measured
at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis   

The Company valued its marketable
securities at fair value at the end of each reporting period.  

NOTE 5. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT   

The cost of property and equipment
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following:  

Depreciation expense was inconsequential
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $5,518 for the year ended December 31, 2015. Increased automobile and equipment
assets are the result of acquisitions in the HVAC operations.  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   (Continued)   

NOTE 6. REAL ESTATE   

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
owned 21 residential properties, one commercial property, and interests in several lots. The Company sold four residential properties
in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 for gross proceeds of $377,900 and net proceeds of $339,036. The carrying value of the
four properties sold was $346,802. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company sold 21 residential properties
for gross proceeds of $1,913,549 and net proceeds of $1,738,057. The carrying value of the 21 properties sold was $1,714,566.  

Real Estate Held for Investment   

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
held eight residential properties as held for investment. The leases in effect as of the quarter ended September 30, 2016 are
based on either annual or multi-year time periods and typically include month-to-month provisions after the completion of the
initial term. An outside property management company manages these rental properties on behalf of the Company. The property management
company has introduced updated and renewed leases for existing rental properties.  

Depreciation expense totaled $5,302
and $23,236 for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Total accumulated depreciation as of
September 30, 2016 totaled $72,648. These properties held for investment were carried on the balance sheet at $510,525.  

Real Estate Held for Resale   

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
held 13 residential properties, one commercial property, and several lots as held for resale. These properties held for resale
were carried on the balance sheet at $1,546,867.  

NOTE 7. NOTES PAYABLE  

Notes payable at September 30, 2016
and 2015 (as restated) consist of the following:  

On December 8, 2015, Sitestar settled
a breach of contract claim with United Systems Access, Inc., et al. in connection with the matter, United Systems Access, Inc.,
et al. v. Sitestar Corporation, Civil Action, Docket No. CV-13-161, (York County, Maine Superior Court), previously commenced
against the Company and whereby the plaintiff had alleged that the Company had failed to pay certain amounts owed on a promissory
note. The settlement required Sitestar to pay $90,000 to United Systems Access. This claim by United Systems Access was accrued
as a note payable in the amount of $900,615 as of December 31, 2013. Upon settlement of the agreement, the liability was marked
to $90,000 as of December 31, 2014. The Company paid the settlement amount in three installments on January 4, 2016, January 15,
2016, and February 11, 2016. No additional payments are due.  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   (Continued)   

NOTE 7. NOTES PAYABLE  (Continued)   

HVAC Value Fund, LLC typically structures
acquisitions where a portion of the purchase price is held back and is subject to certain conditions. These notes payable may
or may not bear interest. HVAC Value Fund made two acquisitions in the quarter ended September 30, 2016. Each acquisition involved
a note payable to the seller. The non-interest bearing note payable is due July 1, 2017 in the amount of $15,000, and is contingent
on meeting a revenue target and other operational conditions. There are three separate interest bearing notes payable as of the
quarter ended September 30, 2016. The first interest bearing note payable accrues interest at 7% annually. $25,000 is payable
on June 16, 2017 and $25,000 is payable on June 16, 2018. These payments are contingent on meeting revenue targets and other operational
conditions. The second interest bearing note payable is for $100,000 and bears interest at 6% annually. This note is due July
11, 2017 and is contingent on meeting revenue targets and other operational conditions. The third interest bearing note payable
is for $100,000 and bears interest at 7% annually. This note is due July 30, 2017 and is contingent on meeting revenue targets
and other operational conditions.  

NOTE 8. SEGMENT INFORMATION   

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
has four business units with separate management and reporting infrastructures that offer different products and services. The
business units have been aggregated into four reportable segments: Corporate, Real Estate, Internet, and HVAC.  

The corporate segment includes any
revenue or expenses derived from corporate office operations as well as expenses related to public company reporting, the oversight
of subsidiaries, and other items that affect the overall Company. Sitestar also invests in marketable securities through the corporate
segment. The real estate segment includes revenue and expenses related to the management of properties held for investment and
revenue and expenses involving the preparation and sale of properties held for resale. The internet segment includes revenue and
expenses related to the sale of internet access, hosting, storage, and other ancillary services. The HVAC segment includes revenue
and expenses derived from the acquisition and management of HVAC companies in Arizona and throughout the Southwest.  

The internet segment includes revenue
generated by operations in both the United States and Canada. In the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the internet segment generated
revenue of $331,480 in the United States and revenue of $23,904 in Canada. This compares to the quarter ended September 30, 2015
where the internet segment generated revenue of $366,606 in the United States and revenue of $26,801 in Canada.  

Summarized
financial information concerning the Company s reportable segments is shown in the following tables for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (as restated) and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (as restated). No comparable
financial information exists for the HVAC segment because it commenced operations on June 13, 2016:  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   (Continued)   

NOTE 8. SEGMENT INFORMATION   (Continued)   

In the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the internet segment generated revenue of $991,956 in the United States and revenue of $76,327 in Canada. This compares
to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 where the internet segment generated revenue of $1,134,988 in the United States and
revenue of $87,225 in Canada.  

NOTE 9. HVAC PRO FORMA INFORMATION   

As of June 17, 2016 and June 30,
2016, HVAC Value Fund, LLC completed the 100% acquisition of two HVAC subsidiaries. As of July 8, 2016, HVAC Value Fund, LLC completed
the 100% acquisition of a third subsidiary. As of July 15, 2016, HVAC Value Fund, LLC completed the 100% acquisition of a fourth
subsidiary. These subsidiaries engage in providing heating, ventilation, and air conditioning services, installation, and repairs
to residential and commercial customers. As a result of the acquisitions, HVAC Value Fund, LLC will offer and expand heating,
ventilation, and air conditioning services to customers in Arizona and the surrounding southwestern states. As previously reported
in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2016, the purpose of HVAC Value Fund is to acquire HVAC businesses.
Accordingly, these four acquisitions were made in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the customs and practices
(including with respect to nature, scope, magnitude, quantity, frequency and contemplated purpose) of HVAC Value Fund, and, in
turn, the Company.  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   (Continued)   

NOTE 9. HVAC PRO FORMA INFORMATION
  (Continued)   

The acquired businesses contributed
revenues of $906,910 and earnings of $66,370 to HVAC Value Fund, LLC during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. The
following unaudited pro forma summaries present consolidated information of HVAC Value Fund, LLC as if the current year business
combinations had occurred on January 1, 2015. Management notes that the pro forma information for the period ended September 30,
2016 was calculated using annualized, unaudited 2015 financial information, as information for the period from January 1, 2016
through the applicable subsidiary closing date is unavailable.  

As previously reported in our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2016, Sitestar has a 100% voting interest in HVAC Value Fund and JNJ Investments
has the ability to earn a profits interests. Pro forma earnings for the period ended September 30, 2016 and for the year ended
December 31, 2015 are reported as gross without deducting the profits share that otherwise would be attributable to JNJ Investments
in accordance with the operating agreement between Sitestar Corporation and JNJ Investments.  

HVAC Value Fund, LLC did not have
any material, nonrecurring pro forma adjustments directly attributable to the business combination included in the reported pro
forma revenue and earnings.  

The following tables summarize the
consideration transferred to acquire each subsidiary and the amounts of identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed at
the acquisition dates. Management continues to evaluate the valuation components of each acquisition on an ongoing basis.  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   (Continued)   

NOTE 9. HVAC PRO FORMA INFORMATION
  (Continued)   

The goodwill amounts noted above
are attributable to the workforce of the acquired subsidiaries and the significant synergies expected to arise after acquisition
by HVAC Value Fund, LLC. All of the goodwill was assigned to the HVAC segment.  

Management notes that the purchase
price allocations above are deemed preliminary for valuation purposes and management reserves the right to adjust the allocations
for the one year period allotted.  

NOTE 10. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
AND BAD DEBT EXPENSE   

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 (as restated), bad debt expense was $1,407 and $33,800, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 (as restated), accounts receivable were $257,770 and $18,799, respectively. The increase in accounts receivable
is primarily the result of the formation of the HVAC subsidiary. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 (as restated), accounts receivable
consisted of the following:  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements   (Continued)   

NOTE 11. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

As of November 11, 2016, our subsidiary,
HVAC Value Fund, LLC, has completed five acquisitions in the HVAC (Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning) industry, one of
the five acquisitions was completed subsequent to September 30, 2016. This most recent acquisition was previously reported in
our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2016. Included in other current assets for the quarter ended September
30, 2016 is $315,780 for good faith consideration paid related to this acquisition. As previously reported in our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2016, the purpose of HVAC Value Fund is to acquire HVAC businesses. Accordingly, these
five acquisitions were made in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the customs and practices (including with respect
to nature, scope, magnitude, quantity, frequency and contemplated purpose) of HVAC Value Fund, and, in turn, the Company. Also,
as previously reported in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2016, as of October 1, 2016, the Company
has contributed additional capital in the amount of $500,000 to HVAC Value Fund.  

On October 11, 2016, Sitestar organized
Willow Oak Asset Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( Willow Oak ). Sitestar is the sole member
of Willow Oak. Willow Oak was formed in preparation of pursuing a new business opportunity with Alluvial Capital Management, LLC,
as described in Part I, Item 2,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
below. To date, Willow Oak has yet to carry out any material business or have any material assets or liabilities.  

As previously reported in our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2016, on November 1, 2016, the Company appointed Rodney E. Lake as Chief
Operating Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Company. In his capacity as Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Lake will serve as the
Company s principal operating officer.  

As previously reported in our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2016, on November 7, 2016, Sitestar accepted and closed upon subscriptions
from a private placement of shares of common stock of the Company in the amount of $1,625,975 and issued 32,519,504 shares of
common stock in connection therewith. Immediately following this private placement, the Company had a total of 204,152,616 issued
shares of common stock and 190,230,163 outstanding shares of common stock.  

Item 2.     Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

This section is intended to provide
readers of our financial statements information regarding our financial condition, results of operations, and items that management
views as important. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated
financial statements and related footnotes for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. The discussion of results, causes and trends
should not be construed to imply any conclusion that such results or trends will necessarily continue in the future.  

Overview   

Sitestar Corporation ( Sitestar, 
the  Company,  or  we ) operates under four segments:  

Corporate:
                                          The corporate segment includes any revenue or expenses derived from corporate office
                                         operations as well as expenses related to public company reporting, the oversight of
                                         subsidiaries, and other items that affect the overall Company. Sitestar also invests
                                         in marketable securities through the corporate segment.    

Internet
                                         Operations:  The Company operates its internet operations through Sitestar.net, a
                                         wholly owned subsidiary that offers consumer and business-grade internet access, wholesale
                                         managed modem services, web hosting, and various ancillary services. Sitestar.net provides
                                         services and support to customers in the United States and Canada.    

Real
                                         Estate Operations:  Sitestar owns a real estate investment portfolio that includes
                                         residential properties, vacant land, and one commercial property. Our real estate portfolio
                                         is primarily focused in the Roanoke and Lynchburg areas of Virginia. The portfolio includes
                                         single family homes that are currently rented and managed through a third-party property
                                         manager, as well as vacant properties being prepared or currently listed for sale. Pursuant
                                         to the approval of the Board of Directors, we are pursuing an orderly liquidation of
                                         our real estate portfolio. We do not have an estimate for how long it will take to complete
                                         this liquidation, if ever.    

Item 2.     Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   (Continued)   

Overview   (Continued)   

HVAC
                                         Operations:  The Company operates its HVAC Operations through HVAC Value Fund, LLC,
                                         a wholly-owned subsidiary focused on the acquisition and management of HVAC companies
                                         in Arizona and throughout the Southwest. As previously reported in our Current Report
                                         on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2016, we, along with JNJ Investments, LLC,
                                         an unaffiliated third party and member of HVAC Value Fund, LLC, organized and launched
                                         this subsidiary on June 13, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, HVAC Value Fund had closed
                                         on four acquisitions totaling $1,140,000. Subsequent to the quarter ended September 30,
                                         2016, HVAC Value Fund closed on one additional acquisition totaling $315,000.    

Summary of Financial Performance   

Common stockholders  equity
increased from $3,871,633 at June 30, 2016 to $7,762,511 at September 30, 2016. The change was mostly attributable to $3,854,929
of additional common stock issued. This change was also driven by $20,718 in comprehensive income from the real estate segment,
$285,625 of comprehensive income in the internet segment, $66,370 in comprehensive income in the HVAC segment, and $21,694 of
other comprehensive loss in the corporate segment. The other loss attributable to the corporate segment was primarily the result
of unrealized capital losses from investments in marketable securities. Corporate expenses for the quarter totaled $317,208.  

Balance Sheet Analysis   

This section provides an overview
of changes in our assets, liabilities, and equity and should be read together with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements, including the accompanying notes to the financial statements. The table below provides a balance sheet summary for
the periods presented and is designed to provide an overview of the balance sheet changes from quarter to quarter.  

Item 2.     Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   (Continued)   

Results of operations   

Corporate    

In the quarter ended September 30,
2016 the corporate segment did not produce revenue. A total of $21,694 of other comprehensive loss was generated as a result of
unrealized capital losses from the ownership of marketable securities. Expenses totaled $317,208. This compares to corporate expenses
of $71,420 incurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2015. Expenses were higher during the quarter ended September 30, 2016
compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased accounting expenses, increased legal expenses, and
increased consulting expenses. This was offset by decreased dues and subscription expense, decreased insurance expense, and decreased
rent expense. We paid no rent towards the corporate office during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. This office was vacated
January 15, 2016.  

Real Estate Operations    

As of September 30, 2016, we owned
21 residential properties, one commercial property, and interests in several lots. In 2008, the Company had implemented a program
to redirect cash generated from the internet operations into the purchase and renovation of real estate. This program was abolished
with the change in management on December 14, 2015. New management determined that it was unlikely that an acceptable return could
be made by continuing to pursue the real estate acquisition and renovation policy. Accordingly, we are pursuing efforts in this
segment to liquidate portions of the real estate portfolio in an orderly fashion. It is likely that this liquidation will take
several years to fully complete.  

In the quarter ended September 30,
2016, we sold four residential properties for gross proceeds of $377,900. Net proceeds totaled $339,036. This compares to their
carrying value of $346,802. No properties were acquired during this time period or subsequent to the quarter ending. We continue
to market for sale or prepare to market for sale each property in the held for resale category. Properties have either sold as-is
or have been repaired and upgraded before being listed for sale. Several real estate agents have been engaged to market the remaining
properties listed for resale.  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
held 13 residential properties, one commercial property, and several lots as held for resale. These properties held for resale
were carried on the balance sheet at $1,546,867. As of September 30, 2016, the Company held eight residential properties as held
for investment. These properties held for investment were carried on the balance sheet at $510,525. This compares to the quarter
ended June 30, 2016 when real estate held for resale totaled $1,566,897 and real estate held for investment totaled $769,360.  

Eight properties were current with
regards to tenant payments as of September 30, 2016. We engaged a third-party property management company on January 15, 2016
to manage these rental properties. The leases in effect as of the quarter ended June 30, 2016 are based on either annual or multi-year
time periods and include month-to-month provisions after the completion of the initial term. The property management company has
introduced updated and renewed leases for existing rental properties.  

During the quarter ended September
30, 2016, the Company generated rental revenue of $27,023, net of bad debt expense. The cost of revenue totaled $11,104. This
compared to rental revenue of $31,550, net of bad debt during the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The cost of revenue during
the comparison period totaled $22,842. The increase in rental revenue was the result of improved rent collections due to the management
by our third-party property manager.  

Depreciation expense totaled $5,302
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. Total accumulated depreciation as of September 30, 2016 totaled $72,648.  

Internet Operations  
Sitestar.net    

The focus of our internet segment
is to generate cash flow, work to make as many of our costs variable, and reinvest in our operations when an acceptable return
is available.  

Item 2.     Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   (Continued)   

Internet Operations  
Sitestar.net    (Continued)   

Revenue attributed to the internet
segment during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 totaled $355,384. While this was a decrease of $38,023 when compared to revenue
generated in this segment during the quarter ended September 30, 2015 totaling $393,407, it was consistent with revenue reported
by this segment in the quarter ended June 30, 2016 of $356,815. The year over year decline from the quarters ended September 30,
2015 and 2016 was 9.7%. This was an improvement from the year over decline of 12.5% reported at the quarter ended June 30, 2016
compared to the quarter ended June 30, 2015. The year over year revenue decline is the result of fewer customer renewals and the
absence of new customers. Other income attributable to the internet segment during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 includes
$90,000 from the sale of a block of IP addresses that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  

The cost of revenue during the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 totaled $70,290. This was a decrease of $109,046 when compared to the cost of revenue in this segment
during the quarter ended September 30, 2015 totaling $179,336. This decrease was the result of decreased revenues and our work
to restructure vender contracts and reduce fixed costs.  

The table below provides a summary
of income statement figures over time. These figures are specific to the internet segment and are presented for the quarterly
periods designated below.  

Management has the resources to
identify the current market value for domain names in order to assess potential income opportunities. Management also evaluates
domain names available for purchase in order to generate new revenue from customers who utilize the domains.  

Effective January 1, 2016, we have
improved our internal reporting in the internet segment. As of September 30, 2016, we have a total of 7,793 customer accounts
in both our U.S. and Canada operations. No comparison figures from the quarter ended September 30, 2015 exist. As of June 30,
2016, we had a total of 8,093 customer accounts in both our U.S. and Canada operations. Our current mix of customers consists
of approximately 74% internet access and 26% web hosting and storage.  

Approximately 89% of our customer
accounts are managed by our U.S. operations and 11% of our customer accounts are managed by our Canada operations. Revenue generated
by our U.S. operations totaled $331,480 and revenue generated by our Canada operations totaled $23,904 during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016. This compares to revenue generated by our U.S. operations of $366,606 and revenue generated by our Canada
operations of $26,801 during the quarter ended September 30, 2015.  

We closed our Canada office on February
29, 2016 and terminated the employment of two employees. We now service our Canada customers remotely and utilize one full time
employee in Canada.  

Item 2.     Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   (Continued)   

HVAC Operations   HVAC
Value Fund, LLC    

The Company operates its HVAC operations
through HVAC Value Fund, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary focused on the acquisition and management of HVAC companies in Arizona
and throughout the Southwest. As previously reported in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2016, we,
along with JNJ Investments, LLC, an unaffiliated third party and member of HVAC Value Fund, LLC, organized and launched this subsidiary
on June 13, 2016. HVAC Value Fund closed on two acquisitions totaling $225,000 in June. During the quarter ended September 30,
2016, HVAC Value Fund closed on two acquisitions totaling $915,000. Subsequent to the quarter ended September 30, 2016, HVAC Value
Fund closed on one additional acquisition totaling $315,000. As previously reported in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
the SEC on June 14, 2016, the purpose of HVAC Value Fund is to acquire HVAC businesses. Accordingly, all of our acquisitions were
made in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the customs and practices (including with respect to nature, scope,
magnitude, quantity, frequency and contemplated purpose) of HVAC Value Fund, and, in turn, the Company.  

Our HVAC operations generated revenue
of $906,910 during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. Cost of revenue totaled $649,881 and operating expenses totaled $219,537.
Other comprehensive expense totaled $1,122. The other comprehensive expense is related to the interest portion of the notes payable
incurred by the HVAC Value Fund. Comprehensive income for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 totaled $66,370. No comparable
figures exist for 2015.  

Financial Condition, Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

Cash and equivalents totaled $1,668,948
at quarter end September 30, 2016 compared to $946,665 at quarter end June 30, 2016 as a result of the sale of real estate properties
and the issuance of stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. During this time period, net accounts receivable increased
to $257,771 from $28,257 primarily due to the launch of operations in our HVAC subsidiary.  

Accounts payable increased to $105,132
at quarter end September 30, 2016 compared to $80,083 at quarter end June 30, 2016. Accrued expenses increased to $144,125 from
$36,639 during this time period. Deferred revenue decreased to $241,174 from $252,612 during this time period.  

We currently believe that our existing
balances of cash, cash equivalents, and cash generated from operations and from the sale of our real estate portfolio will be
sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future.
The Company does not have significant long-term debt. Our liquidity could be negatively affected if we were to make an acquisition,
which may necessitate the need to raise capital through future debt or equity financing. Additional financing may not be available
at all or on terms favorable to us.  

The aging of accounts receivable
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is as shown:  

Item 2.     Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   (Continued)   

Contractual Obligations    

On June 13, 2016, we entered into
an agreement with HVAC Value Fund, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary, in which we committed to contribute an additional $1 million
of capital to the subsidiary if certain benchmarks are met. As of November 11, 2016, $500,000 of this additional capital commitment
has been met and contributed to HVAC Value Fund. The earliest that this additional capital commitment would be contractually due
for contribution is June 30, 2017. However, as previously reported in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October
6, 2016, on September 8, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized the Company to accelerate its existing commitment
to make additional capital contributions to HVAC Value Fund, and the Company expects to contribute to HVAC Value Fund the remainder
of the amount of this additional capital commitment when and as HVAC Value Fund requires the same for its business, acquisition
and/or investment activities.  

As previously reported in our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 19, 2016, on September 19, 2016, the Company announced that it had entered
into a letter of intent agreement with Alluvial Capital Management, LLC ( Alluvial Capital ) to make a seed investment
in a soon to be launched private investment partnership. Alluvial Capital will act as the general partner and the Company will
invest in the private investment partnership as a limited partner.  

The Company has agreed to make a
seed investment totaling $10,000,000 in the private investment partnership to be provided over several tranches. The Company is
obligated to provide $2.5 million at launch. This commitment will be funded through cash on hand and through the proceeds of one
or more private placements. In conjunction with the investment, the Company is developing an asset management subsidiary.  

We have no other meaningful long-term
debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or other long-term liabilities
as of September 30, 2016.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    

We are not a party to any material
off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016.  

Item 3.   Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

This item is not required by smaller
reporting companies.  

Item 4.    Controls
and Procedures    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures   

As of September 30, 2016, management,
with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange
Act. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file
or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
Because of inherent limitations, any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable,
and not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objective. Based  upon their
evaluation, and based upon  material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified as of  the
date of our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting , our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2016. Management
is aware of these deficiencies and is working diligently to improve the relevant controls and procedures; provided, however, there
can be no assurance that such relevant controls and procedures will be improved or, even if improved, that such improved controls
and procedures will be effective.  

Item 4.    Controls
and Procedures   (Continued)   

Changes in Our Internal Control
over Financial Reporting   

No change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting subsequent to the
date of our most recent evaluation of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings   

On April 12, 2016, Sitestar filed
a civil action complaint against Frank Erhartic, Jr. (the  Former CEO ), the Company s former CEO and director
and currently an owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of the Company s Common Stock, alleging, among
other things, that the Former CEO engaged in, and caused the Company to engage in to its detriment, a series of unauthorized and
wrongful related party transactions, including causing the Company to borrow certain amounts from the Former CEO s mother
unnecessarily and at a commercially unreasonable rate of interest, converting certain funds of the Company for personal rent payments
to the Former CEO, commingling in land trusts certain real properties owned by the Company and real properties owned by the Former
CEO, causing the Company to pay certain amounts to the Former CEO for lease payments under an unauthorized lease as to a storage
facility owned by the Former CEO, causing the Company to pay rent on its corporate headquarters owned by the Former CEO s
ex-wife in amounts commercially unreasonable and excessive and to make real estate tax payments thereon for the personal benefit
of the Former CEO, converting to the Former CEO and/or absconding with five motor vehicles owned by the Company, causing the Company
to pay real property and personal property taxes on numerous properties owned personally by the Former CEO, causing the Company
to pay personal credit card debt of the Former CEO, causing the Company to significantly overpay the Former CEO s health
and dental insurance for the benefit of the Former CEO, and causing the Company to pay the Former CEO s personal automobile
insurance. The Company is seeking, among other relief available, monetary damages in excess of $350,000. This litigation matter
is currently pending in the Circuit Court for the City of Lynchburg (Lynchburg, Virginia).  

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

This item is not required by smaller
reporting companies.  

Item 2. 
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

As previously reported in our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 11, 2016, on August 10, 2016, the Company accepted and closed upon subscriptions
from a private placement of shares of common stock of the Company (the  Private Placement ) in the amount of $3,854,719,
and issued 80,306,649 shares of its common stock in connection therewith. Immediately following the Private Placement as of August
11, 2016, the Company had a total of 171,633,112 issued shares of common stock and 157,710,659 outstanding shares of common stock.  

The issuance of shares of common
stock of the Company pursuant to the Private Placement was a private placement to  accredited investors  (as that
term is defined under Rule 501 of Regulation D), and was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 ( Securities
Act ), in reliance upon Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D Rule 506, as a transaction by an issuer not
involving a public offering.  

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior
Securities   

None.  

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not applicable.  

Item 5.  Other Information   

None.  

Item 6. 
Exhibits   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

SITESTAR CORPORATION  

Date: November 11, 2016 

By: 

/s/ Steven L. Kiel  

Steven L. Kiel  

President, Chief Executive Officer,
and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer and
Principal Accounting Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 site10q111116ex31_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, Steven L. Kiel, certify that: 

1.  
      I have
    reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sitestar Corporation;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
    13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluations; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
    to the registrant s auditors and the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
    and   

b)  
      Any fraud,
    whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 11, 2016 

By: 

/s/ Steven L. Kiel  

Steven L. Kiel  

Chief Executive Officer  

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 site10q111116ex31_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

I, Steven L. Kiel, certify that: 

1.  
      I have
    reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sitestar Corporation;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
    13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluations; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
    to the registrant s auditors and the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
    and   

b)  
      Any fraud,
    whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 11, 2016 

By: 

/s/ Steven L. Kiel  

Steven L. Kiel  

Chief Executive Officer  

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 site10q111116ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

EXHIBIT 32    

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Sitestar Corporation,
(SYTE) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, I, Steven L. Kiel, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: /s/ Steven L. Kiel 

Steven L. Kiel 

Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer 

November 11, 2016 

This certification is being furnished to the SEC with this
Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be
deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject
to liability of that section. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 syte-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 syte-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 syte-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 syte-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 syte-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 syte-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

