<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1133818_0001144204-16-132840_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1892430</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>92261</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>153131</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>385019</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>822218</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>398111</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>40</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132840.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109164840
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132840
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIO-PATH HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001133818
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				870652870
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36333
		FILM NUMBER:		161984882

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4710 BELLAIRE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			BELLAIRE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(832) 742-1357

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4710 BELLAIRE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			BELLAIRE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OGDEN GOLF CO CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010205

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132840.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451932_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

x  
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from ________________________ 

Commission file number: 001-36333 

Bio-Path Holdings, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware  
       
      87-0652870   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
       
      Identification No.)   

4710 Bellaire Boulevard, Suite 210, Bellaire,
Texas 77401 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s telephone no., including
area code: (832) 742-1357 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x  
No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x  
No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer   x   
 
      Non-accelerated filer       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      
No   x  

At November 2, 2016, the Company had 95,645,224
outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to  we,   our,   us,   the Company  and  Bio-Path 
refer to Bio-Path Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary. Bio-Path Holdings, Inc. s wholly-owned subsidiary, Bio-Path,
Inc., is sometimes referred to herein as  Bio-Path Subsidiary.  

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Forward-looking
statements can be identified by words such as  anticipate,   expect,   intend,   plan, 
 believe,   seek,   estimate,   project,   goal,   strategy, 
 future,   likely,   may,   should,   will  and variations of these
words and similar references to future periods, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking
statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based on our current beliefs, expectations
and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends,
the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent
risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances, including those discussed in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  to Part I of
our Annual Report on Form 10-K as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and in other reports or documents we file with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). As a result, our actual results may differ materially from those expressed
or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, and you should not rely on such forward-looking statements. Please refer to  Item
1A. Risk Factors  to Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and other reports
or documents we file with the SEC for a discussion of risks and factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition
to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Any forward-looking statement made by us
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on
which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information,
future developments or otherwise. However, you should carefully review the risk factors set forth in other reports or documents
we file from time to time with the SEC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
     4  

Item 1.  
       Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
     4  

Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)   
     4  

Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   
     5  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   
     6  

Notes
    to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for the Period Ended September 30, 2016   
     7  
 
      Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     14  
 
      Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
     25  
 
      Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
     25  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   
     26  

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
     26  
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
     26  
 
      Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
     26  
 
      Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
     27  
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
     27  
 
      Item 5.  
       Other Information   
     27  
 
      Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
     27  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

BIO-PATH HOLDINGS, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (In thousands, except share data)  

  (Unaudited)  

SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

BIO-PATH HOLDINGS, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (In thousands, except per share amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

BIO-PATH HOLDINGS, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

BIO-PATH
HOLDINGS, INC.   

Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial
Statements  
 for the Period Ended September 30, 2016  

Unless the context requires otherwise, references
in these Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements to  we,   our,   us,   the
Company  and  Bio-Path  refer to Bio-Path Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiary. Bio-Path Holdings, Inc. s
wholly-owned subsidiary, Bio-Path, Inc., is sometimes referred to herein as  Bio-Path Subsidiary.  

The accompanying interim financial statements have been prepared
with the instructions to Form 10-Q pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
and, therefore, do not include all information and footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of the Company s financial
position, results of operations, cash flows, and stockholders  equity in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations and financial
position have been included and all such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. The unaudited quarterly financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of the Company as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. The results of operations for the period ended September
30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results for a full-year period. 

1.  Organization and Business 

The Company is a clinical and preclinical stage oncology focused
antisense drug development company utilizing a novel technology that achieves systemic delivery for target specific protein inhibition
for any gene product that is over-expressed in disease. The Company s drug delivery and antisense technology, called DNAbilize ,
is a platform that uses P-ethoxy, which is a deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) backbone modification that is intended to protect the
DNA from destruction by the body s enzymes when circulating in vivo, incorporated inside of a neutral charged lipid bilayer.
The Company believes this combination allows for high efficiency loading of antisense DNA into non-toxic, cell-membrane-like structures
for delivery of the antisense drug substance into cells. In vivo, the DNAbilize  delivered antisense drug substances are
systemically distributed throughout the body to allow for reduction or elimination of proteins in blood diseases and solid organs. 

Using DNAbilize  as a platform for drug development
and manufacturing, we currently have two antisense drug candidates in development to treat a total of five different disease
indications. Our lead drug candidate, Liposomal Grb2 ( BP1001 ), targets the protein Grb2 and has entered the
efficacy portion of a Phase II clinical trial for acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and is preparing to enter the safety segment
of a Phase II clinical trial for blast phase and accelerated phase chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). BP1001 is also in
preclinical studies for solid tumors, including triple negative breast cancer and inflammatory breast cancer. 

The Company s second drug candidate, Liposomal Bcl2 ( BP1002 ),
targets the protein Bcl2, which is responsible for driving cell proliferation in up to 60% of all cancers. BP1002 is in preparation
for an Investigational New Drug application. 

Bio-Path Subsidiary was founded in May 2007 as a Utah corporation.
In February 2008, Bio-Path Subsidiary completed a reverse merger with Ogden Golf Co. Corporation, a public company traded over
the counter that had no current operations. The name of Ogden Golf was changed to Bio-Path Holdings, Inc. and the directors and
officers of Bio-Path, Inc. became the directors and officers of Bio-Path Holdings, Inc. The Company s operations to date
have been limited to organizing and staffing the Company, acquiring, developing and securing its technology and undertaking product
development for a limited number of product candidates. 

In June 2015, the Company established an  at the market 
( ATM ) program through which it may offer and sell up to $25.0 million of its common stock from time to time, at Bio-Path s
discretion, through an investment banking firm, acting as sales agent. Sales of Bio-Path common stock under the ATM program will
be made directly on or through the NASDAQ Capital Market, among other methods. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (as
defined below), the Company is subject to certain restrictions on its ability to offer and sell shares of common stock under the
ATM program. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has not offered or sold any shares of its common stock under the ATM program. 

On June 29, 2016, the Company entered into
the Securities Purchase Agreement with certain healthcare focused institutional investors pursuant to which the Company agreed
to sell an aggregate of 5,882,352 shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase up to 2,941,176 shares of the Company s
common stock for gross proceeds of approximately $10.0 million (the  2016 Registered Direct Offering ). The 2016 Registered
Direct Offering closed on July 5, 2016. The net proceeds to the Company from the 2016 Registered Direct Offering, after deducting
the placement agent s fees and expenses and the Company s offering expenses, and excluding the proceeds, if any, from the
exercise of the warrants issued in the offering, was approximately $9.3 million. These proceeds were partially offset by additional
financing costs incurred during the period of $0.3 million. The Company has made an accounting policy election related to the treatment
of offering costs. This election will result in the Company recording costs in the same manner dictated by the instrument attributable
for incurring these costs. 

As of September 30, 2016, Bio-Path had $11.3 million in cash
on hand. 

As the Company has not begun its planned principal operations
of commercializing a product candidate, the Company s activities are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including
the potential requirement to secure additional funding, the outcome of the Company s clinical trials, and failing to operationalize
the Company s current drug candidates before another company develops similar products. 

2.  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No.
2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The new standard provides comprehensive guidance for recognizing revenue
as goods or services are delivered to the customer in an amount that is expected to be earned from those same goods or services.
The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. Management is currently evaluating the impact of future adoption of the new standard on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-02,  Leases . The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record
a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified
as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new
standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into
after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients
available. Management is currently evaluating the impact of future adoption of the new standard on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No.
2016-09,  Stock Compensation.  The new standard simplifies certain aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award
transactions by allowing entities to continue to use current GAAP by estimating the number of awards that are expected to vest
or, alternatively, entities can elect to account for forfeitures as they occur. The new standard is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Management is currently evaluating the
impact of future potential adoption of the new standard on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Management has reviewed all other recently issued pronouncements
and has determined they will have no material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

3.  Prepaid Drug Product for Testing 

Advance payments, including nonrefundable amounts, for goods
or services that will be used or rendered for future clinical development activities are deferred and capitalized. Such amounts
will be recognized as an expense as the related goods are delivered or the related services are performed. The Company incurred
installments to its contract drug manufacturing and raw material suppliers totaling $0.6 million in late 2015 pursuant to drug
supply contracts for the manufacture and delivery of the Company s lead drug product for testing in a Phase II clinical trial.
This amount was carried on the Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015 at cost as Prepaid Drug Product for Testing. The Company recognized
certain expenses and incurred additional installment costs during 2016, with advanced payments totaling $0.2 million, which are
carried on the Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016 as Prepaid Drug Product for Testing (See Note 11). 

4.  Other Current Assets 

As of September 30, 2016, Other Current Assets included prepaid
expenses of $0.9 million, comprised primarily of prepayments made to the Company s clinical research organization for our
Phase II clinical trial for BP1001 in AML. As of December 31, 2015, Other Current Assets included prepaid expenses of $0.2 million. 

5.  Accounts Payable 

As of September 30, 2016, Current Liabilities included accounts
payable of $0.1 million, comprised primarily of amounts owed for manufacturing development and testing services, audit fees and
legal fees. By the first week of November 2016, the September 30, 2016 amounts included in accounts payable had been substantially
paid. As of December 31, 2015, Current Liabilities included accounts payable of $0.1 million. 

6.  Accrued Expense 

As of September 30, 2016, Current Liabilities included accrued
expense of $0.7 million for clinical trial expenses, preclinical studies, legal fees, accrued vacation and employee bonus accrual.
As of December 31, 2015, Current Liabilities included accrued expense of $0.9 million. 

7.  Warrant Liability 

In connection with the 2016 Registered Direct Offering, the
Company issued warrants to purchase up to 2,941,176 shares of the Company s common stock to certain healthcare focused institutional
investors, as well as warrants to purchase up to 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock to H.C. Wainwright   Co.,
LLC and its designees as compensation for its services as the placement agent (collectively, the  2016 Warrants ).
The 2016 Warrants contain a provision for net cash settlement in the event of certain fundamental transactions involving the Company
(defined in the 2016 Warrants to include, among other things, the Company s approval and consummation of a merger with another
entity, the Company s approval and consummation of the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or
the occurrence of certain other change of control transactions). 

Due to this provision and in accordance with ASC 480-10 (FASB
Statement 150, Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity), the 2016 Warrants
were classified as a liability and recorded at fair value using the Binomial Lattice Model. The estimated fair value of the Warrant
Liability for the 2016 Warrants on the closing date, July 5, 2016, was $4.6 million. As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of
the Warrant Liability was $3.2 million. The net change in fair value of $1.4 million during the quarter is shown as other income
on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company will continue to measure the fair value of the 2016 Warrants
each quarter until they are exercised or expire and any change will be adjusted accordingly on the Company s financial statements. 

8.  Fair Value Measurements 

In accordance with ASC 820, the Company uses various inputs
to measure the 2016 Warrants on a recurring basis to determine the fair value of the liability. ASC 820 also establishes a hierarchy
categorizing inputs into three levels used to measure and disclose fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted
prices available in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. An explanation of each level in the hierarchy
is described below: 

Level 1   Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for
identical instruments that are accessible by the Company on the measurement date 

Level 2   Quoted prices in markets that are not active
or inputs which are either directly or indirectly observable 

Level 3   Unobservable inputs for the instrument requiring
the development of assumptions by the Company 

The following table summarizes the Company s 2016 Warrants
measured at fair value within the hierarchy on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016: 

The Company did not have the 2016 Warrants at December 31, 2015. 

The following table summarizes changes to the fair value of
the Level 3 2016 Warrants for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The Company utilized the Binomial Lattice Model for estimating
the fair value of the 2016 Warrants using the following assumptions as of September 30, 2016: 

9.  Stockholders  Equity 

Stockholders  Equity totaled $9.4 million as of September
30, 2016 compared to $9.8 million as of December 31, 2015. There were 95,645,224 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
as of September 30, 2016. There were no preferred shares outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

10.  Stock-Based Compensation and Warrants 

The Plan   - In 2007, the Company adopted the First
Amended 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the  Plan ). The Plan provides for the grant of Incentive Stock Options,
Nonqualified Stock Options, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Unit Awards, Performance Awards and other stock-based awards,
or any combination of the foregoing to the Company s key employees, non-employee directors and consultants. Under the Plan,
the exercise price is determined by the Board of Directors or the compensation committee of the Board of Directors, and for options
intended to qualify as qualified incentive stock options, may not be less than the fair market value as determined by the closing
stock price at the date of the grant. Each option and award shall vest and expire as determined by the Board of Directors or the
compensation committee. Options expire no later than ten years from the date of grant. All grants provide for accelerated vesting
if there is a change of control, as defined in the Plan. 

Stock-based compensation expense was $0.2 million and $0.1 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. Of these amounts, stock-based compensation
expense for personnel involved in the Company s general and administrative activities for both the three months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $0.1 million. Stock-based compensation expense for personnel involved in the Company s
research and development activities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $0.1 million and $36,000,
respectively. 

Stock-based compensation expense was $0.6 million and $0.3 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. Of these amounts, stock-based compensation expense
for personnel involved in the Company s general and administrative activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015 was $0.3 million and $0.2 million, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense for personnel involved
in the Company s research and development activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015
was $0.2 million and $0.1 million, respectively. 

The Company utilized the Black-Scholes valuation model for
estimating the fair value of the stock options granted, with the following weighted average assumptions for options granted
in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following summary represents option activity under the Company s
stock-based compensation plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding
stock options was $2.4 million. The aggregate intrinsic value represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between
the Company s closing stock price on September 30, 2016 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money
options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on September 30, 2016.
This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company s stock. As of December 31, 2015, the aggregate intrinsic
value of outstanding stock options was $2.0 million. 

As of September 30, 2016, unamortized stock-based compensation
expense for all outstanding options was $2.1 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period
of 3.1 years. 

Warrants    -    There were no warrants
for services granted during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The Company had 10,000 warrants for services outstanding
as of September 30, 2016 with a weighted average exercise price of $0.90. The warrants issued in connection with the sale of units
of common stock were for cash value received and as such were not grants of compensation-based warrants. 

11.  Commitments and Contingencies 

Technology License     The Company has negotiated
an exclusive license agreement (the  License Agreement ) with The University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center ( MD
Anderson ) to develop drug delivery technology for antisense and siRNA drug products. The License Agreement requires, among
other things, the Company to reimburse MD Anderson for ongoing patent expense and an annual license maintenance fee. The annual
license maintenance fee attributable to the License Agreement totaling $0.1 million was included in Current Liabilities as of December
31, 2015 and was paid in April 2016. 

Operating Leases     In April 2014, the
Company entered into a lease agreement for a larger office space, which it occupied as of August 2014. The remaining lease
payments due under this lease as of September 30, 2016 are $0.2 million. 

In April 2016, the Company entered into a three-year lease agreement
for lab space located in Bellaire, Texas. The term of lease began on May 1, 2016 and terminates on April 30, 2019 and will require
Bio-Path to pay $2,500 per month over the term of the lease. The remaining lease payments due under this lease as of September
30, 2016 are $0.1 million. 

Drug Supplier Project Plan     Bio-Path has
a project plan agreement with a producer of the Company s drug product for the manufacture and delivery of four batches of
final drug product, three of which have been delivered to the Company as of September 30, 2016 and the fourth batch is expected
to complete production in early 2017. As of September 30, 2016, the remaining commitment for these batches requires the Company
to pay $0.1 million when the drug product from the fourth batch is completed and delivered. In addition, the Company has entered
into an agreement with its drug substance provider for two batches of material to be used in the final drug product supplier plan
with a remaining commitment totaling $0.1 million. In September 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with its drug substance
provider for four batches of material that is expected to be delivered to the Company in the first quarter 2017. The commitment
for the four batches of drug substance material total $0.9 million. The amounts paid for manufacture of the Company s Grb2
drug substance and BP1001 drug product that have not been expensed totals $0.2 million and is carried on the balance sheet as of
September 30, 2016 as Prepaid Drug Product for Testing (See Note 3). Commitments to the drug substance and drug product manufacturers
for manufacturing development of Bio-Path s second drug product candidate total $0.1 million. The balance of drug supplier
commitments totaling $0.2 million is for assay development and manufacturing and supplier development. 

Service Agreement     On September 30, 2016,
the Company entered into a service agreement with a preclinical stage biotechnology company in connection with a development project
involving our DNAbilize  technology, pursuant to which we agreed to perform certain evaluation services in exchange for $50,000.
While the agreement was entered into during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, due to the nature of the agreement, revenue will
be recorded and recognized as services are performed. As of September 30, 2016, no services had been performed and, accordingly,
no revenue was recorded or recognized during the period. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

When you read this Item of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, it is important that you also read the unaudited financial statements and related notes included elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our audited financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. We use words
such as  anticipate,   estimate,   plan,   project,   continuing, 
 ongoing,   expect,   believe,   intend,   may,   will, 
 should,   could,  and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Our actual results
could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the matters discussed
in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  to Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015,
and other risks and uncertainties discussed in filings made with the SEC. See  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional discussion regarding risks associated with forward-looking
statements.  

Overview 

We are a clinical and preclinical stage
oncology focused antisense drug development company utilizing a novel technology that achieves systemic delivery for target specific
protein inhibition for any gene product that is over-expressed in disease. Our drug delivery and antisense technology, called DNAbilize ,
is a platform that uses P-ethoxy, which is a deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) backbone modification that is intended to protect the
DNA from destruction by the body s enzymes when circulating  in vivo,  incorporated inside of a neutral charged lipid
bilayer. We believe this combination allows for high efficiency loading of antisense DNA into non-toxic, cell-membrane-like structures
for delivery of the antisense drug substance into cells.  In vivo,  the DNAbilize  delivered antisense drug substances
are systemically distributed throughout the body to allow for reduction or elimination of proteins in blood diseases and solid
organs. 

Using DNAbilize  as a platform
for drug development and manufacturing, we currently have two antisense drug candidates in development to treat a total of
five different disease indications. Our lead drug candidate, Liposomal Grb2 ( BP1001 ), targets the protein Grb2
and has entered the efficacy portion of a Phase II clinical trial for acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and is preparing to enter
the safety segment of a Phase II clinical trial for blast phase and accelerated phase chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML).
BP1001 is also in preclinical studies for solid tumors, including triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) and inflammatory
breast cancer (IBC). 

Our second drug candidate, Liposomal Bcl2
( BP1002 ), targets the protein Bcl2, which is responsible for driving cell proliferation in up to 60% of all cancers.
BP1002 is in preparation for an Investigational New Drug (IND) application. 

We currently maintain an exclusive license
agreement (the  License Agreement ) with The University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center ( MD Anderson ),
under which we license from MD Anderson the delivery technology platform and BP1001 and BP1002. We are developing antisense drug
candidates to treat cancer and autoimmune disorders where targeting a single protein may be advantageous and result in reduced
adverse effects as compared to small molecule inhibitors with off-target and non-specific effects. We have composition of matter
and method of use intellectual property for the manufacture of neutral charged DNA-liposome complexes. 

On June 29, 2016, we entered into a securities
purchase agreement (the  Securities Purchase Agreement ) with certain healthcare focused institutional investors pursuant
to which we agreed to sell an aggregate of 5,882,352 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase up to 2,941,176 shares
of our common stock for gross proceeds of approximately $10.0 million. The offering closed on July 5, 2016. The net proceeds to
the Company from the offering, after deducting the placement agent s fees and expenses and our offering expenses, and excluding
the proceeds, if any, from the exercise of the warrants issued in the offering, was approximately $9.3 million. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated
deficit of $30.8 million. Our net loss was $1.6 million and $1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Our net loss was $5.4 million and $4.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
We expect to continue to incur significant operating losses and we anticipate that our losses may increase substantially as we
expand our drug development programs and commercialization efforts. To achieve profitability, we must enter into license or development
agreements with third parties, or successfully develop and obtain regulatory approval for one or more of our drug candidates and
effectively commercialize any drug candidates we develop. In addition, if we obtain regulatory approval of one or more of our drug
candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital when needed or on terms that are favorable to us, if
at all. Even if we succeed in developing and commercializing one or more of our drug candidates, we may not be able to generate
sufficient revenue and we may never be able to achieve or sustain profitability. 

Basic Technical Information 

Ribonucleic acid (RNA) is a biologically significant type of
molecule consisting of a chain of nucleotide units. Each nucleotide consists of a nitrogenous base, a ribose sugar, and a phosphate.
Although similar in some ways to DNA, RNA differs from DNA in a few important structural details. RNA is transcribed from DNA by
enzymes called RNA polymerases and is generally further processed by other enzymes. RNA is central to protein synthesis. DNA carries
the genetic information of a cell and consists of thousands of genes. Each gene serves as a recipe on how to build a protein molecule.
Proteins perform important tasks for the cell functions or serve as building blocks. The flow of information from the genes determines
the protein composition and thereby the functions of the cell. 

The DNA is situated in the nucleus of the cell, organized into
chromosomes. Every cell must contain the genetic information and the DNA is therefore duplicated before a cell divides (replication).
When proteins are needed, the corresponding genes are transcribed into RNA (transcription). The RNA is first processed so that
non-coding parts are removed (processing) and is then transported out of the nucleus (transport). Outside the nucleus, the proteins
are built based upon the code in the RNA (translation). 

Our basic drug development concept is to block the expression
of proteins that cause disease. RNA is essential in the process of creating proteins. We intend to develop drugs and drug delivery
systems that work by delivering short strands of DNA material (antisense DNA) that are inserted into a cell to block the production
of proteins associated with disease. 

Antisense DNA therapeutics is the field of designing short DNA
sequences that are complementary to an RNA for a protein of interest with the intention of inhibiting the production of the targeted
protein. The DNA will find the matching RNA and form a complex. The complexed RNA will not have access to the protein-making machinery,
which prevents the cell from translating it into a protein. Thus, protein production is turned off and levels of the targeted protein
are reduced in the cell. This gene-specific process of controlling protein expression has led to great interest in using antisense
DNA to shut off the production of proteins involved in disease. Antisense therapeutics have been in development for over 20 years;
however, there have been many challenges to antisense therapeutics that have prevented or reduced the successful distribution and
transfer of DNA into cells. Of all delivery methods in use today, we believe only DNAbilize  has the potential to overcome
the most common challenges associated with antisense therapeutics. 

Overview of Drug Candidates and Delivery Technology 

BP1001 

BP1001 is targeted at the protein Grb2.
Antisense inhibition of Grb2 interrupts the signals between mutated and activated receptors that connect to a well-known cancer
associated switch called Ras protein. Inhibition of Grb2 does not cause cell death and thus does not result in adverse events typically
observed with receptor inhibitors or Ras pathway inhibitors. We believe that BP1001 has the potential to be an ideal combination
for any number of cancer therapeutics where the Ras pathway is aberrantly activated and patient fitness is a major concern. 

We have completed our Phase I clinical trials
for BP1001 for indications for AML, CML, MDS and Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL). We are currently prioritizing our efforts
on AML and CML and have begun the Phase Ib/Phase II clinical trials for these indications. Priorities for additional indications,
including MDS or ALL, are expected to be addressed in the future as the results of our Phase II and work in solid tumors progresses. 

Indications for Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML)
and Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia (CML) 

AML   Background and Common Treatments .
AML is the rapid accumulation of immature myeloid cells in the blood, resulting in a drop of the other cell types such as red blood
cells and platelets. The expansion of immature monocytes leaves the patient unable to fight infection. If AML is left untreated,
it usually results in death within three months. AML incidence increases with age, with more than 50% of the cases in people age
60 or older. AML is the most common acute leukemia in adults, and the National Cancer Institute estimates that approximately 20,000
new cases occur each year. The cure rate is between 5-15% in older adults, and those who cannot receive the standard course of
chemotherapy have an average survival rate of five to ten months. The standard induction therapy for AML is Cytarabine with anthracycline. Of those patients who are able
to receive the standard induction therapy, about 75% will likely relapse. AML is an area of high unmet need for both the relapsed
and the de novo elderly population who are typically ineligible for induction therapy. 

CML   Background and Common Treatments .
CML is characterized by expansion in the blood and bone marrow of mature myeloid cells and their precursors. It can show no symptoms
and is often detected during a routine blood test. If left untreated, after several years it will progress to an accelerated phase
and eventually blast crisis where it becomes an acute leukemia. With the introduction of drugs such as Gleevec, the life expectancy
of patients treated in the chronic phase has been significantly improved, and only 1-1.5% of patients ever go into blast crisis.
However, for those patients who do progress into blast crisis, there are currently few treatment options. Myeloid cells in blast
crisis have accumulated genetic abnormalities that resist traditional treatment methods that kill leukemic cells. Patients in blast
crisis have an average survival rate of seven to eleven months. New treatments for this critical population are necessary. 

BP1001 Development and Treatment for
AML and CML . Our lead liposome delivered antisense drug candidate, BP1001, has been clinically tested in patients having AML,
CML, MDS and ALL in a Phase I trial. During the Phase I trial, 80% of the evaluable patients had refractory or relapsed AML, having
failed at least six prior therapies. In our study, 83% of patients showed decreased circulating blasts and anti-leukemic activity
and eight patients stabilized for extended treatments. 

Phase I Clinical Trials  

The Phase I clinical trial was a dose-escalating
study to determine the safety and tolerance of escalating doses of BP1001. The study determined an optimal biologically active
dose for further development. The pharmacokinetics of BP1001 in patients from the study are being evaluated. In addition, patient
blood samples from the trial were tested using a new assay developed by us to measure down-regulation of the target protein, the
critical scientific data that demonstrated the delivery technology does in fact successfully deliver the antisense drug substance
to the cell and across the cell membrane into the interior of the cell where expression of the target protein is blocked. The clinical
trial was conducted at MD Anderson. 

The original IND granted by the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 2010 allowed us to proceed with a Phase I clinical trial having five cohorts culminating
in a maximum dose of 50 mg/m 2 . However, in November 2012, we announced that since there had been no evidence of significant
toxicity from treatment of patients with BP1001, we requested the FDA to allow higher dosing in patients. The principal investigator
for the clinical trial, in consultation with our management team, advised us that with the absence of any real toxicity barriers,
we should continue to evaluate higher doses of BP1001. The absence of significant toxicity provided a significant opportunity for
us to test higher doses in patients in order to find a dose that provides maximum potential benefit and duration of anti-leukemia
effect. These actions were approved and a revised protocol was submitted allowing higher dosing. We announced in October 2014 that
we completed Cohort 6, successfully treating three patients at a dose 90 mg/m 2 . There has been no evidence of significant
toxicity from treatment of patients with BP1001 in our Phase I clinical trial. 

An important outcome for the Phase I clinical
trial is the ability to assess for the first time the performance of our delivery technology platform in human patients. We have
developed two new assays to be able to provide scientific proof of concept of the delivery technology. The first involves a novel
detection method for the drug substance in blood samples to assess the pharmacokinetics of the drug. The second
involves a method to measure down-regulation of the target protein in a patient blood sample that was achieved. The latter measurement provides critical proof that DNAbilize  neutral liposome delivery technology delivered the drug substance to the cell
and was able to transport it across the cell membrane into the interior to block cellular production of the Grb2 protein. 

In this regard, in August 2013 we announced
that our DNAbilize  liposomal delivery technology achieved a major milestone in the development of antisense therapeutics
based on a scientific assay confirming that treating patients with our drug candidate BP1001 inhibits the Grb2 disease-causing
target protein in patients with blood cancers. Inhibition of the disease-causing protein has the effect of down regulating the
disease. This will allow for BP1001 to be used potentially in combination with current frontline treatments. This discovery also
points to the potential use of a liposomal antisense treatment as a standalone treatment to transform and manage a disease that
has a disease-causing protein as a chronic disorder. This accomplishment is a potentially significant breakthrough for antisense
therapeutics, whose development, to date, as a class of therapeutics has been severely limited by a lack of a systemic delivery
mechanism that can safely distribute the drug throughout the body and deliver the antisense drug substance across the cell membrane
into the interior of the cell. Further, we expect that scientific proof of principle for DNAbilize  may lead to licensing
and business development opportunities, supporting our business model. 

The principal investigator for the Phase
I clinical trial is a leading expert in the treatment of CML, AML, MDS and ALL. Because the results of the first trial produced
unexpected and clinically interesting results in some patients, the principal investigator prepared an abstract of the results
of the first cohort that was accepted for presentation at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) annual meeting in December 2011.
Results that demonstrated potential anti-leukemia benefits in treated patients were included in the presentation. Subsequently,
in 2013 the principal investigator prepared an abstract of updated information on the results of the clinical trial through Cohort
5, which was accepted for presentation at the ASH annual meeting in December 2013. Highlights (which have been updated to include
patients from Cohort 6) of the presentation prepared by the principal investigator for the meeting included: 

Data from the Phase I Clinical Trial  

Among 20 evaluable patients, 15 demonstrated anti-leukemia activity with reduction in peripheral or bone marrow blasts from baseline.   

Five patients demonstrated transient improvement and/or stable disease, three of whom received a total of five cycles each.   

Two patients, in addition to achieving market blast percentage declines, also experienced transient improvements in leukemia cutis lesions.   

Disease Stabilization in MDS and AML  

Two patients with MDS, a 53-year-old male and a 72-year-old female, both achieved disease stabilization and continued therapy for five cycles before disease progression.   

A 54-year-old HIV positive male with AML achieved stable disease and marked reduction in peripheral blasts, continuing therapy for five cycles before disease progression.   

Experience in CML-Blast Phase  

Patient with myeloid blast crisis of CML.   

Prior therapies consisted of: imatinib, dastinib, nilotinib, DCC-2036, Cytarabine + Fludarabine + Dasatinib + Gemtuzumab, PHA-739358, Clofarabine + Dasatinib.   

Upon start of BP1001, patient showed a significant reduction in blasts from 81% to 5%, but due to leptomeningeal disease progression discontinued therapy before full cycle.   

Inhibition of Target Grb2 Protein  

The Phase I clinical trial is typically
ended when a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) is encountered. However, due to the lack of toxicity of the drug, a MTD was not observed.
As a result, an optimal biological dose was determined and we completed Cohort 6 of our Phase I clinical trial. It is noted, however,
that the lack of toxicity is a major advantage for the drug candidate BP1001 since it allows higher levels of drug to be administered
to the patient, increasing the potential therapeutic benefit. 

In April 2015, we received orphan drug
designation by the FDA for BP1001 in AML. Orphan drug status provides Bio-Path with seven years of exclusivity after
receiving formal marketing approval, as well as additional development incentives. The FDA grants this designation to certain
drugs that target diseases affecting fewer than 200,000 people in the United States. Previously, we received orphan drug
designation for BP1001 for CML. In  October 2016, BP1001 received orphan drug designation for AML in the European Union (EU)
from the European Medicines Agency (EMA). To receive orphan drug designation from the EMA, a therapy must be intended for the
treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating rare condition with a prevalence of less than five in 10,000 in
the EU. Orphan drug designation provides incentives designed to facilitate development including fee reductions for protocol
assistance, scientific advice and importantly, may provide up to ten years of market exclusivity in the EU following product
approval. 

Phase II Clinical Trials  

On February 9, 2015, we announced that we
began enrollment into the combination therapy Phase Ib clinical trial, the safety segment of the Phase II clinical trial, for BP1001
in patients with AML. The combination therapy Phase Ib clinical trial consisted of two dosing cohorts of BP1001 (60 mg/m 2 
and 90 mg/m 2 ) to test the safety profile of treating AML patients with BP1001 in combination with low dose Ara C (LDAC).
Patients ineligible for intensive induction therapy are currently treated only with LDAC. 

On October 9, 2015, we announced the completion
of Cohort 7, the first dosing cohort of the Phase Ib clinical trial, consisting of a 60 mg/m 2  dose of BP1001 in combination
with LDAC. On March 3, 2016, we announced the completion of Cohort 8, the second dosing cohort of the Phase Ib clinical trial,
consisting of a 90 mg/m 2  dose of BP1001 in combination with LDAC. On June 6, 2016, we announced data from the safety
segment of the Phase II combination therapy of BP1001 and LDAC showed no dose limiting toxicities. Of the six evaluable patients,
four patients completed more than two cycles of treatment, three patients achieved complete remission and two patients achieved
partial remission. Pharmacokinetics of BP1001 demonstrated a half-life at 60 mg/m 2  of 30 hours, significantly better
than the 90 mg/m 2  dose. The final analysis of these data, along with the demonstrated reductions in bone marrow blasts,
suggested that 60 mg/m 2  was the appropriate dose for use in the Phase II trial. Administratively, this required us to
reformat documents for the Phase II trial with the 60 mg/m 2  dose and resubmit for approvals with the FDA and site Institutional
Review Boards, requiring additional time prior to starting the Phase II trial. 

On November 2, 2016, we announced that the
first patient in the efficacy portion of the Phase II trial was dosed. The full trial design includes approximately 54 evaluable
patients with an interim analysis to be performed after 19 patients are treated with the combination. In the event the interim
results exceed the primary endpoint in the number of patients that meet or exceed statistically determined thresholds, we may seek
to convert the trial into a registration trial for accelerated approval. The multi-site trial will be conducted at leading cancer
centers, among them are Weill Medical College of Cornell University, Baylor Scott   White Health, The University of Kansas
and MD Anderson. 

Indications for Triple Negative Breast Cancer
(TNBC) and Inflammatory Breast Cancer (IBC) 

TNBC and IBC   Background and Common
Treatments . Approximately 15 to 20% of breast cancers fall into the category of triple-negative. TNBC tumors do not express
estrogen receptors, progesterone receptors and low human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). These negative results mean
that the growth of the cancer is not supported by the hormones estrogen and progesterone, or by the presence of HER2 receptors.
Therefore, TNBC does not respond to hormonal therapy or therapies that target HER2 receptors. In addition, TNBC tumors are very
aggressive. IBC often presents as TNBC and is a rare and very aggressive disease in which cancer cells block lymph vessels in the
skin of the breast. This type of breast cancer is called  inflammatory  because the breast often looks swollen and
red, or  inflamed.  IBC accounts for 2 to 5% of all breast cancers. IBC tumors are very aggressive and are frequently
hormone receptor negative, which means hormone therapies may not be effective. The five-year survival rate for IBC is approximately
40% versus approximately 87% for all breast cancers combined, making IBC a priority area for development of new treatments. The
current treatment regimen includes radiation, chemotherapy and surgery. A lack of targeted treatments for these types of breast
cancer has led to development of new therapeutics currently in clinical trials. Because of the aggressiveness of these cancers,
a systemic treatment is needed. BP1001 represents a systemic treatment that targets an important pathway for TNBC and IBC cell
growth and has potential to be integral for the treatment of these diseases. 

BP1001 Development and Treatment for
TNBC and IBC . In July 2013, we announced that we were initiating preclinical testing of BP1001 for TNBC and IBC. Our plan is
to develop BP1001 as a targeted therapy against TNBC and IBC. Our treatment goals are two-pronged: the first is to develop BP1001
as a tumor reduction agent in combination with other approved drugs in preoperative settings for TNBC and IBC patients, and the
second is to develop BP1001 as a drug to treat and control or eliminate cancer metastasis in TNBC and IBC patients. Both of these
treatment goals address high need situations for patients. Once the preclinical studies are completed, we believe that the observations
that we learned from the original Phase I trial will help us increase of the speed of progress for such Phase I trial in TNBC and
IBC, as the toxicity profile of BP1001 is currently well-established. 

Indications for Other Solid Tumors (e.g., Lymphoma,
Colon, Thyroid, and Head and Neck Cancers) 

Cancers of colon, thyroid, head and neck,
and lymphoma are solid tumors which utilize the same signaling pathway as TNBC and IBC, which involve the Grb2 protein. It has
been proposed that BP1001 may have clinical efficacy in these indications due to the overlapping similarity of the mechanisms of
their growth and proliferation. As our program for BP1001 continues to develop, it is anticipated that these indications will be
assessed in preclinical research. 

BP1002 

BP1002, also known by its scientific name
as Liposomal Bcl2, is our second liposome delivered antisense drug candidate. BP1002 is intended to target the lymphoma and certain
solid tumor markets. Clinical targets for BP1002 include lymphoma, breast cancer, colon cancer, prostate cancer and leukemia. We
believe that BP1002 has the potential to treat 40 to 60% of solid tumors. 

Bcl2 is a protein that is involved in regulating
apoptosis, or programmed cell death. Apoptosis is a physiologic mechanism of cell turnover by which cells actively commit suicide
in response to aberrant external signals. Over-expression of Bcl2 prevents the induction of apoptosis in response to cellular insults
such as treatment with chemotherapeutic agents. Bcl2 is over-expressed in more than 90% of follicular B-cell non-Hodgkin s
lymphoma due to a chromosomal rearrangement and is the key factor in the initiation of this malignancy. Bcl2 is also overexpressed
in a wide variety of solid tumors (it is estimated to be over-expressed in 40% of cancers). For example, Bcl2 over-expression has
been associated with the progression of prostate cancer from hormone dependence to hormone independence and may contribute to the
relative drug resistant phenotype typically observed in hormone independent prostate cancer. 

Non-Hodgkin s Lymphomas  Background
and Common Treatments . There are 56,000 new cases of non-Hodgkin s lymphoma (NHL) per year, with approximately 30% being
follicular lymphoma (FL) and approximately 60% being the more aggressive diffuse large B cell lymphoma (DLBCL) type. A consensus
on front-line treatment for FL has not been established as many factors are taken into account in the treatment approach (e.g.,
age, stage of disease, cell surface markers). Rituximab is a treatment of choice for the majority of lymphomas and is typically
used in combination with other chemotherapy agents or as a maintenance treatment. 

BP1002   Development and Treatment
for FL, DLBCL, MALT, MCL AND BL . On December 22, 2014, we announced that we initiated development of BP1002 as a treatment
for FL. We intend to file a new IND to begin clinical testing of BP1002 in patients with multiple types of lymphoma. We anticipate
that the Phase I trial will be open to refractory and relapsed patients with FL and other sub-types of NHL, including DLBCL, mucosa-associated
lymphoid tissue (MALT), mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) and Burkitt s lymphoma (BL). 

Treatments of varying efficacy exist for
FL and DLBCL; however, due to the wide variety of subtypes of this disease, a frontline approach is lacking. Bcl2 is over-expressed
in 85% of patients due to a translocation between chromosomes 18 and 14, a hallmark of the disease. Therapies that directly and
specifically block or inhibit protein synthesis of Bcl2 could be transformative in this indication. Toxicity in competing therapeutics
using small molecule inhibitors of Bcl2 occurs due to non-specificity of the inhibitors. Bcl2 is part of a large family of proteins.
Small molecule inhibitors developed against it typically bind to more than one member of the family. This leads to unexpected off-target
adverse effects. A previous attempt at a Bcl2 antisense by Genta Inc. failed to show an improvement in remission or overall survival
rates. This antisense was a phosphorothioate DNA with dose-limiting toxicity and it also did not have a lipid delivery mechanism
to aid in prevention of clearance by the liver, reducing the levels of antisense reaching diseased cells. We believe that BP1002
overcomes the failures of previous attempts at inhibiting Bcl2 by specifically interrupting the protein expression of one protein
and not a family of necessary proteins and does so without inherent toxicity. With BP1002, more drug substance can reach the circulating
lymphocytes so that the cancer cells can be treated with a therapeutically relevant dose. We believe BP1002 provides a new tool
for cancer treatment for not just lymphomas, but also many cancers for which Bcl2 expression is driving cell proliferation. The
introduction of a new, non-toxic, and specific Bcl2 inhibitor could be a major advance in cancer therapeutics. 

DNAbilize  

DNAbilize  technology is available
for out-licensing. We intend to apply our drug delivery technology template to new disease-causing protein targets as a means to
develop new liposomal antisense drug candidates. A new product identification template was recently approved that defines a process
of scientific, preclinical, commercial and intellectual property evaluation of potential new drug candidates for inclusion into
our drug product development pipeline. A significant amount of capital is expected to be allocated to in-license promising protein
targets that can be developed as new liposomal antisense drug candidates. As we expand, we will look at indications where a systemic
delivery is needed and antisense can be used to slow, reverse, or cure a disease, either alone or in combination with another drug. 

We are interested in pursuing a wide-ranging,
proactive licensing program to include co-development of specific liposomal antisense drug candidates, sub-licensing our delivery
template for outside development of liposomal antisense drug candidates or out-licensing a partially-developed drug candidate for
final development and marketing. 

Company History and Available Information 

We were originally incorporated in May 2000
as a Utah corporation under the name Ogden Golf Co. Corporation, but terminated our retail golf store operations in December 2006.
In February 2008, we completed a reverse merger with Bio-Path Subsidiary. The name of Ogden Golf Co. Corporation was changed to
Bio-Path Holdings, Inc. and the directors and officers of Bio-Path Subsidiary became the directors and officers of Bio-Path Holdings,
Inc. On March 10, 2014, our common stock ceased trading on the OTCQX and commenced trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the
ticker symbol  BPTH.  Effective December 31, 2014, we changed our state of incorporation from Utah to Delaware through
a statutory conversion pursuant to the Utah Revised Business Corporation Act and the Delaware General Corporation Law. Our principal
executive offices are located at 4710 Bellaire Boulevard, Suite 210, Bellaire, Texas 77401, and our telephone number is (832) 742-1357. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 to the Unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements for a discussion of the impact of a new accounting standards update on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

Financial Operations Overview 

Revenue 

We have not generated significant revenues
to date. Our ability to generate revenues from our drug candidates, which we do not expect will occur for many years, if ever,
will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of our drug candidates. 

Research and development expenses 

Research and development expenses consist
of costs associated with our research activities, including the development of our drug candidates. Our research and development
expenses consist of: 

expenses related to research and development personnel, including salaries, benefits, travel and stock-based compensation;   

external research and development expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as contract research organizations, clinical sites, manufacturing organizations and consultants;   

license fees, including maintenance fees and patent expense paid to MD Anderson in connection with the License Agreement; and   

costs of materials used during research and development activities.   

Costs and expenses that can be clearly identified
as research and development are charged to expense as incurred in accordance with generally accepted accounting policies ( GAAP ).
Advance payments, including nonrefundable amounts, for goods or services that will be used or rendered for future research and
development activities are deferred and capitalized. Such amounts will be recognized as an expense as the related goods are delivered
or the related services are performed. If the goods will not be delivered, or services will not be rendered, then the capitalized
advance payment is charged to expense. 

We expect research and development expenses
associated with the completion of the associated clinical trials to be substantial and to increase over time. The successful development
of our drug candidates is highly uncertain. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing and estimated
costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete development of our drug candidates or the period, if any, in which material
net cash inflows from our drug candidates may commence. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing
drugs, including the uncertainty of: 

the rate of progress, results and costs of completion of ongoing clinical trials of our drug candidates;   

the size, scope, rate of progress, results and costs of completion of any potential future clinical trials and preclinical trials of our drug candidates that we may initiate;   

competing technological and market developments;   

the performance of third-party manufacturers and suppliers;   

the ability of our drug candidates, if they receive regulatory approval, to achieve market success; and   

disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our drug candidates.   

A change in the outcome of any of these
variables with respect to the development of a drug candidate could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated
with the development of that drug candidate. For example, if the FDA or other regulatory authority were to require us to conduct
clinical trials beyond those which we currently anticipate will be required for the completion of clinical development of a drug
candidate or if we experience significant delays in enrollment in any clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant
additional financial resources and time on the completion of clinical development. 

General and administrative expenses 

Our general and administrative expenses
consist primarily of salaries and benefits for management and administrative personnel, professional fees for legal, accounting
and other services, travel costs and facility-related costs such as rent, utilities and other general office expenses. 

Results of Operations 

Comparisons of the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Research and Development Expense .
Our research and development expense was $2.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $1.3 million
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in research and development expense was primarily due to the
release of drug material for our Phase II clinical trial for BP1001 in AML and associated clinical trial costs. The following table
sets forth our research and development expenses (in thousands): 

General and Administrative Expense .
Our general and administrative expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.7 million, an increase of $0.2 million
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to
increased audit fees, stock-based compensation expense and salaries and benefits expense. The following table sets forth our general
and administrative expenses (in thousands): 

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability .
The change in fair value of the warrant liability for the three months ended September 30, 2016 resulted in non-cash income of
$1.4 million. 

Net Loss . Our net loss for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.6 million, an increase of $0.1 million compared the three months ended September 30, 2015.
Net loss per share, both basic and diluted, was $0.02 per share for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30,
2015. Net loss per share is calculated using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the applicable
periods and excludes stock options and warrants because they are antidilutive. 

Comparisons of the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Research and Development Expense .
Our research and development expense was $4.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $2.4 million
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in research and development expense was primarily due to the
release of drug material for our Phase II clinical trial for BP1001 in AML and associated clinical trial costs as well as increased
salaries and benefits expense. The following table sets forth our research and development expenses (in thousands): 

General and Administrative Expense .
Our general and administrative expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.3 million, an increase of $0.4 million
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to increased
third party fees related to corporate communications, stock-based compensation expense and salaries and benefits expense. The following
table sets forth our general and administrative expenses (in thousands): 

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability .
The change in fair value of the warrant liability for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted in non-cash income of $1.4
million. 

Net Loss . Our net loss for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $5.4 million, an increase of $1.4 million compared the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
Net loss per share, both basic and diluted, was $0.06 per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.04
per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net loss per share is calculated using the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the applicable periods and excludes stock options and warrants because they are antidilutive. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

We have not generated significant revenues
to date. Since our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through public and private offerings of our capital stock
and other securities. We expect to finance our foreseeable cash requirements through cash on hand, cash from operations, debt financings
and public or private equity offerings. Additionally, we may seek collaborations and license arrangements for our drug candidates.
We may seek to access the public or private equity markets whenever conditions are favorable. We currently have no lines of credit
or other arranged access to debt financing. 

We had a cash balance of $11.3 million as
of September 30, 2016 compared to a cash balance of $8.9 million as of December 31, 2015. We believe that our available cash at
September 30, 2016 will be sufficient to fund our liquidity and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. 

Cash Flows 

Operating
Activities.    Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
$6.5 million. Net cash used in operating activities consisted primarily of the net loss for the period of $5.4 million, a
non-cash decrease in fair value of the warrant liability of $1.4 million, an increase in other current assets of $0.7 million
and a decrease in current liabilities of $0.1 million. These were partially offset by non-cash stock-based compensation
expense of $0.6 million, a decrease in prepaid drug product for testing of $0.4 million and technology license amortization
expense of $0.1 million. 

Investing Activities . Net cash used
in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of a fixed asset purchase totaling $25,000. 

Financing Activities . Net cash provided
by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $9.0 million. Net cash provided by financing activities
consisted of net proceeds of $9.3 million from the registered direct offering described below, which closed on July 5, 2016. These
proceeds were partially offset by additional financing costs incurred during the period of $0.3 million. 

2014 Shelf Registration 

On November 5, 2013, we filed a shelf registration
statement on Form S-3 with the SEC, which was declared effective by the SEC on January 13, 2014 (the  Shelf Registration
Statement ). The Shelf Registration Statement was filed to register the offering and sale of up to $100.0 million of our
common stock, preferred stock, warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock or any combination thereof, either individually
or in units. The foregoing does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities, and shall not
constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior
to registration or qualification under the securities laws of that jurisdiction. 

At the Market  Offering 

On June 24, 2015, we entered into a Controlled
Equity Offering SM  Sales Agreement (the  Sales Agreement ) with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co. ( Cantor
Fitzgerald ), as sales agent, pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time, through Cantor Fitzgerald shares
of our common stock. Sales of shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement will be made pursuant to the Shelf Registration
Statement and a related prospectus supplement filed with the SEC on June 25, 2015, for an aggregate offering price of up to $25.0
million. Under the Sales Agreement, Cantor Fitzgerald may sell shares by any method deemed to be an  at the market 
offering as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act or any other method permitted by law, including in privately negotiated
transactions. We will pay Cantor Fitzgerald a commission of 3.4% of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of shares under
the Sales Agreement and have agreed to provide Cantor Fitzgerald with customary indemnification and contribution rights. We have
also agreed to reimburse Cantor Fitzgerald for certain specified expenses. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, we are
subject to certain restrictions on our ability to offer and sell shares of our common stock under the Sales Agreement. As of September
30, 2016, we have not offered or sold any shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement. 

2016 Registered Direct Offering 

On June 29, 2016, we entered into the Securities
Purchase Agreement with certain healthcare focused institutional investors pursuant to which we agreed to sell an aggregate of
5,882,352 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase up to 2,941,176 shares of our common stock for gross proceeds of
approximately $10.0 million (the  2016 Registered Direct Offering ). The 2016 Registered Direct Offering closed on
July 5, 2016. The net proceeds to the Company from the 2016 Registered Direct Offering, after deducting the placement agent s
fees and expenses and our offering expenses, and excluding the proceeds, if any, from the exercise of the warrants issued in the
offering, was approximately $9.3 million. 

Future Capital Requirements 

We expect to continue to incur significant
operating expenses in connection with our ongoing activities, including conducting clinical trials, manufacturing and seeking regulatory
approval of our drug candidates, BP1001 and BP1002. Accordingly, we will continue to require substantial additional capital to
fund our projected operating requirements. Such additional capital may not be available when needed or on terms favorable to us.
In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe
we have sufficient funds for our current and future operating plan. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue
to raise additional capital through the sale of our securities in the future. Our future capital requirements may change and will
depend on numerous factors, which are discussed in detail in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  to Part I of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2016, we did not have
any material off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP in the United States has required the management of the Company to make assumptions, estimates and judgments
that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures of commitments
and contingencies, if any. We consider our critical accounting policies to be those that require the more significant judgments
and estimates in the preparation of financial statements. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in   Note
2   to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K as of the year ended December
31, 2015. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 

Interest Rate Risk  .   We
had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $11.3 million as of September 30, 2016. Although this cash account is subject to
fluctuations in interest rates and market conditions, no significant gain or loss on this account is expected to be recognized
in earnings. We do not invest in derivative securities. 

Capital Market Risk  .   We
have not generated significant revenues to date and depend on funds raised through other sources to fund our operations. One source
of funding is through future debt or equity offerings. Our ability to raise funds in this manner depends upon capital market forces
affecting our stock price. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

It is management s responsibility
to establish and maintain adequate disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the company s
principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer (who is also our Chief Financial Officer), has reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. Following this review and evaluation ,  our management determined that as of the end of the period covered
by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

25 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

There were no material changes from the
risk factors previously disclosed under  Item 1A. Risk Factors  to Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K as of the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS 

On July 5, 2016, we issued warrants to purchase
up to 250,000 shares of our common stock in a private placement to H.C. Wainwright   Co., LLC and its designees as compensation
for its services as a placement agent in connection with the 2016 Registered Director Offering (the  Placement Agent Warrants ).
Subject to certain ownership limitations, the Placement Agent Warrants become exercisable on January 5, 2017, have a term
of five years after they become exercisable and have an exercise price of $2.46 per share of common stock. 

The Placement Agent Warrants and the shares
issuable upon exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants were not registered under the Securities Act and were issued pursuant to
an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit   
 No.  
       
      Description of Exhibit   
 
      2.1  
       
      Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated September 27, 2007, by and among the Company, Biopath Acquisition Corp., a Utah corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the registrant, and Bio-Path, Inc., a Utah corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2007).   
 
      3.1  
       
      Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2015).   
 
      3.2  
       
      Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2015).   
 
      3.3  
       
      Articles of Merger relating to the merger of Biopath Acquisition Corp. with and into Bio-Path, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 19, 2008).   
 
      3.4  
       
      Certificate of Conversion (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2015).   
 
      3.5  
       
      Articles of Transfer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2015).   
 
      4.1  
       
      Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2015).   
 
      4.2  
       
      Warrant Agreement, dated April 25, 2008, by and between the Company and Randeep Suneja, M.D. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2014).   
 
      4.3  
       
      Form of Warrant issued to Maxim Group LLC, Sabby Healthcare Volatility Master Fund, Ltd. and Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2014).   
 
      4.4  
       
      Form of Warrant issued to certain investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2016).   
 
      4.5  
       
      Form of Warrant issued to H.C. Wainwright   Co., LLC and certain of its designees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2016).   
 
      31*  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32*  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS*  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

*  
      Filed herewith.   

SIGNATURE  

In accordance with the requirements of the
Exchange Act, the Company has caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

Dated: November 9, 2016  
      BIO-PATH HOLDINGS, INC.   

By  
      /s/ Peter H. Nielsen   

Peter H. Nielsen   

President   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit  
 No.  
       
      Description of Exhibit   
 
      2.1  
       
      Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated September 27, 2007, by and among the Company, Biopath Acquisition Corp., a Utah corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the registrant, and Bio-Path, Inc., a Utah corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2007).   
 
      3.1  
       
      Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2015).   
 
      3.2  
       
      Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2015).   
 
      3.3  
       
      Articles of Merger relating to the merger of Biopath Acquisition Corp. with and into Bio-Path, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 19, 2008).   
 
      3.4  
       
      Certificate of Conversion (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2015).   
 
      3.5  
       
      Articles of Transfer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2015).   
 
      4.1  
       
      Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2015).   
 
      4.2  
       
      Warrant Agreement, dated April 25, 2008, by and between the Company and Randeep Suneja, M.D. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2014).   
 
      4.3  
       
      Form of Warrant issued to Maxim Group LLC, Sabby Healthcare Volatility Master Fund, Ltd. and Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2014).   
 
      4.4  
       
      Form of Warrant issued to certain investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2016).   
 
      4.5  
       
      Form of Warrant issued to H.C. Wainwright   Co., LLC and certain of its designees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2016).   
 
      31*  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32*  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS*  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

*  
      Filed herewith.   

<EX-31>
 2
 v451932_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATION OF  

  PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND  

  PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

I, Peter H. Nielsen, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bio-Path Holdings, Inc.; 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a)           Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b)           Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)           Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)           Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.           I
have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a)           All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)           Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/   Peter H. Nielsen   

Peter H. Nielsen   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 v451932_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION  PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Bio-Path Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Peter H. Nielsen, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

(1)           the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)           the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/   Peter H. Nielsen   

Peter H. Nielsen   

Chief Executive Officer   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 bpth-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bpth-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bpth-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bpth-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bpth-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bpth-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

