<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_1430723_0001144204-16-130868_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10583710</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142653</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>371339</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3548773</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4959627</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1282993</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>105</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-130868.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101164511
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-130868
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001430723
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				260734029
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36452
		FILM NUMBER:		161965286

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		850 SHADES CREEK PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BIRMINGHAM
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35209
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2059490302

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		850 SHADES CREEK PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BIRMINGHAM
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35209

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-130868.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 v450747_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C.
20549  

  _________________________  

FORM 10-Q  

( Mark one )  

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

For the transition period from _______to_______  

Commission file
number 001-36452  

SERVISFIRST
BANCSHARES, INC.   

 (Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in Its Charter) 

Delaware   
       26-0734029    
 
       (State or Other Jurisdiction of   
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       Incorporation or Organization)   
       Identification No.)    

850 Shades Creek Parkway, Birmingham, Alabama   
      
       35209    
 
       (Address of Principal Executive Offices)   
      
       (Zip Code)    

(205) 949-0302  

  (Registrant's
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the  preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files). 

 Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer  x
 Accelerated filer     Non-accelerated filer   
 Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
      3   
 
      Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
      3   
 
      Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
    of Operations   
      27   
 
      Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      44   
 
      Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      44   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    
     45  
 
      Item 1   
       Legal Proceedings   
      45   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      45   
 
      Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      45   
 
      Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      45   
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      45   
 
      Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      45   
 
      Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      45   

PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In thousands, except share and per share
amounts) 

(1) Derived from audited financial statements. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 (In thousands, except share and per share
amounts) 

 (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME 

 (In thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY 

 NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND
2015 

 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

 (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND
2015 

 (In thousands) (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1 - GENERAL  

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements in this report have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including Regulation S-X and the instructions for Form 10-Q, and have not been audited. These consolidated financial statements
do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP )
for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary to present fairly the consolidated
financial position and the consolidated results of operations for the interim periods have been made. All such adjustments are
of a normal nature. The consolidated results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the consolidated results of operations
which ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (the  Company ) and its consolidated subsidiaries, including ServisFirst Bank (the
 Bank ), may achieve for future interim periods or the entire year. For further information, refer to the consolidated
financial statements and footnotes included in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

All reported amounts are in thousands
except share and per share data. 

NOTE 2 - CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  

Cash on hand, cash items in process of collection, amounts
due from banks, and federal funds sold are included in cash and cash equivalents. 

NOTE 3 - EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE  

Basic earnings per common share are computed
by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
period. Diluted earnings per common share include the dilutive effect of additional potential common shares issuable under stock
options. 

NOTE 4 - SECURITIES  

The amortized cost and fair value of available-for-sale and
held-to-maturity securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are summarized as follows: 

The amortized cost and fair value of debt
securities as of September 30, 2016 by contractual maturity are shown below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities
of mortgage-backed securities since the mortgages underlying the securities may be called or prepaid with or without penalty.
Therefore, these securities are not included in the maturity categories along with the other categories of debt securities. 

All mortgage-backed securities are with
government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) such as Federal National Mortgage Association, Government National Mortgage Association,
Federal Home Loan Bank, and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation. 

The following table identifies, as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s investment securities that have been in a continuous unrealized
loss position for less than 12 months and those that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 or more months.
At September 30, 2016, six of the Company s 754 debt securities had been in an unrealized loss position for 12 or more months.
The Company does not intend to sell these securities and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell
the securities before recovery of their amortized cost, which may be maturity; accordingly, the Company does not consider these
securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. Further, the Company believes any deterioration in value
of its current investment securities is attributable to changes in market interest rates and not credit quality of the issuer. 

NOTE 5  - LOANS  

The following table details the Company s loans at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The credit quality of the loan portfolio
is summarized no less frequently than quarterly using categories similar to the standard asset classification system used by the
federal banking agencies. The following table presents credit quality indicators for the loan loss portfolio segments and classes.
These categories are utilized to develop the associated allowance for loan losses using historical losses adjusted for current
economic conditions defined as follows: 

Pass
                                           loans which are well protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of
                                         the obligor (or obligors, if any) or by the fair value, less cost to acquire and sell,
                                         of any underlying collateral.    

Special
                                         Mention   loans with potential weakness that may, if not reversed or corrected,
                                         weaken the credit or inadequately protect the Company s position at some future
                                         date. These loans are not adversely classified and do not expose an institution to sufficient
                                         risk to warrant an adverse classification.    

Substandard
                                           loans that exhibit well-defined weakness or weaknesses that currently jeopardize
                                         debt repayment. These loans are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution
                                         will sustain some loss if the weaknesses are not corrected.    

Doubtful
                                           loans that have all the weaknesses inherent in loans classified substandard,
                                         plus the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full
                                         on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values highly questionable
                                         and improbable.    

Loans
by credit quality indicator as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   were
as follows:  

Loans
by performance status as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   were
as follows:  

Total
past due loans were $33 million as of September 30, 2016, an increase of $32.4 million compared to $0.6 million as of December
31, 2015.  These past due loans are primarily long-term secured credit relationships.  Management anticipates repayment
of these loans in an ordinary, customary manner. Loans by past due status as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 
 were as follows:  

The allowance for loan losses is maintained
at a level which, in management s judgment, is adequate to absorb credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The amount
of the allowance is based on management s evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio, including the nature of
the portfolio, credit concentrations, trends in historical loss experience, specific impaired loans, economic conditions and other
risks inherent in the portfolio. Allowances for impaired loans are generally determined based on collateral values or the present
value of the estimated cash flows. The allowance is increased by a provision for loan losses, which is charged to expense, and
reduced by charge-offs, net of recoveries. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination
process, periodically review the allowance for losses on loans. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize adjustments
to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. 

The methodology utilized for the calculation
of the allowance for loan losses is divided into four distinct categories. Those categories include allowances for non-impaired
loans (ASC 450), impaired loans (ASC 310), external qualitative factors, and internal qualitative factors. A description of each
category of the allowance for loan loss methodology is listed below. 

Non-Impaired Loans.  Non-impaired
loans are grouped into homogeneous loan pools by loan type and are the following: commercial and industrial, construction and
development, commercial real estate, second lien home equity lines of credit, and all other loans. Each loan pool is stratified
by internal risk rating and multiplied by a loss allocation percentage derived from the loan pool historical loss rate. The historical
loss rate is based on an age weighted 5 year history of net charge-offs experienced by pool, with the most recent net charge-off
experience given a greater weighting. This results in the expected loss rate per year, adjusted by a qualitative adjustment factor
and a years-to-impairment factor, for each pool of loans to derive the total amount of allowance for non-impaired loans. 

Impaired Loans.  Loans are considered
impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due
according to the original terms of the loan agreement. The collection of all amounts due according to contractual terms means
that both the contractual interest and principal payments of a loan will be collected as scheduled in the loan agreement. Impaired
loans are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest
rate, at the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the underlying collateral. The fair value of collateral,
reduced by costs to sell on a discounted basis, is used if a loan is collateral-dependent. Fair value estimates for specifically
impaired collateral-dependent loans are derived from appraised values based on the current market value or  as is 
value of the property, normally from recently received and reviewed appraisals. Appraisals are obtained from certified and
licensed appraisers and are based on certain assumptions, which may include construction or development status and the highest
and best use of the property.   These appraisals are reviewed by our credit administration department, and values are
adjusted downward to reflect anticipated disposition costs. Once this estimated net realizable value has been determined,
the value used in the impairment assessment is updated for each impaired loan. As subsequent events dictate and estimated net
realizable values decline, required reserves may be established or further adjustments recorded. 

External Qualitative Factors . The
determination of the portion of the allowance for loan losses relating to external qualitative factors is based on consideration
of the following factors: gross domestic product growth rate, changes in prime rate, delinquency trends, peer delinquency trends,
year-over-year loan growth and state unemployment rate trends. Data for the three most recent periods is utilized in the calculation
for each external qualitative component. The factors have a consistent weighted methodology to calculate the amount of allowance
due to external qualitative factors. 

Internal Qualitative Factors . The
determination of the portion of the allowance for loan losses relating to internal qualitative factors is based on the consideration
of criteria which includes the following: number of extensions and deferrals, single pay and interest only loans, current financial
information, credit concentrations and risk grade accuracy. A self-assessment for each of the criteria is made with a consistent
weighted methodology used to calculate the amount of allowance required for internal qualitative factors. 

The following table presents an analysis
of the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment and changes in the allowance for loan losses for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. The total allowance for loan losses is disaggregated into those amounts associated
with loans individually evaluated and those associated with loans collectively evaluated. 

The following tables present details of
the Company s impaired loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Loans which have been fully charged
off do not appear in the tables. 

Troubled Debt Restructurings ( TDR )
at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015 totaled $6.7 million, $7.7 million and $8.3 million, respectively.
At September 30, 2016, the Company had a related allowance for loan losses of $1.7 million allocated to these TDRs, compared to
$0.9 million at December 31, 2015 and $1.3 million at September 30, 2015. TDR activity by portfolio segment for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 is presented in the table below. There were no modifications made to new TDRs or renewals
of existing TDRs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.   

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016       
     Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016     

Pre-       
     Post-       
             
     Pre-       
     Post-     

Modification       
     Modification       
             
     Modification       
     Modification     

Outstanding       
     Outstanding       
             
     Outstanding       
     Outstanding     

Number of       
     Recorded       
     Recorded       
     Number of       
     Recorded       
     Recorded     

Contracts       
     Investment       
     Investment       
     Contracts       
     Investment       
     Investment     

(In Thousands)     
 
     Troubled Debt Restructurings    

Commercial, financial and agricultural    
        -       
     $  -       
     $  -       
        1       
     $  366       
     $  366     
 
     Real estate - construction    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Real estate - mortgage:    

Owner-occupied commercial    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     1-4 family mortgage    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Other mortgage    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        1       
        234       
        234     
 
     Total real estate mortgage    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        1       
        234       
        234     
 
     Consumer    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     

-       
     $  -       
     $  -       
        2       
     $  600       
     $  600     

There were no TDRs which defaulted during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and which were modified in the previous twelve months (i.e., the
twelve months prior to default). For purposes of this disclosure, default is defined as 90 days past due and still accruing or
placement on nonaccrual status. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s TDRs have all resulted from term extensions, rather
than from interest rate reductions or debt forgiveness. 

NOTE 6 - EMPLOYEE AND DIRECTOR BENEFITS  

Stock Options  

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
stock-based compensation plans, as described below. The compensation cost that has been charged to earnings for the plans was
approximately $291,000 and $931,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $293,000 and $857,000 for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The Company s 2005 Amended and Restated
Stock Option Plan allowed for the grant of stock options to purchase up to 3,075,000 shares of the Company s common stock.
The Company s 2009 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan authorizes the grant of up to 2,775,000 shares and allows for
the issuance of Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Stock Options, Performance Shares or Performance Units. Both plans
allow for the grant of incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options, and awards are granted with an exercise price
equal to the market value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. The maximum term of the options granted under
the plans is ten years. 

The Company estimates the fair value of
each stock option award using a Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. Expected
volatilities are based on an index of southeastern United States publicly traded banks. The expected term for options granted
is based on the short-cut method and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free
rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U. S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of
grant. 

The weighted average grant-date fair value
of options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $11.90 and $8.40, respectively. 

The following table summarizes stock option
activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately
$2.4 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options. The cost is expected to be recognized
on the straight-line method over the next 2.3 years. 

Restricted Stock  

The Company has issued 241,588 shares
of restricted stock to certain employees. The value of restricted stock awards is determined to be the current value of the Company s
stock, and this total value will be recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. As of September 30, 2016, there
was $542,000 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock. The cost is expected to be recognized
evenly over the remaining 1.9 years of the restricted stock s vesting period. 

NOTE 7 - DERIVATIVES  

The Company has entered into agreements
with secondary market investors to deliver loans on a  best efforts delivery  basis. When a rate is committed to a
borrower, it is based on the best price that day and locked with the investor for the customer for a 30-day period. In the event
the loan is not delivered to the investor, the Company has no risk or exposure with the investor. The interest rate lock commitments
related to loans that are originated for later sale are classified as derivatives. The fair values of the Company s agreements
with investors and rate lock commitments to customers as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were not material. 

NOTE 8  - RECENTLY ADOPTED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

In April 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation
of Debt Issuance Costs.  Under the ASU, an entity presents debt issuance costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from
the related debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of the costs is reported as interest expense. For public entities,
the amendments in ASU 2015-03 were effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those
fiscal years. Early adoption was permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The Company early adopted
the amendments in ASU 2015-03. As of June 30, 2016, the Company had reported its $34.75 million of 5.00% Subordinated Notes due
July 15, 2025 net of unamortized issue costs of $93,000 and recognized $6,000 and $18,000 of amortization in interest expense
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No.
2015-15,  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements: Amendments
to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting,  to clarify the SEC staff s position
on presenting and measuring debt issuance costs incurred in connection with line-of-credit arrangements given the lack of guidance
on this topic in ASU 2015-03. The SEC staff has announced that it would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt
issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit
arrangement. ASU 2015-15 was effective upon issuance for all entities. The Company considers the amendments in this ASU to have
no effect on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis .  The amendments modify the evaluation
reporting organizations must perform to determine if certain legal entities should be consolidated as VIEs. Specifically, the
amendments: (1) modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities
( VIEs ) or voting interest entities; (2) eliminate the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited
partnership; (3) affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those that
have fee arrangements and related party relationships; and (4) provide a scope exception from consolidation guidance for reporting
entities with interests in legal entities that are required to comply with or operate in accordance with requirements that are
similar to those in Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 for registered money market funds. ASU No. 2015-02 became
effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company has adopted the provisions these
amendments, and they have no impact on the Company s financial reporting. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-16,  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments . The amendments
in ASU 2015-16 require that an acquirer recognize adjustments to estimated amounts that are identified during the measurement
period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The amendments require that the acquirer record,
in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income
effects, if any, as a result of the change to the estimated amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the
acquisition date. The amendments also require an entity to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose
in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous
reporting periods if the adjustment to the estimated amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date.  The amendments
in this ASU are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. The amendments should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after
the effective date with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. Adoption of these amendments
had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU
2016-09 ), which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including
the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of
cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual
periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company elected to early adopt the provisions on this ASU during the second quarter
of 2016, and retrospectively apply the changes in accounting for stock compensation back to the first quarter of 2016. In so doing,
the Company has recognized a $1.2 million and $4.7 million reduction in its provision for income taxes in the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, all related to the exercise and vesting of stock options and restricted stock. Prior to
ASU 2016-09, such tax benefits were recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital. 

NOTE 9 - RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
 Revenue From Contracts With Customers  (Topic 606). These amendments affect any entity that either enters into contracts
with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts
are within the scope of other standards (e.g. insurance contracts or lease contracts). This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition
requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance, and creates a Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. This ASU also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of
revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized
from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This ASU will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. The ASU allows for either full
retrospective or modified retrospective adoption. The Company is assessing the effects of this ASU, which exclude financial instruments
from its scope, but does not anticipate that it will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,
 Revenue From Contracts With Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date.  This ASU defers the effective date of
ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , issued in May 2014, by one year. ASU 2014-09 is discussed
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. The new guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted as of the date of the original effective date, for interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of ASU 2015-14
and ASU 2014-09. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-1,
 Financial Instruments Overall (Topic 825): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . The
amendments in ASU 2016-1: (a) require equity investments (except for those accounted for under the equity method of accounting
or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net
income; (b) simplify the impairment assessment of equity securities without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative
assessment to identify impairment; (c) eliminate the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method and significant
assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost
on the balance sheet; (d) require public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial
instruments for disclosure purposes; (e) require an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income, the portion of
the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity
has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments; (f) require
separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial assets on the
balance sheet or the notes to the financial statements; and (g) clarify that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation
allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred
tax assets. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance
on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . The FASB issued this ASU to increase transparency and comparability among organizations
by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases
under current U.S. GAAP and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The amendments in this ASU are effective for
public business entities for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2018.
Early application of this ASU is permitted for all entities. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new
guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07 ,
Investments   Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323), Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting .
The amendments eliminate the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase
in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and
retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods
that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional
interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of
accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. The amendments require that an entity
that has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting recognize through earnings
the unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes qualified for
use of the equity method. The amendments are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increase
the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the amendments on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08 ,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue versus Net)  ( ASU
2016-08 ), which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations in the new revenue recognition
standard. ASU 2016-08 clarifies how an entity should identify the unit of accounting (i.e. the specified good or service) for
the principal versus agent evaluation and how it should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements. The amendments
in ASU 2016-08 affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , and have similar
effective dates and transition requirements (i.e., effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim reporting periods therein). The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new revenue recognition guidance
on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  The amendments do
not change the core revenue recognition principle in Topic 606. The amendments provide clarifying guidance in certain narrow areas
and add some practical expedients. These amendments are effective at the same date that Topic 606 is effective. Topic 606 is effective
for public entities for annual reporting periods, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods, beginning
after December 15, 2017. Topic 606 is effective for nonpublic entities one year later. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of adopting the new revenue recognition guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which is essentially
the final rule on use of the so-called CECL model, or current expected credit losses. Among other things, the amendments in this
ASU require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical
experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will
now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied
today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit
losses. In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial
assets with credit deterioration. For SEC filers, the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019, with later effective dates for non-SEC registrant public companies
and other organizations. Early adoption will be permitted for all organizations for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the amendments in this ASU
on its consolidated financial statements, and is collecting data that will be needed to produce historical inputs into any models
created as a result of adopting this ASU. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,  to address diversity in
how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments provide
guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues: 1) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; 2) settlement of zero-coupon
debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest
rate of the borrowing; 3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; 4) proceeds from the settlement
of insurance claims; 5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance
policies; 6) distributions received from equity method investees; 7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and
8) separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The amendments are effective for public companies
for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the
amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods with fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. As this guidance only affects the classification
within the statement of cash flows, this ASU is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

NOTE 10 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT  

Measurement of fair value under U.S. GAAP
establishes a hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value, as of the measurement
date, into three broad levels, which are described below: 

Level 1:   Quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest
priority to Level 1 inputs. 

 Level 2:   Observable prices
that are based on inputs not quoted on active markets, but corroborated by market data. 

 Level 3:   Unobservable inputs
are used when little or no market data is available. The fair value hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs. 

In determining fair value, the Company
utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent
possible and also considers counterparty credit risk in its assessment of fair value. 

Debt Securities . Where quoted prices
are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the hierarchy. Level 1 securities include highly
liquid government securities such as U.S. Treasuries and exchange-traded equity securities. For securities traded in secondary
markets for which quoted market prices are not available, the Company generally relies on pricing services provided by independent
vendors. Such independent pricing services are to advise the Company on the carrying value of the securities available for sale
portfolio. As part of the Company s procedures, the price provided from the service is evaluated for reasonableness given
market changes. When a questionable price exists, the Company investigates further to determine if the price is valid. If needed,
other market participants may be utilized to determine the correct fair value. The Company has also reviewed and confirmed its
determinations in discussions with the pricing source regarding their methods of price discovery. Securities measured with these
techniques are classified within Level 2 of the hierarchy and often involve using quoted market prices for similar securities,
pricing models or discounted cash flow calculations using inputs observable in the market where available. Examples include U.S.
government agency securities, mortgage-backed securities, obligations of states and political subdivisions and certain corporate,
asset-backed and other securities. In cases where Level 1 or Level 2 inputs are not available, securities are classified in Level
3 of the hierarchy. 

Impaired Loans . Impaired loans
are measured and reported at fair value when full payment under the loan terms is not probable. Impaired loans are carried at
the present value of expected future cash flows using the loan s existing rate in a discounted cash flow calculation, or
the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral-dependent. Expected cash flows are based on internal inputs reflecting
expected default rates on contractual cash flows. This method of estimating fair value does not incorporate the exit-price concept
of fair value described in ASC 820-10 and would generally result in a higher value than the exit-price approach. For loans measured
using the estimated fair value of collateral less costs to sell, fair value is generally determined based on appraisals performed
by certified and licensed appraisers using inputs such as absorption rates, capitalization rates and market comparables, adjusted
for estimated costs to sell. Management modifies the appraised values, if needed, to take into account recent developments in
the market or other factors, such as changes in absorption rates or market conditions from the time of valuation, and anticipated
sales values considering management s plans for disposition. Such modifications to the appraised values could result in
lower valuations of such collateral. Estimated costs to sell are based on current amounts of disposal costs for similar assets.
These measurements are classified as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy. Impaired loans are subject to nonrecurring fair value
adjustment upon initial recognition or subsequent impairment. A portion of the allowance for loan losses is allocated to impaired
loans if the value of such loans is deemed to be less than the unpaid balance. Impaired loans are reviewed and evaluated on at
least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly based on the same factors identified above. The amount
recognized as an impairment charge related to impaired loans that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis was $3,544,000
and $6,090,000 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $1,573,000 and $5,209,000 during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Other Real Estate Owned . Other
real estate assets ( OREO ) acquired through, or in lieu of, foreclosure are held for sale and are initially recorded
at the lower of cost or fair value, less selling costs. Any write-downs to fair value at the time of transfer to OREO are charged
to the allowance for loan losses subsequent to foreclosure. Values are derived from appraisals of underlying collateral and discounted
cash flow analysis. Appraisals are performed by certified and licensed appraisers. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are updated
periodically and assets are marked to current fair value, not to exceed the new cost basis. In the determination of fair value
subsequent to foreclosure, management also considers other factors or recent developments, such as changes in absorption rates
and market conditions from the time of valuation, and anticipated sales values considering management s plans for disposition,
which could result in adjustment to lower the property value estimates indicated in the appraisals. These measurements are classified
as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy. Net losses on the sale and write-downs of OREO of $148,000 and $584,000 was recognized
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $248,000 and $477,000 for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, respectively. These charges were for write-downs in the value of OREO subsequent to foreclosure and
losses on the disposal of OREO. OREO is classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy. 

Residential real estate loan foreclosures
classified as OREO totaled $157,000 as of September 30, 2016 and $1,141,000 as of December 31, 2015. 

No residential real estate loans were
in the process of being foreclosed as of September 30, 2016. 

The following table presents the Company s
financial assets and financial liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015: 

The following table presents the Company s
financial assets and financial liabilities carried at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015: 

The fair value of a financial instrument
is the current amount that would be exchanged in a sale between willing parties, other than in a forced liquidation. Fair value
is best determined based upon quoted market prices. However, in many instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company s
various financial instruments. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using
present value or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the
discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. Accordingly, the fair value estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement
of the instrument. Current U.S. GAAP excludes certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments from its fair value
disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented may not necessarily represent the underlying
fair value of the Company. 

The following methods and assumptions
were used by the Company in estimating its fair value disclosures for financial instruments: 

Cash and due from banks:  The carrying
amounts reported in the statements of financial condition approximate those assets  fair values. 

Debt securities:  Where quoted prices
are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the hierarchy. Level 1 securities include highly
liquid government securities such as U.S. treasuries and exchange-traded equity securities. For securities traded in secondary
markets for which quoted market prices are not available, the Company generally relies on prices obtained from independent vendors.
Such independent pricing services are to advise the Company on the carrying value of the securities available for sale portfolio.
As part of the Company s procedures, the price provided from the service is evaluated for reasonableness given market changes.
When a questionable price exists, the Company investigates further to determine if the price is valid. If needed, other market
participants may be utilized to determine the correct fair value. The Company has also reviewed and confirmed its determinations
in discussions with the pricing service regarding their methods of price discovery. Securities measured with these techniques
are classified within Level 2 of the hierarchy and often involve using quoted market prices for similar securities, pricing models
or discounted cash flow calculations using inputs observable in the market where available. Examples include U.S. government agency
securities, mortgage-backed securities, obligations of states and political subdivisions, and certain corporate, asset-backed
and other securities. In cases where Level 1 or Level 2 inputs are not available, securities are classified in Level 3 of the
fair value hierarchy. 

Equity securities:  Fair values
for other investments are considered to be their cost as they are redeemed at par value. 

Federal funds sold:  The carrying
amounts reported in the statements of financial condition approximate those assets  fair values. 

Mortgage loans held for sale:  Loans
are committed to be delivered to investors on a  best efforts delivery  basis within 30 days of origination. Due to
this short turn-around time, the carrying amounts of the Company s agreements approximate their fair values. 

Bank owned life insurance contracts:
 The carrying amounts in the statements of condition approximate these assets  fair value. 

Loans, net:  For variable-rate loans
that re-price frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair value is based on carrying amounts. The fair value
of other loans (for example, fixed-rate commercial real estate loans, mortgage loans and industrial loans) is estimated using
discounted cash flow analysis, based on interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar
credit quality. Loan fair value estimates include judgments regarding future expected loss experience and risk characteristics.
The method of estimating fair value does not incorporate the exit-price concept of fair value as prescribed by ASC 820 and generally
produces a higher value than an exit-price approach. The measurement of the fair value of loans is classified within Level 3 of
the fair value hierarchy. 

Deposits:  The fair values disclosed
for demand deposits are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (that is, their carrying amounts).
The carrying amounts of variable-rate, fixed-term money market accounts and certificates of deposit approximate their fair values.
Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation using interest rates
currently offered for deposits with similar remaining maturities. The fair value of the Company s time deposits do not take
into consideration the value of the Company s long-term relationships with depositors, which may have significant value.
Measurements of the fair value of certificates of deposit are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Federal funds purchased:  The carrying
amounts in the statements of condition approximate these assets  fair value. 

Other borrowings:  The fair values
of other borrowings are estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis, based on interest rates currently being offered on the
best alternative debt available at the measurement date. These measurements are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

Loan commitments:  The fair values
of the Company s off-balance-sheet financial instruments are based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements.
Since the majority of the Company s other off-balance-sheet financial instruments consists of non-fee-producing, variable-rate
commitments, the Company has determined they do not have a distinguishable fair value. 

The carrying amount, estimated fair value,
and placement in the fair value hierarchy of the Company s financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 are presented in the following table. This table includes those financial assets and liabilities that are not measured and
reported at fair value on a recurring basis or nonrecurring basis. 

NOTE 11  - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Company has evaluated all subsequent
events through the date of this filing to ensure that this quarterly report on Form 10-Q includes appropriate disclosure of events
both recognized in the financial statements as of September 30, 2016, and events which occurred subsequent to September 30, 2016
but were not recognized in the financial statements. 

ITEM 2.   MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion and analysis
is designed to provide a better understanding of various factors relating to the results of operations and financial condition
of ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (the  Company ) and its wholly-owned subsidiary, ServisFirst Bank (the  Bank ).
This discussion is intended to supplement and highlight information contained in the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

Statements in this document that are not
historical facts, including, but not limited to, statements concerning future operations, results or performance, are hereby identified
as  forward-looking statements  for the purpose of the safe harbor provided by Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. The words  believe,   expect,   anticipate, 
 project,   plan,   intend,   will,   would,   might 
and similar expressions often signify forward-looking statements. Such statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. The
Company cautions that such forward-looking statements, wherever they occur in this quarterly report or in other statements attributable
to the Company, are necessarily estimates reflecting the judgment of the Company s senior management and involve a number
of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements.
Such forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various factors that could affect the accuracy of
such forward-looking statements, including: general economic conditions, especially in the credit markets and in the Southeast;
the performance of the capital markets; changes in interest rates, yield curves and interest rate spread relationships; changes
in accounting and tax principles, policies or guidelines; changes in legislation or regulatory requirements; changes in our loan
portfolio and deposit base; possible changes in laws and regulations and governmental monetary and fiscal policies, including,
but not limited to, economic stimulus initiatives; the cost and other effects of legal and administrative cases and similar contingencies;
possible changes in the creditworthiness of customers and the possible impairment of the collectability of loans and the value
of collateral; the effect of natural disasters, such as hurricanes and tornados, in our geographic markets; and increased competition
from both banks and non-banks. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. For discussion of these and other risks that may
cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
and  Risk Factors  in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings. If one or more of the
factors affecting our forward-looking information and statements proves incorrect, then our actual results, performance or achievements
could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, forward-looking information and statements contained herein. Accordingly,
you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. ServisFirst Bancshares,
Inc. assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements that are made from time to time. 

Business  

We are a bank holding company under the
Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and are headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, ServisFirst Bank,
an Alabama banking corporation, provides commercial banking services through nineteen full-service banking offices located in
Alabama, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and Tennessee. Through the Bank, we originate commercial, consumer and other loans and
accept deposits, provide electronic banking services, such as online and mobile banking, including remote deposit capture, deliver
treasury and cash management services and provide correspondent banking services to other financial institutions. 

Our principal business is to accept deposits
from the public and to make loans and other investments. Our principal sources of funds for loans and investments are demand,
time, savings, and other deposits (including negotiable orders of withdrawal, or NOW accounts). Our principal sources of income
are interest and fees collected on loans, interest and dividends collected on other investments and service charges. Our principal
expenses are interest paid on savings and other deposits (including NOW accounts), interest paid on our other borrowings, employee
compensation, office expenses, other overhead expenses and income taxes. 

Overview  

As of September 30, 2016, we had consolidated
total assets of $6.0 billion, an increase of $0.9 billion, or 17.6%, from $5.1 billion at December 31, 2015. Total loans were
$4.7 billion at September 30, 2016, up $0.5 billion, or 11.9%, from $4.2 billion at December 31, 2015. Total deposits were $5.1
billion at September 30, 2016, an increase of $0.9 billion, or 21.4%, from $4.2 billion at December 31, 2015. 

Net income available to common stockholders
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $20.9 million, an increase of $4.7 million, or 29.0%, from $16.2 million for
the corresponding period in 2015. Basic and diluted earnings per common share were $0.80 and $0.78, respectively, for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0.63 and $0.61, respectively, for the corresponding period in 2015. 

Net income available to common stockholders
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $59.7 million, an increase of $16.2 million, or 37.2%, from $43.5 million for
the corresponding period in 2015. Basic and diluted earnings per common share were $2.27 and $2.23, respectively, for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.70 and $1.65, respectively, for the corresponding period in 2015. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The accounting and financial policies
of the Company conform to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) and to general practices within
the banking industry. To prepare consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, management makes estimates and
assumptions based on available information. These estimates and assumptions affect the amounts reported in the financial statements
and the disclosures provided, and future results could differ. The allowance for loan losses, valuation of foreclosed real estate,
deferred taxes, and fair value of financial instruments are particularly subject to change. Information concerning our accounting
policies with respect to these items is available in Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Financial Condition  

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

As of September 30, 2016, we had $181.6
million in federal funds sold, compared to $34.8 million at December 31, 2015. We also maintain balances at the Federal Reserve
Bank of Atlanta, which earn interest. At September 30, 2016, we had $551.8 million in balances at the Federal Reserve, compared
to $269.4 million at December 31, 2015. This increase in balances at the Federal Reserve is due to excess liquidity resulting
from growth in deposits. 

Debt Securities   

Debt securities available for sale totaled
$351.4 million at September 30, 2016 and $342.9 million at December 31, 2015. Debt securities held to maturity totaled $25.9 million
at September 30, 2016 and $27.4 million at December 31, 2015. We sold two corporate bonds for total aggregate proceeds of $6.0
million and one municipal bond for proceeds of $0.1 million. We had pay downs of $22.8 million on mortgage-backed securities and
maturities and calls of $28.4 million in government agency and municipal securities during the nine months ended September 30,
2016. We bought $51.8 million in mortgage-backed securities, $11.9 million in municipal securities and $2.2 million in small business
investment company (SBIC) debentures during the first nine months of 2016. Three municipal securities bought are classified as
held to maturity. All other securities bought are classified as available for sale. 

The objective of our investment policy
is to invest funds not otherwise needed to meet our loan demand to earn the maximum return, yet still maintain sufficient liquidity
to meet fluctuations in our loan demand and deposit structure. In doing so, we balance the market and credit risks against the
potential investment return, make investments compatible with the pledge requirements of any deposits of public funds, maintain
compliance with regulatory investment requirements, and assist certain public entities with their financial needs. The investment
committee has full authority over the investment portfolio and makes decisions on purchases and sales of securities. The entire
portfolio, along with all investment transactions occurring since the previous board of directors meeting, is reviewed by the
board at each monthly meeting. The investment policy allows portfolio holdings to include short-term securities purchased to provide
us with needed liquidity and longer term securities purchased to generate level income for us over periods of interest rate fluctuations. 

Each quarter, management assesses whether
there have been events or economic circumstances indicating that a security on which there is an unrealized loss is other-than-temporarily
impaired. Management considers several factors, including the amount and duration of the impairment; the intent and ability of
the Company to hold the security for a period sufficient for a recovery in value; and known recent events specific to the issuer
or its industry. In analyzing an issuer s financial condition, management considers whether the securities are issued by
agencies of the federal government, whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred, and industry analysts  reports,
among other things. As we currently do not have the intent to sell these securities and it is not more likely than not that we
will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity, and impairment
positions at September 30, 2016 are interest-rate driven, no declines are deemed to be other than temporary. We will continue
to evaluate our investment securities for possible other-than-temporary impairment, which could result in non-cash charges to
earnings in one or more future periods. 

All securities held are traded in liquid
markets. As of September 30, 2016, we owned restricted securities of the Federal Home Loan Bank with an aggregate book value and
market value of $4.7 million, securities of First National Bankers Bank with an aggregate book value and market value of $0.4
million, securities of a fund that invests in Community Reinvestment Act-qualifying real estate with a book value and market value
of $0.5 million, and securities of a bank holding company in Georgia with a book value and market value of $0.1 million. We had
no investments in any one security, restricted or liquid, in excess of 10% of our stockholders  equity. 

The Bank does not invest in collateralized
debt obligations ( CDOs ). All corporate bonds had a Standard and Poor s or Moody s rating of A-1 or better
when purchased. The total investment portfolio at September 30, 2016 has a combined average credit rating of AA. 

The carrying value of investment securities
pledged to secure public funds on deposit and for other purposes as required by law was $248.1 million and $245.5 million as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Loans  

We had total loans of $4.7 billion at
September 30, 2016, an increase of $0.5 billion, or 11.9%, compared to $4.2 billion at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016,
the percentage of our loans in each of our regions was as follows: 

Percentage of Total  Loans in MSA     
 
     Birmingham-Hoover, AL MSA    
        44.4  %  
 
     Huntsville, AL MSA    
        9.7  %  
 
     Dothan, AL MSA    
        9.7  %  
 
     Montgomery, AL MSA    
        7.9  %  
 
     Mobile, AL MSA    
        5.9  %  
 
     Total Alabama MSAs    
        77.6  %  
 
     Pensacola-Ferry Pass-Brent, FL MSA    
        7.1  %  
 
     Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL MSA    
        0.6  %  
 
     Total Florida MSAs    
        7.7  %  
 
     Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA MSA    
        4.0  %  
 
     Nashville-Davidson-Murfreesboro-Franklin, TN MSA    
        8.2  %  
 
     Charleston-North Charleston, SC MSA    
        2.5  %  

Asset Quality  

The allowance for loan losses is established
and maintained at levels management deems adequate to absorb anticipated credit losses from identified and otherwise inherent
risks in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. In assessing the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, management
considers its evaluation of the loan portfolio, past due loan experience, collateral values, current economic conditions and other
factors considered necessary to maintain the allowance at an adequate level. Our management believes that the allowance was adequate
at September 30, 2016. 

The following table presents the allocation
of the allowance for loan losses for each respective loan category with the corresponding percentage of loans in each category
to total loans. Management believes that the comprehensive allowance analysis developed by our credit administration group is
in compliance with all current regulatory guidelines. 

Nonperforming Assets  

Total nonperforming loans, which include
nonaccrual loans and loans 90 or more days past due and still accruing, decreased $1.1 million to $6.7 million at September 30,
2016, compared to $7.8 million at December 31, 2015. Of this total, nonaccrual loans were $6.6 million at September 30, 2016,
compared to $7.8 million at December 31, 2015, a decrease of $1.2 million. There were three loans 90 or more days past due and
still accruing totaling $43,000 at September 30, 2016, compared to one loan 90 or more days past due and still accruing totaling
$1,000, at December 31, 2015. Troubled Debt Restructurings ( TDR ) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were
$6.7 million and $7.7 million, respectively. There no loans newly classified as TDR for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016. There were no renewals of existing TDRs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and two renewals of existing TDRs
totaling $600,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no loans newly classified as a TDR or renewals of existing
TDRs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

OREO and repossessed assets decreased
to $3.0 million at September 30, 2016, from $5.4 million at December 31, 2015. The total number of OREO and repossessed asset
accounts decreased to eight at September 30, 2016, compared to 18 at December 31, 2015. The following table summarizes OREO and
repossessed asset activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table summarizes our nonperforming
assets and TDRs at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The balance of nonperforming assets can
fluctuate due to changes in economic conditions. We have established a policy to discontinue accruing interest on a loan (i.e.,
place the loan on nonaccrual status) after it has become 90 days delinquent as to payment of principal or interest, unless the
loan is considered to be well-collateralized and is actively in the process of collection. In addition, a loan will be placed
on nonaccrual status before it becomes 90 days delinquent unless management believes that the collection of interest is expected.
Interest previously accrued but uncollected on such loans is reversed and charged against current income when the receivable is
determined to be uncollectible. Interest income on nonaccrual loans is recognized only as received. If we believe that a loan
will not be collected in full, we will increase the allowance for loan losses to reflect management s estimate of any potential
exposure or loss. Generally, payments received on nonaccrual loans are applied directly to principal. 

Impaired Loans and Allowance for Loan
Losses  

As of September 30, 2016, we had impaired
loans of $78.6 million, inclusive of nonaccrual loans, an increase of $45.1 million from $33.5 million as of December 31, 2015.
This increase is attributable to loans totaling $53.5 million newly classified as specifically impaired, partially offset by net
loan pay downs and upgrades of $3.3 million, loan charge-offs of $3.2 million and OREO transfers of $1.9 million. We allocated
$7.9 million of our allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 to these impaired loans, an increase of $2.2 million compared
to $5.7 million as of December 31, 2015. During the third quarter, we downgraded four secured credit relationships totaling $35.1
million to substandard. These are long-term secured relationships that, when tested for impairment, result in one relationship
requiring specific impairment of $504,000. Management will continue working these credit relationships in an ordinary, customary
manner and expects losses to be minimal. A loan is considered impaired, based on current information and events, if it is probable
that we will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms
of the original loan agreement. Impairment does not always indicate credit loss, but provides an indication of collateral exposure
based on prevailing market conditions and third-party valuations. Impaired loans are measured by either the present value of expected
future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair
value of the collateral if the loan is collateral-dependent. The amount of impairment, if any, and subsequent changes are included
in the allowance for loan losses. Interest on accruing impaired loans is recognized as long as such loans do not meet the criteria
for nonaccrual status. Our credit administration group performs verification and testing to ensure appropriate identification
of impaired loans and that proper reserves are held on these loans. 

Of the $78.6 million of impaired loans
reported as of September 30, 2016, $34.5 million were commercial, financial and agricultural loans, $9.9 million were real estate
construction loans and $34.2 million were real estate mortgage loans. 

Deposits  

Total deposits increased $0.9 billion,
or 21.4%, to $5.1 billion at September 30, 2016 compared to $4.2 billion at December 31, 2015. We anticipate long-term sustainable
growth in deposits through continued development of market share in our regions. 

For amounts and rates of our deposits
by category, see the table  Average Consolidated Balance Sheets and Net Interest Analysis on a Fully Taxable-equivalent
Basis  under the subheading  Net Interest Income.  

Other Borrowings  

Our borrowings consist of federal funds
purchased, subordinated notes payable and Federal Home Loan Bank advances. We had $344.4 million and $352.4 million at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, in federal funds purchased from correspondent banks that are clients of our correspondent
banking unit. The average rate paid on these borrowings was 0.64% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. Other borrowings consist
of the following: 

Liquidity  

Liquidity is defined as our ability to
generate sufficient cash to fund current loan demand, deposit withdrawals, and other cash demands and disbursement needs, and
otherwise to operate on an ongoing basis. 

The retention of existing deposits and
attraction of new deposit sources through new and existing customers is critical to our liquidity position. If our liquidity were
to decline due to a run-off in deposits, we have procedures that provide for certain actions under varying liquidity conditions.
These actions include borrowing from existing correspondent banks, selling or participating loans, and curtailing loan commitments
and funding. At September 30, 2016, liquid assets, which are represented by cash and due from banks, federal funds sold and unpledged
available-for-sale securities, totaled $947.4 million. On September 1, 2016, we entered into a Loan Agreement with NexBank SSB
providing for revolving loans of up to an aggregate principal amount of $25.0 million. Borrowings under the Loan Agreement accrue
interest at the three-month LIBOR rate plus 3.25% per annum. The Loan Agreement matures September 1, 2019. As of September 30,
2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under the Loan Agreement. Additionally, the Bank had additional borrowing availability
of approximately $345.0 million in unused federal funds lines of credit with regional banks, subject to certain restrictions and
collateral requirements. We believe these sources of funding are adequate to meet immediate anticipated funding needs. Our management
meets on a quarterly basis to review sources and uses of funding to determine the appropriate strategy to ensure an appropriate
level of liquidity. At the current time, our long-term liquidity needs primarily relate to funds required to support loan originations
and commitments and deposit withdrawals. Our regular sources of funding are from the growth of our deposit base, correspondent
banking relationships and related federal funds purchased, repayment of principal and interest on loans, the sale of loans and
the renewal of time deposits. In addition, we have issued debt as described above under  Other Borrowings . 

We are subject to general FDIC guidelines
that require a minimum level of liquidity. Management believes our liquidity ratios meet or exceed these guidelines. Our management
is not currently aware of any trends or demands that are reasonably likely to result in liquidity materially increasing or decreasing. 

The following table reflects the contractual
maturities of our term liabilities as of September 30, 2016. The amounts shown do not reflect any early withdrawal or prepayment
assumptions. 

(1) Excludes interest 

 (2) Certificates of deposit give customers the right to early
withdrawal. Early withdrawals may be subject to penalties. 

 The penalty amount depends on the remaining time to maturity
at the time of early withdrawal. 

Capital Adequacy  

As of September 30, 2016, our most recent
notification from the FDIC categorized us as well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To
remain categorized as well-capitalized, we must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, and Tier 1 leverage ratios
as disclosed in the table below. Our management believes that we are well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action provisions
as of September 30, 2016. 

We issued subordinated notes payable in
the aggregate amount of $34.75 million on July 15, 2015. The notes qualify as Tier 2 Capital. We used the proceeds from the issuance
of the notes to redeem our Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, issued to the United States Department of
the Treasury on June 21, 2011. 

In July 2013, the Federal Reserve
announced its approval of a final rule to implement the regulatory capital reforms developed by the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision ( Basel III ), among other changes required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act.  The new rules became effective January 1, 2015, subject to a phase-in period for certain aspects of the new
rules. In order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executives, under the new rules a
covered banking organization will also be required to maintain a  capital conservation buffer  in addition to its
minimum risk-based capital requirements. This buffer will be required to consist solely of common equity Tier 1, and the buffer
will apply to all three risk-based measurements (CET1, Tier 1 capital and total capital). The capital conservation buffer will
be phased in incrementally over time, beginning January 1, 2016 and becoming fully effective on January 1, 2019, and
will ultimately consist of an additional amount of Tier 1 common equity equal to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets. 

The following table sets forth (i) the
capital ratios required by the FDIC and the Alabama Banking Department s leverage ratio requirement and (ii) our actual
ratios of capital to total regulatory or risk-weighted assets, as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

In the normal course of business, we are
a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk to meet the financing needs of our customers. These financial instruments
include commitments to extend credit beyond current fundings, credit card arrangements, standby letters of credit, and financial
guarantees. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in
our balance sheet. The contract or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement we have in those particular
financial instruments. 

Our exposure to credit loss in the event
of non-performance by the other party to such financial instruments is represented by the contractual or notional amount of those
instruments. We use the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as we do for on-balance sheet instruments.
As of September 30, 2016, we have reserved $500,000 for losses on such off-balance sheet arrangements consistent with guidance
in the Federal Reserve Bank s Interagency Policy Statement SR 06-17. 

As part of our mortgage operations, we
originate and sell certain loans to investors in the secondary market. We continue to experience a manageable level of investor
repurchase demands. For loans sold, we have an obligation to either repurchase the outstanding principal balance of a loan or
make the purchaser whole for the economic benefits of a loan if it is determined that the loans sold were in violation of representations
and warranties made by the Bank at the time of the sale. Representations and warranties typically include those made regarding
loans that had missing or insufficient file documentation or loans obtained through fraud by borrowers or other third parties
such as appraisers. We had a reserve of $368,000 as of September 30, 2016 and $91,000 as of December 31, 2015 for the settlement
of any repurchase demands by investors. In December 2014, we repurchased one loan with a principal balance of $292,000 from an
investor due to a loan-to-value ( LTV ) exception. We resold this loan during the second quarter of 2016, and such
sales proceeds were posted back into this reserve account. 

Financial instruments whose contract amounts
represent credit risk at September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

Commitments to extend credit beyond current
funded amounts are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the applicable
loan agreement. Such commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of
a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily
represent future cash requirements. We evaluate each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of
collateral obtained if deemed necessary by us upon extension of credit is based on our management s credit evaluation. Collateral
held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment and income-producing commercial properties. 

Standby letters of credit are conditional
commitments issued by us to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to
support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. All letters
of credit are due within one year or less of the original commitment date. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit
is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. 

Federal funds lines of credit are uncommitted
lines issued to downstream correspondent banks for the purpose of providing liquidity to them. The lines are unsecured, and we
have no obligation to sell federal funds to the correspondent, nor does the correspondent have any obligation to request or accept
purchases of federal funds from us. 

Results of Operations  

Summary of Net Income   

Net income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $20.9 million compared to net income of $16.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Net
income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $59.7 million compared to net income of $43.8 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. Core net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $45.6 million. Core net income excludes
the impact of non-routine expenses associated with the Metro merger and the initial funding of reserves for unfunded loan commitments
during the comparative periods, as more fully discussed in  Noninterest Expense  below. For a reconciliation of these
non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measure, see  GAAP Reconciliation and Management Explanation of Non-GAAP Financial
Measures  below. The increase in net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily
the result of a $6.0 million increase in net interest income as a result of growth in average earning assets. We recognized a
$1.2 million credit to our income tax expense during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of early adopting ASU
2016-09 in the second quarter of 2016. See further details of the adoption of this new accounting rule in  Income Tax Expense 
below. Non-interest expenses increased $1.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2015. The increase
in net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily the result of a $18.9 million increase
in net interest income as a result of growth in average earning assets and a $4.7 million reduction in our income tax expense
as a result of adopting ASU 2016-09, offset by a $4.0 million increase in noninterest expense. 

Basic and diluted net income per common
share were $0.80 and $0.78, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0.63 and $0.61, respectively,
for the corresponding period in 2015. Basic and diluted net income per common share were $2.27 and $2.23, respectively, for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.70 and $1.65, respectively, for the corresponding period in 2015. Core basic
and diluted earnings per share were $1.77 and $1.72, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Return on average
assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 1.39% and 1.43%, respectively, compared to 1.38% and 1.32%,
respectively, for the corresponding periods in 2015. Core return on average assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2015
was 1.37%. Return on average common stockholders  equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 16.66%
and 16.60% compared to 15.52% and 14.40%, respectively, for the corresponding periods in 2015. Core return on average common stockholders 
equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was 14.99%. 

Net Interest Income  

Net interest income is the difference
between the income earned on interest-earning assets and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities used to support such assets.
The major factors which affect net interest income are changes in volumes, the yield on interest-earning assets and the cost of
interest-bearing liabilities. Our management s ability to respond to changes in interest rates by effective asset-liability
management techniques is critical to maintaining the stability of the net interest margin and the momentum of our primary source
of earnings. 

Taxable-equivalent net interest income
increased $6.0 million, or 14.2%, to $48.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $42.4 million for
the corresponding period in 2015, and increased $18.8 million, or 15.6%, to $139.5 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $120.7 million for the corresponding period in 2015. This increase was primarily attributable to growth in
average earning assets, which increased $1.3 billion, or 28.9%, from the third quarter of 2015 to the third quarter of 2016, and
$1.2 billion, or 28.6%, from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the same period in 2016. The taxable-equivalent yield
on interest-earning assets decreased to 3.81% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 4.18% for the corresponding period
in 2015, and decreased to 3.93% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 4.21% for the corresponding period in 2015.
The yield on loans for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was 4.48%, unchanged from the corresponding period in 2015, and
was 4.48% compared to 4.49% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. Loan fees included
in the yield calculation increased to $635,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $373,000 for the corresponding
period in 2015, and increased to $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $883,000 for the corresponding
period in 2015. The cost of total interest-bearing liabilities increased to 0.64% for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to 0.57% for the corresponding period in 2015, and increased to 0.63% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from
0.54% for the corresponding period in 2015. Increased balances in federal funds purchased from banks who are customers of our
correspondent banking division contributed to this increase in cost of funds. We introduced a new 30-day term federal funds product
which has a higher rate than the overnight rate we have historically offered. Net interest margin for the three months ended September
30, 2016 was 3.35% compared to 3.77% for the corresponding period in 2015, and 3.47% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to 3.82% for the corresponding period in 2015. Increases in liquid assets were the primary contributor to the decreases
in net interest margin for the comparative three-month and nine-month periods. 

The following tables show, for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the average balances of each principal category of our assets,
liabilities and stockholders  equity, and an analysis of net interest revenue. The accompanying tables reflect changes in
our net interest margin as a result of changes in the volume and rate of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities
for the same periods. Changes as a result of mix or the number of days in the periods have been allocated to the volume and rate
changes in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each. The tables are presented on a
taxable-equivalent basis where applicable: 

Average Consolidated Balance Sheets and
Net Interest Analysis 

 On a Fully Taxable-Equivalent Basis 

 For the Three Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 

 (Dollar Amounts In Thousands) 

(2)  Interest income and yields are presented on a fully taxable equivalent
                                         basis using a tax rate of 35%.   

Our growth in loans and non-interest bearing
deposits continues to drive favorable volume component change and overall change. However, we have experienced an unfavorable
variance relating to the interest rate component because yields on loans have remained flat while rates paid on deposits have
increased. Accordingly, the prolonged low interest rate environment has resulted in a compression of the net interest margin percentage.
Maintenance of higher levels of liquidity has also decreased the net interest margin in the third quarter of 2016 as compared
to the third quarter of 2015. 

Average Consolidated
Balance Sheets and Net Interest Analysis 

 On a Fully Taxable-Equivalent
Basis 

 For the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

 (Dollar Amounts In
Thousands) 

(2)  Interest income and yields are presented on a fully taxable equivalent
                                         basis using a tax rate of 35%.   

Our growth in loans and non-interest bearing
deposits continues to drive favorable volume component change and overall change. However, we have experienced an unfavorable
variance relating to the interest rate component because yields on loans have remained relatively flat while rates paid on deposits
have increased. Accordingly, the prolonged low interest rate environment has resulted in a compression of the net interest margin
percentage. Maintenance of higher levels of liquidity has also decreased the net interest margin in the 2016 period compared to
2015. 

Provision for Loan Losses  

The provision for loan losses represents
the amount determined by management to be necessary to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level capable of absorbing
inherent losses in the loan portfolio. Our management reviews the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses on a quarterly basis.
The allowance for loan losses calculation is segregated into various segments that include classified loans, loans with specific
allocations and pass rated loans. A pass rated loan is generally characterized by a very low to average risk of default and in
which management perceives there is a minimal risk of loss. Loans are rated using a nine-point risk grade scale with loan officers
having the primary responsibility for assigning risk grades and for the timely reporting of changes in the risk grades. Based
on these processes, and the assigned risk grades, the criticized and classified loans in the portfolio are segregated into the
following regulatory classifications: Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful or Loss, with some general allocation of reserve
based on these grades. At September 30, 2016, total loans rated Special Mention, Substandard, and Doubtful were $137.3 million,
or 3.0% of total loans, compared to $117.0 million, or 2.8% of total loans, at December 31, 2015. Impaired loans are reviewed
specifically and separately under FASB ASC 310-30-35, Subsequent Measurement of Impaired Loans, to determine the appropriate reserve
allocation. Our management compares the investment in an impaired loan with the present value of expected future cash flow discounted
at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral, if
the loan is collateral-dependent, to determine the specific reserve allowance. Reserve percentages assigned to non-impaired loans
are based on historical charge-off experience adjusted for other risk factors. To evaluate the overall adequacy of the allowance
to absorb losses inherent in our loan portfolio, our management considers historical loss experience based on volume and types
of loans, trends in classifications, volume and trends in delinquencies and nonaccruals, economic conditions and other pertinent
information. Based on future evaluations, additional provisions for loan losses may be necessary to maintain the allowance for
loan losses at an appropriate level. 

The provision for loan losses was $3.5
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $0.4 million from $3.1 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015, and was $9.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a $0.2 million decrease, compared to $9.5
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Nonperforming loans decreased to $6.7 million, or 0.14% of total loans,
at September 30, 2016 from $7.8 million, or 0.18% of total loans, at December 31, 2015, and were also lower than $10.4 million,
or 0.26% of total loans, at September 30, 2015. Impaired loans increased to $78.6 million, or 1.69% of total loans, at September
30, 2016, compared to $33.5 million, or 0.80% of total loans, at December 31, 2015. The allowance for loan losses totaled $48.9
million, or 1.05% of total loans, net of unearned income, at September 30, 2016, compared to $43.4 million, or 1.03% of loans,
net of unearned income, at December 31, 2015. 

Noninterest Income  

Noninterest income totaled $4.8 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $1.1 million, or 28.2%, compared to the corresponding period in
2015, and totaled $12.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $2.0 million, or 19.5%, compared
to the corresponding period in 2015. Service charges on deposit accounts increased $0.1 million, or 6.9%, to $1.4 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.3 million for the same period in 2015, and increased by $0.2 million
to $4.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.8 million for the same period in 2015. Mortgage banking
income increased $0.2 million, or 27.4%, to $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.9 million
for the same period in 2015, and increased $0.6 million, or 30.0%, to $2.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $2.1 million for the same period in 2015. This increase resulted from improved operations, translating to increased
net gains on sales. Income from credit cards increased to $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $0.6
million for the same period in 2015, and increased to $2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.4
million for the same period in 2015. This increase in credit card income resulted from a 58% increase in the volume of spending
and a 62% increase in the number of credit card accounts year-over-year. 

Noninterest Expense  

Noninterest expense totaled $20.2 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $1.9 million, or 10.5%, compared to $18.2 million for the same period
in 2015, and totaled $59.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $4.0 million, or 7.2%, compared
to $55.0 million for the same period in 2015. 

Details of expenses are as follows: 

Occupancy
                                         expense increased $0.5 million, or 33.3%, to $2.1 million for the three months ended
                                         September 30, 2016 from $1.6 million for the corresponding period in 2015, and increased
                                         $1.2 million, or 25.4%, to $6.1 million from $4.9 million for the nine months ended September
                                         30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period in 2015. New main offices were opened in
                                         our Mobile, Alabama, Charleston, South Carolina and Nashville, Tennessee regions during
                                         the first quarter of 2016. Also, we accelerated depreciation of leasehold improvements
                                         for our headquarters building in Birmingham, Alabama to coincide with the date we move
                                         into our new headquarters building, which we anticipate will be in the second half of
                                         2017.   

Professional
                                         services expense increased $0.5 million, or 76.9%, to $1.2 million for the three months
                                         ended September 30, 2016 from $0.7 million for the corresponding period in 2015, and
                                         increased $1.0 million, or 53.6%, to $2.9 million from $1.9 million for the nine months
                                         ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period in 2015. This increase
                                         resulted from accruals for pending legal matters. We accrue for our estimated legal liability
                                         up to our insurance deductible for each applicable legal matter. We accrued $0.4 million
                                         during the third quarter of 2016 and $0.8 million during the nine months ended September
                                         30, 2016 for such legal matters.   

Federal
                                         deposit insurance and other regulatory assessments increased $0.1 million to $0.8 million
                                         for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, and
                                         increased $0.4 million to $2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
                                         to the same period in 2015. This increase is driven by growth in risk weighted assets.   

Merger
                                         expenses related to the acquisition of Metro in the first quarter of 2015 were $2.1 million.   

Other
                                         operating expenses increased $0.6 million to $5.0 million for the three months ended
                                         September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, and increased $0.9 million to
                                         $14.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period
                                         in 2015. Increases in Federal Reserve Bank service charges of $0.1 million and $0.3 million
                                         for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the corresponding
                                         periods in 2015 are the result of increased clearing services for correspondent bank
                                         clients. Expenses relating to our growth in loans and expansion into new regions also
                                         contributed to the increased other operating expenses in the 2016 periods. Higher state
                                         sales taxes related to materials purchased for our new headquarter building in Birmingham,
                                         Alabama contributed to higher other operating expenses, but are overall expense neutral
                                         considering a credit we take against our Alabama corporate income tax. During the first
                                         quarter of 2015, we recognized $0.5 million in other expense as an initial funding of
                                         reserves for unfunded loan commitments. Without this one-time initial funding of reserves,
                                         other operating expenses would have increased by $1.4 million, or 11.1% from the nine
                                         months ended September 30, 2015 to the same period this year.   

The following table presents our non-interest
income and non-interest expense for the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in
2015. 

Income Tax Expense  

Income tax expense was $8.2 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $8.0 million for the same period in 2015, and was $22.0 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $20.9 million for the same period in 2015. Our effective tax rate for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 28.11% and 26.95%, respectively, compared to 33.01% and 32.30%, respectively, for
the corresponding periods in 2015. In the second quarter of 2016 we early adopted the amendments in Accounting Standards Update
2016-09. We recognized excess tax benefits as a credit to our income tax expense from the exercise and vesting of stock options
and restricted stock of $1.2 million in the third quarter of 2016 and $4.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
Previously under generally accepted accounting principles, such credits were reflected within additional paid-in capital. Our
primary permanent differences are related to tax exempt income on securities, state income tax benefit on real estate investment
trust dividends, various qualifying tax credits and the change in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance. 

We own real estate investment trusts for
the purpose of holding and managing participations in residential mortgages and commercial real estate loans originated by the
Bank. The trusts are majority-owned subsidiaries of a trust holding company, which in turn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Bank. The trusts earn interest income on the loans they hold and incur operating expenses related to their activities. They pay
their net earnings, in the form of dividends, to the Bank, which receives a deduction for state income taxes. 

GAAP Reconciliation and Management Explanation of Non-GAAP
Financial Measures  

As discussed in more detail in the section
titled  Noninterest Expense,  we recorded expenses of $2.1 million for the first quarter of 2015 related to the acquisition
of Metro and the merger of Metro Bank with and into the Bank, and recorded an expense of $0.5 million resulting from the initial
funding of reserves for unfunded loan commitments as of March 31, 2015, consistent with guidance provided in the Federal Reserve
Bank s Inter-agency Policy Statement SR 06-17. The non-GAAP financial measures included in this quarterly report on Form
10-Q of our results for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 are  core net income,   core net income available
to common stockholders,   core diluted earnings per share,   core return on average assets  and
 core return on average common stockholders  equity.  Each of these five core financial measures excludes the
impact of the merger expenses and the initial funding of the reserve for unfunded loan commitments. None of the other periods
included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q are affected by such non-routine expenses. 

Core net income  is defined
as net income, adjusted by the net effect of the non-routine expense. 

Core net income available to common
stockholders  is defined as net income available to common stockholders, adjusted by the net effect of the non-routine expense. 

Core diluted earnings per share 
is defined as net income available to common stockholders, adjusted by the net effect of the non-routine expense, divided by weighted
average diluted shares outstanding. 

Core return on average assets 
is defined as net income, adjusted by the net effect of the non-routine expense, divided by average total assets. 

Core return of average common stockholders 
equity  is defined as net income, adjusted by the net effect of the non-routine expense, divided by average common stockholders 
equity. 

We believe these non-GAAP financial measures
provide useful information to management and investors that is supplementary to our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows computed in accordance with GAAP; however, we acknowledge that these non-GAAP financial measures have a number
of limitations. As such, you should not view these disclosures as a substitute for results determined in accordance with GAAP,
and they are not necessarily comparable to non-GAAP financial measures that other companies, including those in our industry,
use. The following reconciliation table provides a more detailed analysis of the non-GAAP financial measures as of and for the
nine month period ended September 30, 2015. Dollars are in thousands, except share and per share data. 

* Core measures exclude non-routine expenses during the
comparative periods presented in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q as more fully described in  GAAP Reconciliation and Management
Explanation on Non-GAAP Financial Measures  above.  

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Like all financial institutions, we are
subject to market risk from changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk is inherent in the balance sheet due to the mismatch
between the maturities of rate-sensitive assets and rate-sensitive liabilities. If rates are rising, and the level of rate-sensitive
liabilities exceeds the level of rate-sensitive assets, the net interest margin will be negatively impacted. Conversely, if rates
are falling, and the level of rate-sensitive liabilities is greater than the level of rate-sensitive assets, the impact on the
net interest margin will be favorable. Managing interest rate risk is further complicated by the fact that all rates do not change
at the same pace; in other words, short-term rates may be rising while longer-term rates remain stable. In addition, different
types of rate-sensitive assets and rate-sensitive liabilities react differently to changes in rates. 

To manage interest rate risk, we must
take a position on the expected future trend of interest rates. Rates may rise, fall or remain the same. Our asset-liability committee
develops its view of future rate trends and strives to manage rate risk within a targeted range by monitoring economic indicators,
examining the views of economists and other experts, and understanding the current status of our balance sheet. Our annual budget
reflects the anticipated rate environment for the next 12 months. The asset-liability committee conducts a quarterly analysis
of the rate sensitivity position and reports its results to our board of directors. 

The asset-liability committee thoroughly
analyzes the maturities of rate-sensitive assets and liabilities. This analysis measures the  gap , which is defined
as the difference between the dollar amount of rate-sensitive assets repricing during a period and the volume of rate-sensitive
liabilities repricing during the same period. The gap is also expressed as the ratio of rate-sensitive assets divided by rate-sensitive
liabilities. If the ratio is greater than one, the dollar value of assets exceeds the dollar value of liabilities; the balance
sheet is  asset-sensitive.  Conversely, if the value of liabilities exceeds the value of assets, the ratio is less
than one and the balance sheet is  liability-sensitive.  Our internal policy requires management to maintain the gap
such that net interest margins will not change more than 10% if interest rates change 100 basis points or more than 15% if interest
rates change 200 basis points. There have been no changes to our policies or procedures for analyzing our interest rate risk since
December 31, 2015, and there are no significant changes to our sensitivity to changes in interest rates since December 31, 2015
as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES  

CEO and CFO Certification . 

Appearing as exhibits to this report are
Certifications of our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and our Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ). The Certifications
are required to be made by Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ). This item contains the information about the evaluation that is referred to in the Certifications, and the information
set forth below in this Item 4 should be read in conjunction with the Certifications for a more complete understanding of the
Certifications. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures.   

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing
and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 

We conducted an evaluation (the  Evaluation )
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, as of September 30, 2016. Based upon the Evaluation, our CEO and CFO
have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that material information
relating to ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. and its subsidiaries is made known to management, including the CEO and CFO, particularly
during the period when our periodic reports are being prepared. 

There have not been any changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter to which
this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

From time to time we may be a party to
various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings
except as disclosed in Item 3,  Legal Proceedings , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2015, and there has been no material change in any matter described therein. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Our business is influenced by many factors
that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond our control.
We have identified a number of these risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015,
which should be taken into consideration when reviewing the information contained in this report. There have been no material
changes with regard to the risk factors previously disclosed in the Form 10-K. For other factors that may cause actual results
to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see  Forward-Looking
Statements  under Part 1, Item 2 above. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

None 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS
UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

Exhibit:   
       
      Description   
 
      10.1  
       
      First Amendment to the ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. Amended
    and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan.   
 
      10.2  
       
      First Amendment to the ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. Amended
    and Restated 2005 Stock Incentive Plan.   
 
      10.3  
       
      Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Pursuant to the ServisFirst
    Bancshares, Inc. Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan.   
 
      10.4  
       
      Loan Agreement dated as of September 1, 2016 by and between
    ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. and NexBank SSB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed September 2, 2016).   
 
      10.5  
       
      Revolving Promissory Note dated as of September 1, 2016 (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 2, 2016).   
 
      10.6  
       
      Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of September 1, 2016
    by and between ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. and NexBank SSB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 2, 2016).   
 
      31.01   
       
      Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Rule
    13a-14(a).   
 
      31.02   
       
      Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Rule
    13a-14(a).   
 
      32.01   
       
      Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to 18
    U.S.C. Section 1350.   
 
      32.02   
       
      Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to 18
    U.S.C. Section 1350.   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC.   

Date: November 1, 2016  
      By  
      /s/ Thomas
    A. Broughton  III  

Thomas A. Broughton III  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 1, 2016  
      By   
      /s/ William
    M. Foshee  

William M. Foshee  

Chief Financial Officer  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v450747_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE   

  SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC.  

  AMENDED AND RESTATED  

  2009 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN  

WHEREAS , ServisFirst
Bancshares, Inc. (the  Company ) has established and currently maintains the Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive
Plan (the  Plan ); and 

WHEREAS , the Company
desires to amend the Plan to provide for the net settlement of Option exercises and to designate the treatment of shares of Common
Stock withheld for payment of such exercise price or payment of any federal, state, local or employment taxes; and 

WHEREAS , the Board
of Directors of the Company has the authority to adopt the below amendments to the Plan; and 

WHEREAS , the Board
of Directors has approved of such amendments to the Plan. 

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT
RESOLVED , that the following amendments shall be made to the Plan: 

1.          The
Plan is hereby amended by adding the following sentence to the end of Section 2 of the Plan: 

Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 2 to the contrary, the following shares of Common Stock shall not again be made available for issuance
as Awards under the Plan: (a) shares of Common Stock withheld by the Company or tendered by Participants as full or partial payment
to the Company upon exercise of an Option under this Plan; or (b) shares of Common Stock withheld by, or otherwise remitted to,
the Company to satisfy a Participant s tax withholding obligations upon the exercise of Awards granted under the Plan or
upon any other payment or issuance of shares of Common Stock under the Plan.  

2.          The
Plan is hereby further amended by deleting Section 8(a) of the Plan in its entirety and replacing with the following language: 

(a)      Payment.
Upon the exercise of an Option, the amount due to the Company shall be paid in cash or by check payable to the order of the Company
for the full purchase price of the shares of Common Stock for which such election is made. Except as otherwise determined by the
Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, before the Option is exercised, all or a part of the exercise price may be paid
by the Participant (i) by delivery of unrestricted shares of the Company s Common Stock owned by the Participant and acceptable
to the Compensation Committee or (ii) withholding (either actually or by attestation) of shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable
under such Option, in each case having an aggregate Fair Market Value (valued at the date of exercise) that is equal to the amount
of cash that would otherwise be required; provided, however, that withholding of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 8(a)(ii)
hereof shall not be utilized in the exercise of Incentive Stock Options.  

3.          The
Plan is hereby further amended by deleting the last sentence of Section 8(b) of the Plan and replacing with the following language: 

At the election
of the Participant, and subject to such rules and limitations as may be established by the Compensation Committee from time to
time, such withholding obligations may be satisfied (i) through the surrender of unrestricted shares of the Company s Common
Stock which the Participant already owns, or to which the Participant is otherwise entitled under the Plan, or (ii) by directing
the Company to withhold a portion of the shares of Common Stock that otherwise would be issued to a Participant under such Award,
in each case having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of tax required to be withheld; provided, however, that the Compensation
Committee may, in its sole discretion, disapprove and give no effect to any such withholding election. For this purpose, Fair Market
Value will be determined as of the date on which the amount of tax to be withheld is determined (and the Company may cause any
fractional share amount to be settled in cash).  

4.          This
First Amendment to the Plan was approved by the Board of Directors on June 20, 2016. 

5.          Except
as expressly modified and amended herein, all the terms and provisions of the Plan shall remain unchanged. 

[Signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
this Amendment has been executed on and is effective as of June 20, 2016. 

SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC.    

By:  
      /s/ Thomas A. Broughton III   

Its:  
      President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 v450747_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2  

FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE   

  SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC.  

  AMENDED AND RESTATED  

  2005 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN  

WHEREAS , ServisFirst
Bancshares, Inc. (the  Company ) has established and currently maintains the Amended and Restated 2005 Stock Incentive
Plan (the  Plan ); and 

WHEREAS , the
Company desires to amend the Plan to provide for the net settlement of Option exercises; and 

WHEREAS , the
Board of Directors of the Company has the authority to adopt the below amendments to the Plan; and 

WHEREAS , the
Board of Directors has approved of such amendments to the Plan. 

NOW, THEREFORE,
BE IT RESOLVED , that the following amendment shall be made to the Plan: 

1.          The
Plan is hereby amended by deleting Section 3.2(c) of the Plan in its entirety and replacing with the following language: 

(c)           Payment .
Upon the exercise of an Option, the amount due to the Company shall be paid in cash or by check payable to the order of the Company
for the full purchase price of the shares of Stock for which such election is made. Except as otherwise determined by the Committee,
in its sole discretion, before the Option is exercised, all or a part of the exercise price may be paid by the Participant (i)
by delivery of unrestricted shares of the Company s Stock owned by the Participant and acceptable to the Committee or (ii)
withholding (either actually or by attestation) of shares of Stock otherwise issuable under such Option having an aggregate Fair
Market Value (valued at the date of exercise) that is equal to the amount of cash that would otherwise be required; provided, however,
that withholding of shares of Stock pursuant to Section 3(c)(ii) hereof shall not be utilized in the exercise of Incentive Stock
Options.  

2.          This
First Amendment to the Plan was approved by the Board of Directors on June 20, 2016. 

3.          Except
as expressly modified and amended herein, all the terms and provisions of the Plan shall remain unchanged. 

[Signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
this Amendment has been executed on and is effective as of June 20, 2016. 

SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC.    

By:  
      /s/ Thomas A. Broughton, III   

Its:  
      President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 v450747_ex10-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3  

NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD  

  PURSUANT TO THE SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES,
INC.  

  AMENDED AND RESTATED 2009 STOCK INCENTIVE
PLAN  

THIS AWARD (the  Award )
is made as of the Grant Date by ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (the  Company ) to the Optionee
designated below pursuant to the ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). 

Upon and subject to
the restrictions, terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, the Company hereby awards as of the Grant Date to Optionee a Nonqualified
Stock Option (the  Option ), as described below, to purchase the Option shares. The Option is governed by the terms
of this Award and the Plan. 

A.           Optionee:
                                       . 

B.           Grant
Date:                                        . 

C.           Type
of Option: Nonqualified Stock Option. 

D.           Option
Shares: All or any part of                      
shares of the Company's $.001 par value common stock (the  Common Stock ), subject to adjustment as provided in
the Plan. 

E.           Exercise
Price: $               _ per share, subject to adjustment as provided
in the Plan. The Exercise Price is, in the judgment of the Committee, not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a share of
Common Stock on the Grant Date. 

F.           Vesting
Schedule: The Option shares shall become vested in accordance with Schedule 1 hereto. 

G.           Acceleration
of Vesting: Unvested Options may become vested before the time at which such Options would normally become vested by the passage
of time   that is, the vesting may accelerate. The instances in which Option shares accelerate are detailed in Schedule 1
hereto. 

H.           Option
Period: The Option may be exercised only during the Option Period that commences on the Grant Date and ends, subject to earlier
termination as provided in the Plan, on the tenth (10 th ) anniversary of the Grant Date.  Note that other limitations
to exercising the Option, as described in the Plan, may apply.  

I.           Exercise:
Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Option may be exercised with respect to all or a portion of the vested Option shares
at any time during the Option Period by delivery to the Company, at its principal place of business, of: 

a.  a written notice of exercise in substantially the form
attached hereto as Exhibit 1, which shall be actually delivered to the Company no earlier than thirty (30) days and no later than
ten (10) days prior to the date upon which the Optionee desires to exercise all or any portion of the Option; 

b.  payment to the Company of the Exercise Price multiplied
by the number of Option shares being purchased (the  Purchase Price ); and 

c.  if not delivered previously, a written Notice of Withholding
Election in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2. 

J.           Capitalized
Terms. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Award will have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Company has executed and sealed this Award as of the Grant Date set forth above. 

ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc.  
       
      Optionee   

By:  

Signature:  

Its:  

Name:  

EXHIBIT 1  

  NOTICE OF EXERCISE OF  

  STOCK OPTION TO PURCHASE  

  COMMON STOCK OF  

  SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC.  

Name:  

Address:  

Date: 

ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc.  

Attn: Chief Executive Officer  

Re: Exercise of Nonqualified Stock Option 

Gentlemen: 

Subject to acceptance hereof by ServisFirst
Bancshares, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (the  Company ) and pursuant to the provisions of the ServisFirst Bancshares,
Inc. Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ), I hereby give notice of my election to exercise options
granted to me to purchase ___________ shares of Common Stock of the Company under the Nonqualified Stock Option Award (the  Award )
dated as of _________________. The purchase shall take place as of _________________ (the  Exercise Date ). 

On or before the Exercise Date, I will
pay the applicable Purchase Price as follows: 

by delivery of cash or a certified check in the amount of $___________ for the full Purchase Price payable to the order of ServisFirst
Bancshares, Inc.   

by having the Company withhold shares of the Common Stock of the Company issuable pursuant to the exercise having an aggregate
Fair Market Value (valued at the date of exercise) that is equal to the Purchase Price.  

by delivery of shares of the Common Stock of the Company owned by me and acceptable to the Committee having an aggregate Fair Market
Value (valued at the date of exercise) that is equal to the Purchase Price.  

If applicable, the Company shall withhold
from the shares issuable pursuant to the exercise a whole number of shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to or in
excess of the Purchase Price. Any fractional share amounts will be settled in cash. 

The required federal, state and local income
tax withholding obligations, if any, on the exercise of the Award shall also be paid on or before the Exercise Date in cash or
with previously owned shares of Common Stock, as provided in the Award, or in the manner provided in the Withholding Election previously
tendered or to be tendered to the Company no later than the Exercise Date. 

As soon as the stock certificate is registered
in my name, please deliver it to me at the above address. 

Very truly yours,   

Signature   

Number of Shares Exercised:  

Number of Shares Remaining:  

Date:

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED: 

ServisFirst
Bancshares, Inc.  

By:  

Name:  

Its:  

EXHIBIT 2  

  NOTICE OF WITHHOLDING ELECTION  

  SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC.  

Name:  

Address:  

Date:  

ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc.  

Attn: Chief Executive Officer  

RE: Withholding Election 

This election relates to the Option identified
in Paragraph 3 below. I hereby certify that: 

1.  My correct name and social security number and my current
address are set forth at the end of this document. 

2.  I am (check one, whichever is applicable). 

the original recipient of the Option.  

the legal representative of the estate of the original recipient of the Option.  

3.  The Option to which this election relates was issued under
the ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) in the name of _____________________
for the purchase of a total of _________ shares of Common Stock of the Company. This election relates to shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of the Option, provided that the numbers set forth above shall be deemed changed as appropriate to reflect
the applicable Plan provisions. 

4.  In connection with any exercise of the Option with respect
to the Common Stock, I hereby elect: 

to remit to the Company an amount, payable in cash or by check, sufficient to satisfy federal, state, and local, if any, taxes
arising from the exercise.  

to have certain of the shares issuable pursuant to the exercise withheld by the Company for the purpose of having the value of
the shares applied to pay federal, state, and local, if any, taxes arising from the exercise.  

to tender shares held by me for a period of at least six (6) months prior to the exercise of the Option for the purpose of having
the value of the shares applied to pay such taxes.  

5.  The shares to be withheld or tendered, as applicable, shall
have, as of the Tax Date, a Fair Market Value equal to the statutory tax withholding requirement under federal, state, and local
law in connection with the exercise. 

6.  This Withholding Election is made no later than the Tax
Date and is otherwise timely made pursuant to the Plan. 

7.  I understand that this Withholding Election may not be
revised, amended or revoked by me. 

8.  I further understand that, if applicable, the Company shall
withhold from the shares a whole number of shares having a value sufficient to pay federal, state and local, if any, taxes arising
from the exercise. 

9.  The Plan has been made available to me by the Company.
I have read and understand the Plan and I have no reason to believe that any of the conditions to the making of this Withholding
Election have not been met. 

10.  Capitalized terms used in this Notice of Withholding Election
without definition shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan. 

Signature  

Name (Printed)  

Social Security Number  

Address:  

Date:  

SCHEDULE 1  

  VESTING SCHEDULE  

  NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD  

  ISSUED PURSUANT TO THE  

  SERVISFIRST BANCSHARES, INC.   

  AMENDED AND RESTATED 2009 STOCK INCENTIVE
PLAN  

A.  The Option shares shall become vested Option shares following
completion of the years of service as an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary as indicated in the schedule below. 

Number of Option Shares  
          which are Vested Shares   

Years of Service  
          after the Grant Date    

B.  Notwithstanding Part A, accelerated vesting may apply in
the following circumstances: 

Event   
       
       Condition for Acceleration   
       
       Effective Date of Acceleration    
 
      Death  
       
      If you die.  
       
      Death   
 
      Disability  
       
      If your employment is terminated due to your Disability as defined in the Plan.  
       
      Your termination date   
 
      Change in Control  
       
      A Change in Control, as defined by the Plan, occurs.  
       
      The date of the Change in Control   

C.  For purposes of the Vesting Schedule, Optionee shall be
granted a year of service for each twelve-consecutive-month period following the Grant Date and during which Optionee continues,
at all times, as an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.01>
 5
 v450747_ex31-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.01

Exhibit 31.01   

Section 302 Certification of the CEO 

I, Thomas A. Broughton III, certify that: 

1.          I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc.; 

2.          Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.          The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.          The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
person s performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2016 

/s/ Thomas A. Broughton III  

Thomas A. Broughton III  

President and Chief Executive Officer    

A signed original of this written statement
has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 6
 v450747_ex31-02.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.02

Exhibit 31.02  

Section 302 Certification of the CFO 

I, William M. Foshee, certify that: 

1.          I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc.; 

2.          Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.          The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.          The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2016 

/s/ William M. Foshee  

William M. Foshee  

Chief Financial Officer  

A signed original of this written statement
has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 7
 v450747_ex32-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.01

Exhibit 32.01  

Section 906 Certification of the CEO 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (the
 Company ) certifies that, to his knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 1, 2016  
      /s/ Thomas A. Broughton III   

Thomas A. Broughton III   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

A signed original of this written statement has been provided
to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 8
 v450747_ex32-02.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.02

Exhibit 32.02  

Section 906 Certification of the CFO 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (the
 Company ) certifies that, to his knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 1, 2016  
      /s/ William M. Foshee   

William M. Foshee   

Chief Financial Officer   

A signed original of this written statement has been provided
to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 sfbs-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 sfbs-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 sfbs-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 sfbs-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 sfbs-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 sfbs-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

