<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1095073_0001095073-16-000126_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15872327</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>152186</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1315239</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6529191</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5729545</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1781453</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>79</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001095073-16-000126.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109112847
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001095073-16-000126
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVEREST RE GROUP LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001095073
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				980365432
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15731
		FILM NUMBER:		161983192

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SEON PLACE, 4TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		141 FRONT STREET
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM 19
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4412950006

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O REINSURANCE HOLDINGS INC
		STREET 2:		477 MARTINSVILLE RD PO BOX 830
		CITY:			LIBERTY CORNER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07938

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EVEREST REINSURANCE GROUP LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990915

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001095073-16-000126.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 group10q3q2016.htm
 GROUP 10-Q 3Q2016

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-Q

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

EVEREST RE GROUP, LTD. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Bermuda

98-0365432

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

Seon Place   4 th  Floor

141 Front Street

PO Box HM 845

Hamilton HM 19, Bermuda

441-295-0006

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,

of registrant's principal executive office)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:  (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

YES

X

NO

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

YES

X

NO

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

X

Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

(Do not check if smaller reporting company)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

YES

NO

X

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

EVEREST RE GROUP, LTD

Table of Contents

Form 10-Q

Page 

PART I

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.

Financial Statements

Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2016 (unaudited)

and December 31, 2015 (unaudited)

1

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the

three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)

2

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the three and

nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)

3

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended

September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)

4

Notes to Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)

5

Item 2.

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and

Results of Operation

32

Item 3.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

58

Item 4.

Controls and Procedures

58

PART II

OTHER INFORMATION 

EVEREST RE GROUP, LTD.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

1 

EVEREST RE GROUP, LTD.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

2 

EVEREST RE GROUP, LTD.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF

CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

3 

EVEREST RE GROUP, LTD.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

4 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015

1.   GENERAL

Everest Re Group, Ltd. ("Group"), a Bermuda company, through its subsidiaries, principally provides reinsurance and insurance in the U.S., Bermuda and international markets.  As used in this document, "Company" means Group and its subsidiaries.

During the third quarter of 2016, the Company established domestic subsidiaries, Everest Premier Insurance Company ("Everest Premier") and Everest Denali Insurance Company ("Everest Denali"), which will be used in the continued expansion of the Insurance operations.

Effective August 24, 2016, the Company sold its wholly-owned subsidiary, Heartland Crop Insurance Company ("Heartland"), a managing agent for crop insurance, to CGB Diversified Services, Inc. ("CGB"). The operating results of Heartland for the period owned are included within the Company's financial statements.

During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company established new subsidiaries, Everest Preferred International Holdings, Ltd. ("Preferred International"), a Bermuda based company and Everest International Holdings (Bermuda), Ltd. ("International Holdings"), a Bermuda based company.  These new subsidiaries were part of a capital restructuring within the Company to support a planned increase in international business production, which includes directly supporting Group's new Lloyd's of London Syndicate corporate member.

Effective July 13, 2015, the Company sold all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of a wholly-owned subsidiary entity, Mt. McKinley Insurance Company ("Mt. McKinley"), to Clearwater Insurance Company.  The operating results of Mt. McKinley for the three and six months ended June 30, 2015, are included within the Company's financial statements.

Effective February 27, 2013, the Company established a new subsidiary, Mt. Logan Re Ltd. ("Mt. Logan Re"). Mt. Logan Re manages separate segregated accounts whose assets and capital relate mainly to third party external investors.

2.   BASIS OF PRESENTATION

The unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals, which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair statement of the results on an interim basis.  Certain financial information, which is normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"), has been omitted since it is not required for interim reporting purposes.  The December 31, 2015 consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP.  The results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not necessarily indicative of the results for a full year.  These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 included in the Company's most recent Form 10-K filing.

The Company consolidates the results of operations and financial position of all voting interest entities ("VOE") in which the Company has a controlling financial interest and all variable interest entities ("VIE") in which the Company is considered to be the primary beneficiary. The consolidation assessment, including the determination as to whether an entity qualifies as a VIE or VOE, depends on the facts and circumstances surrounding each entity.

Effective January 1, 2016, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update 2015-02,  "Consolidation (Topic 810) Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis"   issued by the United States Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"), which changed the method in which the Company determines whether entities

5 

are consolidated by the Company. The adoption of this amended accounting guidance has been implemented utilizing a full retrospective application for all periods presented in the Company's unaudited interim consolidated financial statements.

The amended guidance includes changes in the identification of the primary beneficiary of companies considered to be VIEs. These changes resulted in the Company concluding that Mt. Logan Re is a VIE given it has insufficient equity at risk and that each underlying separate segregated account is likewise a VIE.  The Company has concluded that it is the primary beneficiary of Mt. Logan Re, but not of the underlying separate segregated accounts and therefore has deconsolidated these segregated accounts.  This change had no impact to the net income or retained earnings of the Company.

All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

Certain reclassifications and format changes have been made to prior years' amounts to conform to the 2016 presentation.

Application of Recently Issued Accounting Standard Changes. 

Disclosures about Short-Duration Contracts.  In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-09, authoritative guidance regarding required disclosures associated with short duration insurance contracts.  The new disclosure requirements focus on information about initial claim estimates and subsequent claim estimate adjustment, methodologies in estimating claims and the timing, frequency and severity of claims related to short duration insurance contracts. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  Therefore, the initial presentation of this guidance in the Company's financial statements and footnotes will be for its 10-K filing as of December 31, 2016. The Company does not anticipate that it will have a significant impact on its financial statements.

Debt Issuance Costs.  In April 2015, The FASB issued ASU 2015 03, authoritative guidance on the presentation of debt issuance costs.  This guidance requires that debt issuance costs be presented within the balance sheet as a reduction of the carrying value of the debt liability, rather than as a separate asset.  This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and related interim reporting periods.  Based upon this guidance, the Company has adjusted prior financial statements and footnotes to conform with this new presentation.

Consolidation.  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, authoritative guidance regarding consolidation of reporting entities.  The new guidance focuses on the required evaluation of whether certain legal entities should be consolidated.  This guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  Based upon this guidance, the Company has determined that the separate segregated accounts associated with Mt. Logan Re, should not be consolidated. As a result, the Company has adjusted prior financial statements and footnotes to conform with this new consolidation presentation.

6 

The following tables present certain financial statement line items as previously reported in 2015, the effect on those line items due to not consolidating the segregated accounts of Mt. Logan Re, in accordance with the newly adopted accounting policy and the line items as currently reported within the financial statements.

7 

3.     INVESTMENTS

The amortized cost, market value and gross unrealized appreciation and depreciation of available for sale, fixed maturity, equity security investments, carried at market value and other-than-temporary impairments ("OTTI") in accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") are as follows for the periods indicated:

8 

(a)    Represents the amount of OTTI recognized in AOCI.  Amount includes unrealized gains and losses on impaired securities relating to changes in the value of such securities subsequent to the impairment measurement date. 

The amortized cost and market value of fixed maturity securities are shown in the following table by contractual maturity.  Mortgage-backed securities are generally more likely to be prepaid than other fixed maturity securities. As the stated maturity of such securities may not be indicative of actual maturities, the totals for mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities are shown separately.

9 

The changes in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the Company's investments are derived from the following sources for the periods indicated:

The Company frequently reviews all of its fixed maturity, available for sale securities for declines in market value and focuses its attention on securities whose fair value has fallen below 80% of their amortized cost at the time of review.  The Company then assesses whether the decline in value is temporary or other-than-temporary.  In making its assessment, the Company evaluates the current market and interest rate environment as well as specific issuer information.  Generally, a change in a security's value caused by a change in the market, interest rate or foreign exchange environment does not constitute an other-than-temporary impairment, but rather a temporary decline in market value.  Temporary declines in market value are recorded as unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  If the Company determines that the decline is other-than-temporary and the Company does not have the intent to sell the security; and it is more likely than not that the Company will not have to sell the security before recovery of its cost basis, the carrying value of the investment is written down to fair value.  The fair value adjustment that is credit or foreign exchange related is recorded in net realized capital gains (losses) in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).  The fair value adjustment that is non-credit related is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, and is included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

The Company's assessments are based on the issuers current and expected future financial position, timeliness with respect to interest and/or principal payments, speed of repayments and any applicable credit enhancements or breakeven constant default rates on mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, as well as relevant information provided by rating agencies, investment advisors and analysts.

The majority of the Company's equity securities available for sale at market value are primarily comprised of mutual fund investments whose underlying securities consist of fixed maturity securities.  When a fund's value reflects an unrealized loss, the Company assesses whether the decline in value is temporary or other-than-temporary.  In making its assessment, the Company considers the composition of its portfolios and their related markets, reports received from the portfolio managers and discussions with portfolio managers.  If the Company determines that the declines are temporary and it has the ability and intent to continue to hold the investments, then the declines are recorded as unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  If declines are deemed to be other-than-temporary, then the carrying value of the investment is written down to fair value and recorded in net realized capital gains (losses) in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).

Retrospective adjustments are employed to recalculate the values of asset-backed securities.  All of the Company's asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities have a pass-through structure.  Each acquisition lot is reviewed to recalculate the effective yield.  The recalculated effective yield is used to derive a book value as if the new yield were applied at the time of acquisition.  Outstanding principal factors from the time of acquisition to the adjustment date are used to calculate the prepayment history for all applicable securities.  Conditional prepayment rates, computed with life to date factor histories and weighted average maturities, are used in the calculation of projected prepayments for pass-through security types.

10 

The tables below display the aggregate market value and gross unrealized depreciation of fixed maturity and equity securities, by security type and contractual maturity, in each case subdivided according to length of time that individual securities had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for the periods indicated:

The aggregate market value and gross unrealized losses related to investments in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 were $2,254,696 thousand and $106,876 thousand, respectively.  The market value of securities for the single issuer whose securities comprised the largest unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016, did not exceed 0.3% of the overall market value of the Company's fixed maturity securities.  In addition, as indicated on the above table, there was no significant concentration of unrealized losses in any one market sector.  The $24,586 thousand of unrealized losses related to fixed maturity securities that have been in an unrealized loss position for less than one year were generally comprised of foreign government securities, foreign corporate securities and domestic corporate securities.  Virtually all of these unrealized losses are attributable to net unrealized foreign exchange losses, as the U.S. dollar has strengthened against other currencies.  The $74,296 thousand of unrealized losses related to fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position for more than one year related primarily to foreign corporate securities, foreign government securities and domestic corporate securities.  Virtually all of these unrealized losses are also attributable to net unrealized foreign exchange losses, as the U.S. dollar has strengthened against other currencies.  There was no gross unrealized depreciation for mortgage-backed securities related to sub-prime and alt-A loans.  In all instances, there were no projected cash flow shortfalls to recover the full book value of the investments and the related interest obligations.  The mortgage-backed securities still have excess credit coverage and are current on interest and principal payments.

11 

The Company, given the size of its investment portfolio and capital position, does not have the intent to sell these securities; and it is more likely than not that the Company will not have to sell the security before recovery of its cost basis.  In addition, all securities currently in an unrealized loss position are current with respect to principal and interest payments.

The tables below display the aggregate market value and gross unrealized depreciation of fixed maturity and equity securities, by security type and contractual maturity, in each case subdivided according to length of time that individual securities had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for the periods indicated:

The aggregate market value and gross unrealized losses related to investments in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2015 were $6,372,183 thousand and $272,692 thousand, respectively.  The market value of securities for the single issuer whose securities comprised the largest unrealized loss position at December 31, 2015, did not exceed 0.7% of the overall market value of the Company's fixed maturity securities.  In addition, as indicated on the above table, there was no significant concentration of unrealized losses in any one market sector.  The $139,624 thousand of unrealized losses related to fixed maturity securities that have been in an unrealized loss position for less than one year were generally comprised of domestic and foreign corporate securities, foreign government securities and agency residential mortgage-backed securities.  The majority of these unrealized losses are attributable to unrealized losses in the energy sector, $46,793 thousand, as falling oil prices have disrupted the market values for this sector, particularly for oil exploration, production and servicing companies and net unrealized foreign exchange losses, $39,037 thousand, as the U.S. dollar has strengthened against other currencies.  The $116,336 thousand of unrealized losses related to fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position for more than one year related primarily to foreign and domestic corporate securities, foreign 

12 

government securities and agency residential mortgage-backed securities.  The majority of these unrealized losses are attributable to net unrealized foreign exchange losses, $72,738 thousand, as the U.S. dollar has strengthened against other currencies and to unrealized losses in the energy sector, $18,447 thousand, as falling oil prices have disrupted the market values for this sector, particularly for oil exploration as well as production and servicing companies.  There was no gross unrealized depreciation for mortgage-backed securities related to sub-prime and alt-A loans.  In all instances, there were no projected cash flow shortfalls to recover the full book value of the investments and the related interest obligations.  The mortgage-backed securities still have excess credit coverage and are current on interest and principal payments.

The components of net investment income are presented in the table below for the periods indicated:

The Company records results from limited partnership investments on the equity method of accounting with changes in value reported through net investment income.  Due to the timing of receiving financial information from these partnerships, the results are generally reported on a one month or quarter lag.  If the Company determines there has been a significant decline in value of a limited partnership during this lag period, a loss will be recorded in the period in which the Company identifies the decline.

The Company had contractual commitments to invest up to an additional $493,184 thousand in limited partnerships at September 30, 2016.  These commitments will be funded when called in accordance with the partnership agreements, which have investment periods that expire, unless extended, through 2020.

13 

The components of net realized capital gains (losses) are presented in the table below for the periods indicated:

The Company recorded as net realized capital gains (losses) in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) both fair value re-measurements and write-downs in the value of securities deemed to be impaired on an other-than-temporary basis as displayed in the table above.  The Company had no other-than-temporary impaired securities where the impairment had both a credit and non-credit component.

The proceeds and split between gross gains and losses, from sales of fixed maturity and equity securities, are presented in the table below for the periods indicated:

4.     DERIVATIVES

The Company sold seven equity index put option contracts, based on two indices, in 2001 and 2005, which remain outstanding.  The Company sold these equity index put options as insurance products with the intent of achieving a profit.  These equity index put option contracts meet the definition of a derivative under FASB guidance and the Company's position in these equity index put option contracts is unhedged.  Accordingly, these equity index put option contracts are carried at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).

14 

The Company sold six equity index put option contracts, based on the Standard   Poor's 500 ("S P 500") index, for total consideration, net of commissions, of $22,530 thousand.  At September 30, 2016, fair value for these equity index put option contracts was $28,920 thousand.  Based on historical index volatilities and trends and the September 30, 2016 S P 500 index value, the Company estimates the probability that each equity index put option contract of the S P 500 index falling below the strike price on the exercise date to be less than 8%.  The theoretical maximum payouts under these six equity index put option contracts would occur if on each of the exercise dates the S P 500 index value were zero.  At September 30, 2016, the present value of these theoretical maximum payouts using a 3% discount factor was $442,320 thousand.  Conversely, if the contracts had all expired on September 30, 2016, with the S P index at $2,168.27, there would have been no settlement amount.

The Company sold one equity index put option contract based on the FTSE 100 index for total consideration, net of commissions, of $6,706 thousand.  At September 30, 2016, fair value for this equity index put option contract was $6,299 thousand.  Based on historical index volatilities and trends and the September 30, 2016 FTSE 100 index value, the Company estimates the probability that the equity index put option contract of the FTSE 100 index will fall below the strike price on the exercise date to be less than 28%.  The theoretical maximum payout under the equity index put option contract would occur if on the exercise date the FTSE 100 index value was zero.  At September 30, 2016, the present value of the theoretical maximum payout using a 3% discount factor and current exchange rate was $39,170 thousand.  Conversely, if the contract had expired on September 30, 2016, with the FTSE index at  6,899.33, there would have been no settlement amount.

The fair value of the equity index put options can be found in the Company's consolidated balance sheets as follows:

The change in fair value of the equity index put option contracts can be found in the Company's statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) as follows:

5.     FAIR VALUE

GAAP guidance regarding fair value measurements address how companies should measure fair value when they are required to use fair value measures for recognition or disclosure purposes under GAAP and provides a common definition of fair value to be used throughout GAAP.  It defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly fashion between market participants at the measurement date.  In addition, it establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for the disclosure of fair value measurements.  The valuation hierarchy is based on the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability.  The level in the hierarchy within which a given fair value measurement falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the measurement, with Level 1 being the highest priority and Level 3 being the lowest priority.

15 

The levels in the hierarchy are defined as follows:

Level 1: 
 
 Inputs to the valuation methodology are observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in an active market;

Level 2: 
 
 Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument;

Level 3: 
 
 Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.

The Company's fixed maturity and equity securities are primarily managed by third party investment asset managers.  The investment asset managers obtain prices from nationally recognized pricing services.   These services seek to utilize market data and observations in their evaluation process.  They use pricing applications that vary by asset class and incorporate available market information and when fixed maturity securities do not trade on a daily basis the services will apply available information through processes such as benchmark curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings and matrix pricing.  In addition, they use model processes, such as the Option Adjusted Spread model to develop prepayment and interest rate scenarios for securities that have prepayment features.

In limited instances where prices are not provided by pricing services or in rare instances when a manager may not agree with the pricing service, price quotes on a non-binding basis are obtained from investment brokers.  The investment asset managers do not make any changes to prices received from either the pricing services or the investment brokers.  In addition, the investment asset managers have procedures in place to review the reasonableness of the prices from the service providers and may request verification of the prices.  In addition, the Company continually performs analytical reviews of price changes and tests the prices on a random basis to an independent pricing source.  No material variances were noted during these price validation procedures.  In limited situations, where financial markets are inactive or illiquid, the Company may use its own assumptions about future cash flows and risk-adjusted discount rates to determine fair value.  Due to the unavailability of prices for twenty eight private placement securities, the Company valued the twenty eight securities at $59,289 thousand at September 30, 2016.  Due to the unavailability of prices for two private placement securities, the Company valued the two securities at $3,593 thousand at December 31, 2015.

The Company internally manages a public equity portfolio which had a fair value at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 of $265,577 thousand and $253,575 thousand, respectively, and all prices were obtained from publically published sources.

Equity securities denominated in U.S. currency with quoted prices in active markets for identical assets are categorized as level 1 since the quoted prices are directly observable.  Equity securities traded on foreign exchanges are categorized as level 2 due to the added input of a foreign exchange conversion rate to determine fair or market value.  The Company uses foreign currency exchange rates published by nationally recognized sources.

All categories of fixed maturity securities listed in the tables below are generally categorized as level 2, since a particular security may not have traded but the pricing services are able to use valuation models with observable market inputs such as interest rate yield curves and prices for similar fixed maturity securities in terms of issuer, maturity and seniority.  For foreign government securities and foreign corporate securities, the fair values provided by the third party pricing services in local currencies, and where applicable, are converted to U.S. dollars using currency exchange rates from nationally recognized sources.

The fixed maturities with fair values categorized as level 3 result when prices are not available from the nationally recognized pricing services.  The asset managers will then obtain non-binding price quotes for the securities from brokers. The single broker quotes are provided by market makers or broker-dealers who are recognized as market participants in the markets in which they are providing the quotes.  The prices received from brokers are reviewed for reasonableness by the third party asset managers and the Company.  If the 

16 

broker quotes are for foreign denominated securities, the quotes are converted to U.S. dollars using currency exchange rates from nationally recognized sources.  In limited circumstances when broker prices are not available for private placements, the Company will value the securities using comparable market information.

The composition and valuation inputs for the presented fixed maturities categories are as follows:

U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies and corporations are primarily comprised of U.S. Treasury bonds and the fair value is based on observable market inputs such as quoted prices, reported trades, quoted prices for similar issuances or benchmark yields;

Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions are comprised of state and municipal bond issuances and the fair values are based on observable market inputs such as quoted market prices, quoted prices for similar securities, benchmark yields and credit spreads;

Corporate securities are primarily comprised of U.S. corporate and public utility bond issuances and the fair values are based on observable market inputs such as quoted market prices, quoted prices for similar securities, benchmark yields and credit spreads;

Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities fair values are based on observable inputs such as quoted prices, reported trades, quoted prices for similar issuances or benchmark yields and cash flow models using observable inputs such as prepayment speeds, collateral performance and default spreads;

Foreign government securities are comprised of global non-U.S. sovereign bond issuances and the fair values are based on observable market inputs such as quoted market prices, quoted prices for similar securities and models with observable inputs such as benchmark yields and credit spreads and then, where applicable, converted to U.S. dollars using an exchange rate from a nationally recognized source;

Foreign corporate securities are comprised of global non-U.S. corporate bond issuances and the fair values are based on observable market inputs such as quoted market prices, quoted prices for similar securities and models with observable inputs such as benchmark yields and credit spreads and then, where applicable, converted to U.S. dollars using an exchange rate from a nationally recognized source.

The Company sold seven equity index put option contracts, based on two indices, in 2001 and 2005, which remain outstanding.  The Company sold these equity index put options as insurance products with the intent of achieving a profit.  These equity index put option contracts meet the definition of a derivative under FASB guidance and the Company's position in these equity index put option contracts is unhedged.  Accordingly, these equity index put option contracts are carried at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).

The Company's liability for equity index put options is categorized as level 3 since there is no active market for these seven long dated equity put options.  The fair values for these options are calculated by the Company using an industry accepted pricing model, Black-Scholes.  The model inputs and assumptions are: risk free interest rates, equity market indexes values, volatilities and dividend yields and duration.  The model results are then adjusted for the Company's credit default swap rate.  All of these inputs and assumptions are updated quarterly.  One of the option contacts is in British Pound Sterling so the fair value for this contract is converted to U.S. dollars using an exchange rate from a nationally recognized source.

17 

The following table presents the fair value measurement levels for all assets and liabilities, which the Company has recorded at fair value (fair and market value) as of the periods indicated:

There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.

18 

The following table presents the fair value measurement levels for all assets and liabilities, which the Company has recorded at fair value (fair and market value) as of the periods indicated:

The following tables present the activity under Level 3, fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs by asset type, for the periods indicated:

19 

The net transfers to/(from) level 3, fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs were $2,015 thousand and ($4,541) thousand of investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The $2,015 thousand related to the net impact of securities no longer priced by a recognized pricing service.  The $4,541 thousand primarily related to securities that were priced using single non-binding broker quotes as of December 31, 2014.  The securities were subsequently priced using a recognized pricing service as of September 30, 2015, and were classified as level 2 as of that date.

The following table presents the activity under Level 3, fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs for equity index put option contracts, for the periods indicated:

20 

6.     EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE

Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.  Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that would occur if options granted under various share-based compensation plans were exercised resulting in the issuance of common shares that would participate in the earnings of the entity.

Net income (loss) per common share has been computed as per below, based upon weighted average common basic and dilutive shares outstanding.

There were no anti-diluted options outstanding for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.

All outstanding options expire on or between February 21, 2017 and September 19, 2022.

7.     CONTINGENCIES

In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in lawsuits, arbitrations and other formal and informal dispute resolution procedures, the outcomes of which will determine the Company's rights and obligations under insurance and reinsurance agreements.  In some disputes, the Company seeks to enforce its rights under an agreement or to collect funds owing to it.  In other matters, the Company is resisting attempts by others to collect funds or enforce alleged rights.  These disputes arise from time to time and are ultimately resolved through both informal and formal means, including negotiated resolution, arbitration and litigation.  In all such matters, the Company believes that its positions are legally and commercially reasonable.  The Company considers the statuses of these proceedings when determining its reserves for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses.

Aside from litigation and arbitrations related to these insurance and reinsurance agreements, the Company is not a party to any other material litigation or arbitration.

21 

The Company has entered into separate annuity agreements with The Prudential Insurance of America ("The Prudential") and an additional unaffiliated life insurance company in which the Company has either purchased annuity contracts or become the assignee of annuity proceeds that are meant to settle claim payment obligations in the future.  In both instances, the Company would become contingently liable if either The Prudential or the unaffiliated life insurance company were unable to make payments related to the respective annuity contract.

The table below presents the estimated cost to replace all such annuities for which the Company was contingently liable for the periods indicated:

8.    OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

The following table presents the components of comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations for the periods indicated:

The following table presents details of the amounts reclassified from AOCI for the periods indicated:

22 

The following table presents the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, in the consolidated balance sheets for the periods indicated:

9.    CREDIT FACILITIES

The Company has two active credit facilities for a total commitment of up to $1,100,000 thousand and an additional credit facility for a total commitment of up to  175,000 thousand, providing for the issuance of letters of credit and/or unsecured revolving credit lines. The following table presents the interest and fees incurred in connection with the two credit facilities for the periods indicated:

The terms and outstanding amounts for each facility are discussed below:

Group Credit Facility 

Effective May 26, 2016, Group, Everest Reinsurance (Bermuda), Ltd. ("Bermuda Re") and Everest International Reinsurance, Ltd. ("Everest International"), both direct subsidiaries of Group, entered into a five year, $800,000 thousand senior credit facility with a syndicate of lenders, which amended and restated in its entirety the June 22, 2012, four year, $800,000 thousand senior credit facility.  Both the May 26, 2016 and June 22, 2012 senior credit facilities, which have similar terms, are referred to as the "Group Credit Facility".  Wells Fargo Corporation ("Wells Fargo Bank") is the administrative agent for the Group Credit Facility, which consists of two tranches.  Tranche one provides up to $200,000 thousand of unsecured revolving credit for liquidity and general corporate purposes, and for the issuance of unsecured standby letters of credit.  The interest on the revolving loans shall, at the Company's option, be either (1) the Base Rate (as defined below) or (2) an adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus a margin.  The Base Rate is the higher of (a) the prime commercial lending rate established by Wells Fargo Bank, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5% per annum or (c) the one month LIBOR Rate plus 1.0% per annum. The amount of margin and the fees payable for the Group Credit Facility depends on Group's senior unsecured debt rating.  Tranche two exclusively provides up to $600,000 thousand for the issuance of standby letters of credit on a collateralized basis.

The Group Credit Facility requires Group to maintain a debt to capital ratio of not greater than 0.35 to 1 and to maintain a minimum net worth.  Minimum net worth is an amount equal to the sum of $5,370,979 thousand plus 25% of consolidated net income for each of Group's fiscal quarters, for which statements are available ending on or after March 31, 2016 and for which consolidated net income is positive, plus 25% of 

23 

any increase in consolidated net worth during such period attributable to the issuance of ordinary and preferred shares, which at September 30, 2016, was $5,488,121 thousand.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all Group Credit Facility covenants.

The following table summarizes the outstanding letters of credit and/or borrowings for the periods indicated:

Bermuda Re Letter of Credit Facility 

Effective December 31, 2015, Bermuda Re renewed its $300,000 thousand letter of credit issuance facility with Citibank N.A. referred to as the "Bermuda Re Letter of Credit Facility", which commitment is reconfirmed annually with updated fees.  The Bermuda Re Letter of Credit Facility provides for the issuance of up to $300,000 thousand of secured letters of credit to collateralize reinsurance obligations as a non-admitted reinsurer.  The interest on drawn letters of credit shall be (A) 0.35% per annum of the principal amount of issued standard letters of credit (expiry of 15 months or less) and (B) 0.45% per annum of the principal amount of issued extended tenor letters of credit (expiry maximum of up to 60 months).  The commitment fee on undrawn credit shall be 0.15% per annum.

The following table summarizes the outstanding letters of credit for the periods indicated:

Everest International Credit Facility 

Effective November 9, 2015, Everest International entered into a four year,  175,000 thousand credit facility with Lloyd's of London Bank ("Everest International Credit Facility").   The Everest International Credit Facility provides up to  175,000 thousand for the issuance of standby letters of credit on a collateralized basis.  The Company pays a commitment fee of 0.1% per annum on the average daily amount of the remainder of (1) the aggregate amount available under the facility and (2) the aggregate amount of drawings outstanding under the facility.  The Company pays a credit commission fee of 0.35% per annum on drawings outstanding under the facility.

The Everest International Credit Facility requires Group to maintain a debt to capital ratio of not greater than 0.35 to 1 and to maintain a minimum net worth.  Minimum net worth is an amount equal to the sum of $5,215,784 thousand (70% of consolidated net worth as of December 31, 2014), plus 25% of consolidated net income for each of Group's fiscal quarters, for which statements are available ending on or after January 1, 2015 and for which net income is positive, plus 25% of any increase in consolidated net worth of Group during such period attributable to the issuance of ordinary and preferred shares, which at September 30, 2016, was $5,631,071 thousand. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all Everest International Credit Facility requirements.

24 

The following table summarizes the outstanding letters of credit for the periods indicated:

10.  REINSURANCE AND TRUST AGREEMENTS

Certain subsidiaries of Group have established trust agreements, which effectively use the Company's investments as collateral, as security for assumed losses payable to certain non-affiliated ceding companies.  At September 30, 2016, the total amount on deposit in trust accounts was $472,283 thousand.

The Company reinsures some of its catastrophe exposures with the segregated accounts of Mt. Logan Re.  Mt. Logan Re is a Class 3 insurer registered in Bermuda effective February 27, 2013 under The Segregated Accounts Companies Act 2000 and 100% of the voting common shares are owned by Group.  Separate segregated accounts for Mt. Logan Re began being established effective July 1, 2013 and non-voting, redeemable preferred shares have been issued to capitalize the segregated accounts.  Each segregated account invests predominately in a diversified set of catastrophe exposures, diversified by risk/peril and across different geographic regions globally.

Each segregated account is permitted to assume net risk exposures equal to its amount of preferred shares and posted collateral, which in the aggregate was $932,243 thousand and $798,548 thousand at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  Of this amount, Group had invested $55,636 thousand and $50,000 thousand at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, in the preferred shares.

On April 24, 2014, the Company entered into two collateralized reinsurance agreements with Kilimanjaro Re Limited ("Kilimanjaro"), a Bermuda based special purpose reinsurer, to provide the Company with catastrophe reinsurance coverage.  These agreements are multi-year reinsurance contracts which cover specified named storm and earthquake events.  The first agreement provides up to $250,000 thousand of reinsurance coverage from named storms in specified states of the Southeastern United States.  The second agreement provides up to $200,000 thousand of reinsurance coverage from named storms in specified states of the Southeast, Mid-Atlantic and Northeast regions of the United States and Puerto Rico as well as reinsurance coverage from earthquakes in specified states of the Southeast, Mid-Atlantic, Northeast and West regions of the United States, Puerto Rico and British Columbia.

On November 18, 2014, the Company entered into a collateralized reinsurance agreement with Kilimanjaro Re to provide the Company with catastrophe reinsurance coverage.  This agreement is a multi-year reinsurance contract which covers specified earthquake events.  The agreement provides up to $500,000 thousand of reinsurance coverage from earthquakes in the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada.

On December 1, 2015 the Company entered into two collateralized reinsurance agreements with Kilimanjaro Re to provide the Company with catastrophe reinsurance coverage.  These agreements are multi-year reinsurance contracts which cover named storm and earthquake events.  The first agreement provides up to $300,000 thousand of reinsurance coverage from named storms and earthquakes in the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada.  The second agreement provides up to $325,000 thousand of reinsurance coverage from named storms and earthquakes in the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada.

25 

Kilimanjaro has financed the various property catastrophe reinsurance coverage by issuing catastrophe bonds to unrelated, external investors. On April 24, 2014, Kilimanjaro issued $450,000 thousand of notes ("Series 2014-1 Notes").  On November 18, 2014, Kilimanjaro issued $500,000 thousand of notes ("Series 2014-2 Notes"). On December 1, 2015, Kilimanjaro issued $625,000 thousand of notes ("Series 2015-1 Notes).  The proceeds from the issuance of the Series 2014-1 Notes, the Series 2014-2 Notes and the Series 2015-1 Notes are held in reinsurance trust throughout the duration of the applicable reinsurance agreements and invested solely in US government money market funds with a rating of at least "AAAm" by Standard   Poor's.

11.  SENIOR NOTES

The table below displays Holdings' outstanding senior notes.  Market value is based on quoted market prices, but due to limited trading activity, these senior notes are considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.

On June 5, 2014, Holdings issued $400,000 thousand of 30 year senior notes at 4.868%, which will mature on June 1, 2044.  Interest will be paid semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year.

Interest expense incurred in connection with these senior notes is as follows for the periods indicated:

12.  LONG TERM SUBORDINATED NOTES

The table below displays Holdings' outstanding fixed to floating rate long term subordinated notes.  Market value is based on quoted market prices, but due to limited trading activity, these subordinated notes are considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.

During the fixed rate interest period from May 3, 2007 through May 14, 2017, interest will be at the annual rate of 6.6%, payable semi-annually in arrears on November 15 and May 15 of each year, commencing on November 15, 2007, subject to Holdings' right to defer interest on one or more occasions for up to ten consecutive years.  During the floating rate interest period from May 15, 2017 through maturity, interest will be based on the 3 month LIBOR plus 238.5 basis points, reset quarterly, payable quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year, subject to Holdings' right to defer interest on one or more occasions for up to ten consecutive years.  Deferred interest will accumulate interest at the applicable rate compounded semi-annually for periods prior to May 15, 2017, and compounded quarterly for periods from and including May 15, 2017.

Holdings can redeem the long term subordinated notes prior to May 15, 2017, in whole but not in part at the applicable redemption price, which will equal the greater of (a) 100% of the principal amount being redeemed and (b) the present value of the principal payment on May 15, 2017 and scheduled payments of interest that would have accrued from the redemption date to May 15, 2017 on the long term subordinated notes being redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a discount rate equal to 

26 

the treasury rate plus an applicable spread of either 0.25% or 0.50%, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest.  Holdings may redeem the long term subordinated notes on or after May 15, 2017, in whole or in part at 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest; however, redemption on or after the scheduled maturity date and prior to May 1, 2047 is subject to a replacement capital covenant.  This covenant is for the benefit of certain senior note holders and it mandates that Holdings receive proceeds from the sale of another subordinated debt issue, of at least similar size, before it may redeem the subordinated notes.  Effective upon the maturity of the Company's 5.40% senior notes on October 15, 2014, the Company's 4.868% senior notes, due on June 1, 2044, have become the Company's long term indebtedness that ranks senior to the long term subordinated notes.

On March 19, 2009, Group announced the commencement of a cash tender offer for any and all of the 6.60% fixed to floating rate long term subordinated notes.  Upon expiration of the tender offer, the Company had reduced its outstanding debt by $161,441 thousand.

Interest expense incurred in connection with these long term subordinated notes is as follows for the periods indicated:

13.   SEGMENT REPORTING

The U.S. Reinsurance operation writes property and casualty reinsurance and specialty lines of business, including Marine, Aviation, Surety and Accident and Health ("A H") business, on both a treaty and facultative basis, through reinsurance brokers, as well as directly with ceding companies primarily within the U.S.  The International operation writes non-U.S. property and casualty reinsurance through Everest Re's branches in Canada and Singapore and through offices in Brazil, Miami and New Jersey. The Bermuda operation provides reinsurance and insurance to worldwide property and casualty markets through brokers and directly with ceding companies from its Bermuda office and reinsurance to the United Kingdom and European markets through its UK branch and Ireland Re.  The Insurance operation writes property and casualty insurance directly and through general agents, brokers and surplus lines brokers within the U.S. and Canada.

These segments are managed independently, but conform with corporate guidelines with respect to pricing, risk management, control of aggregate catastrophe exposures, capital, investments and support operations.  Management generally monitors and evaluates the financial performance of these operating segments based upon their underwriting results.

Underwriting results include earned premium less losses and loss adjustment expenses ("LAE") incurred, commission and brokerage expenses and other underwriting expenses.  We measure our underwriting results using ratios, in particular loss, commission and brokerage and other underwriting expense ratios, which, respectively, divide incurred losses, commissions and brokerage and other underwriting expenses by premiums earned.

For inter-affiliate reinsurance and business written through the Lloyd's Syndicate, business is generally reported within the segment in which the business was first produced, consistent with how the business is managed.

The Company does not maintain separate balance sheet data for its operating segments.  Accordingly, the Company does not review and evaluate the financial results of its operating segments based upon balance sheet data.

27 

The following tables present the underwriting results for the operating segments for the periods indicated:

28 

The following table reconciles the underwriting results for the operating segments to income before taxes as reported in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the periods indicated:

The Company produces business in the U.S., Bermuda and internationally.  The net income deriving from and assets residing in the individual foreign countries in which the Company writes business are not identifiable in the Company's financial records.  Based on gross written premium, the table below presents the largest country, other than the U.S., in which the Company writes business, for the periods indicated:

No other country represented more than 5% of the Company's revenues.

14.  SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, share-based compensation awards granted were 5,566 restricted shares, granted on September 08, 2016, with a fair value of $194.165 per shares.

29 

15.  RETIREMENT BENEFITS

The Company maintains both qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans and a retiree health plan for its U.S. employees employed prior to April 1, 2010.

Net periodic benefit cost for U.S. employees included the following components for the periods indicated:

The Company contributed $30,000 thousand to the qualified pension benefit plan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  The Company did not make any contributions to the qualified pension benefit plan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.

16.  INCOME TAXES

The Company is domiciled in Bermuda and has significant subsidiaries and/or branches in Canada, Ireland, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and the United States.  The Company's Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries are exempt from income taxation under Bermuda law until 2035.  Pre-tax income generated by Group's non-Bermuda subsidiaries and the UK branch of Bermuda is subject to applicable federal, foreign, state and local taxes on corporations.  Company subsidiaries domiciled in the US as well as the Canadian and Singapore branches of Everest Re generate US pre-tax income (loss).   Foreign domiciled subsidiaries, including the UK branch of Bermuda Re, generate non-US pre-tax income (loss).  Fluctuations in US and non-US pre-tax income (loss) primarily result from the impact of catastrophe losses and realized investment gains (losses).

For interim reporting periods, the company is generally required to use the annualized effective tax rate ("AETR") method, as prescribed by ASC 740-270, Interim Reporting, to calculate its income tax provision.  Under this method, the AETR is applied to the interim year-to-date pre-tax income to determine the income tax expense or benefit for the year-to-date period.  The income tax expense or benefit for a quarter represents the difference between the year-to-date income tax expense or benefit for the current year-to-date period less such amount for the immediately preceding year-to-date period.  Management considers the impact of all known events in its estimation of the Company's annual pre-tax income and AETR.

30 

17.  DISPOSITION

The Company sold Heartland, its crop Managing General Agent to CGB for $49,000 thousand.  The sale agreement includes a provision for a long term strategic reinsurance relationship with CGB.  The Company has recognized an after-tax loss on the sale of Heartland of $12,942 thousand.  Under the terms of the reinsurance arrangement, there will not be a material fluctuation in the level of crop business, although it will be reflected as reinsurance rather than insurance.

18.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company has evaluated known recognized and non-recognized subsequent events.  During the early part of October, Hurricane Matthew impacted the Caribbean and the southeastern United States.  Based upon current early overall industry loss projections of $3 billion to $9 billion and applying the Company's estimated market share, the Company's best estimated range of loss from this event is $75,000 thousand to $200,000 thousand.  The Company does not have any other subsequent events to report.   

31 

ITEM 2.                      MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

Industry Conditions.

The worldwide reinsurance and insurance businesses are highly competitive, as well as cyclical by product and market.  As such, financial results tend to fluctuate with periods of constrained availability, higher rates and stronger profits followed by periods of abundant capacity, lower rates and constrained profitability.  Competition in the types of reinsurance and insurance business that we underwrite is based on many factors, including the perceived overall financial strength of the reinsurer or insurer, ratings of the reinsurer or insurer by A.M. Best and/or Standard   Poor's, underwriting expertise, the jurisdictions where the reinsurer or insurer is licensed or otherwise authorized, capacity and coverages offered, premiums charged, other terms and conditions of the reinsurance and insurance business offered, services offered, speed of claims payment and reputation and experience in lines written.  Furthermore, the market impact from these competitive factors related to reinsurance and insurance is generally not consistent across lines of business, domestic and international geographical areas and distribution channels.

We compete in the U.S., Bermuda and international reinsurance and insurance markets with numerous global competitors. Our competitors include independent reinsurance and insurance companies, subsidiaries or affiliates of established worldwide insurance companies, reinsurance departments of certain insurance companies, domestic and international underwriting operations, including underwriting syndicates at Lloyd's of London and certain government sponsored risk transfer vehicles.  Some of these competitors have greater financial resources than we do and have established long term and continuing business relationships, which can be a significant competitive advantage.  In addition, the lack of strong barriers to entry into the reinsurance business and recently, the securitization of reinsurance and insurance risks through capital markets provide additional sources of potential reinsurance and insurance capacity and competition.

Worldwide insurance and reinsurance market conditions continued to be very competitive, particularly in the property catastrophe and casualty reinsurance lines of business.  Generally, there was ample insurance and reinsurance capacity relative to demand, as well as, additional capital from the capital markets through insurance linked financial instruments.  These financial instruments such as side cars, catastrophe bonds and collateralized reinsurance funds, provide capital markets with access to insurance and reinsurance risk exposure.  The capital markets demand for these products is being primarily driven by the current low interest environment and the desire to achieve greater risk diversification and potentially higher returns on their investments.  This increased competition is generally having a negative impact on rates, terms and conditions; however, the impact varies widely by market and coverage.

Rates tend to fluctuate by specific region and products, particularly areas recently impacted by large catastrophic events.  Although there have been flooding and wind storm events and earthquakes in parts of the world, the overall 2013, 2014 and 2015 catastrophe losses for the industry were considerably lower than average.  During the first half of 2016, there has been an increase in catastrophes, such as the Fort McMurray Canadian wildfire, storms and an earthquake in Ecuador; however, the aggregate of these losses are below historical levels of catastrophe losses.  This lower level of losses, combined with increased competition has resulted in downward pressure on insurance and reinsurance rates in certain geographical areas.  During the first part of October, Hurricane Matthew affected a large area of the Caribbean and southeastern United States.  While the future impact on market conditions from this storm cannot be determined at this time, it is unlikely to have a significant impact on the overall markets, but may impact loss affected areas.

During 2015, we initiated a strategic build out of our insurance platform through the investment in key leadership hires which in turn has brought significant underwriting talent and stronger direction in achieving our insurance program strategic goals of increased premium volume and improved underwriting results.  Recent growth is coming from highly diversified areas including newly launched lines of business, as well as, product and geographic expansion in existing lines of business.  We are building a world-class insurance platform capable of offering products across lines and geographies, complementing our leading global reinsurance franchise.  As part of this initiative, we received approval from Lloyd's of London to launch a new syndicate, which will provide us access to additional international business and new product opportunities to further diversify and broaden our insurance portfolio in 2016.

32 

Overall, we believe that given our size, strong ratings, distribution system, reputation, expertise and capital market vehicle activity the current marketplace conditions provide profit opportunities.  We continue to employ our strategy of targeting business that offers the greatest profit potential, while maintaining balance and diversification in our overall portfolio.

Financial Summary.

We monitor and evaluate our overall performance based upon financial results.  The following table displays a summary of the consolidated net income (loss), ratios and shareholders' equity for the periods indicated.

33 

Revenues.

Premiums.     Gross written premiums increased by 3.3% to $1,782.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,724.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, reflecting a $43.9 million, or 9.0%, increase in our insurance business and a $13.8 million, or 1.1%, increase in our reinsurance business.  The rise in insurance premiums was primarily due to increases in most lines of business, as we have focused on expanding the insurance operations.  The increase in reinsurance premiums was mainly due to increases in treaty and facultative casualty business.  These increases were partially offset by lower premiums in treaty property business and a higher negative impact of $14.2 million from the year over year movement in foreign exchange rates.  Gross written premiums increased by 2.1% to $4,499.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $4,404.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, reflecting a $191.5 million, or 16.3%, increase in our insurance business, partially offset by a $96.9 million, or 3.0%, decrease in our reinsurance business.  The rise in insurance premiums was primarily due to increases in most lines of business, as we have focused on expanding the insurance operations.  The decline in reinsurance premiums was mainly due to a decrease in treaty property business, a decline in international premiums related to quota share agreements and a negative impact of $55.2 million from the year over year movement in foreign exchange rates. 

Net written premiums increased by 4.3% to $1,564.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,500.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and increased by 1.1% to $3,901.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $3,860.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The changes are consistent with the changes in gross written premiums.  Premiums earned increased by 0.6% to $1,371.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,362.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and decreased by 1.1% to $3,879.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $3,920.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Net Investment Income.     Net investment income increased by 6.3% to $122.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with investment income of $115.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Net investment income decreased by 1.4% to $357.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with investment income of $363.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Net pre-tax investment income, as a percentage of average invested assets, was 2.9% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 2.8% for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Net pre-tax investment income, as a percentage of average invested assets, was 2.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 3.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The increase in income and yields for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior period was primarily due to higher income from our limited partnerships, partially offset by lower reinvestment rates for the fixed income portfolios.  The decline in income and yield for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior period was primarily the result of lower reinvestment rates for the fixed income portfolios, partially offset by higher income from our limited partnerships. 

Net Realized Capital Gains (Losses).    Net realized capital gains were $0.4 million and net realized capital losses were $160.0 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  and  2015, respectively .   The net realized capital gains of $0.4 million were comprised of  $17.6 million of net gains from fair value re-measurements and $11.6 million of net realized capital gains from sales on our fixed maturity and equity securities, partially offset by net realized capital losses of $28.0 million from the sale of our Heartland subsidiary and $0.8 million of other-than-temporary impairments.   The net realized capital losses of $160.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 were the result of  $117.1 million of net losses from fair value re-measurements, $22.5 million of net realized capital losses from sales on our fixed maturity and equity securities and $20.4 million of other-than-temporary impairments.

34 

Net realized capital losses were $41.2 million and $194.7 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  and  2015, respectively .   The net realized capital losses of $41.2 million were comprised of  $31.1 million of other-than-temporary impairments, net realized capital losses of $28.0 million from the sale of our Heartland subsidiary and $19.8 million of net realized capital losses from sales on our fixed maturity and equity securities, partially offset by $37.7 million of net gains from fair value re-measurements.   The net realized capital losses of $194.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were the result of  $98.7 million of net losses from fair value re-measurements, $62.7 million of other-than-temporary impairments and $33.3 million of net realized capital losses from sales on our fixed maturity and equity securities.

Net Derivative Gain (Loss).    In 2005 and prior, we sold seven equity index put option contracts, which remain outstanding.  These contracts meet the definition of a derivative in accordance with FASB guidance and as such, are fair valued each quarter with the change recorded as net derivative gain or loss in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).  As a result of these adjustments in value,  we recognized net derivative gains of $6.5 million and $5.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and net derivative losses of $11.4 million and $5.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The change in the fair value of these equity index put option contracts is indicative of the change in the equity markets and interest rates over the same periods. 

Other Income (Expense).    We recorded other income of $9.4 million and other expense of $21.0 million  for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 , respectively.  We recorded other income of $25.3 million and $74.5 million  for the three and nine months ended September 30, 201 5, respectively.  The changes were primarily the result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates for the corresponding periods.  The foreign exchange losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily a result of the decline in the Great British Pound (Sterling) in relation to other major currencies resulting from the United Kingdom vote to leave the European Union.

Claims and Expenses.

Incurred Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses.    The following tables present our incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses ("LAE") for the periods indicated.

35 

Incurred losses and LAE decreased by 9.8% to $786.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $871.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to a decrease in current year attritional losses of $68.1 million, as the 2015 attritional loss ratio reflected a $60.0 million loss estimate for the explosions at the Chinese Port of Tianjin, and a $41.8 million decrease in prior years catastrophe losses, partially offset by a $25.1 million increase in current year catastrophe losses.  The $42.2 million favorable loss development for prior years catastrophes for the three months ended September 30, 2016 related primarily to the 2015 Chilean earthquake ($24.9 million) and the 2013 U.S. storms ($12.0 million).  The current year catastrophe losses of $59.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 related to the Fort McMurray Canada wildfire ($27.8 million), Hurricane Hermine ($13.5 million), 2016 U.S. storms ($13.4 million), the 2016 Taiwan Earthquake ($4.6 million) and the Ecuador earthquake ($0.3 million).  The current year catastrophe losses of $34.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 related mainly to the  Chilean earthquake ($34.8 million).

Incurred losses and LAE decreased by 0.9% to $2,344.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2,365.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to a decrease in current year attritional losses of $107.3 million and a decrease in prior years catastrophe development of $57.8 million compared to the prior year, partially offset by an increase of $147.6 million in current year catastrophe losses.  The $107.3 million decline in the current year attritional loss ratio was primarily due to the $60.0 million attritional losses in 2015 related to the explosions at the Chinese Port of Tianjin and the 1.1% decline in premiums earned.  The $68.2 million of favorable prior years catastrophe losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related primarily to the 2015 Chilean earthquake ($24.8 million), the 2011 Japanese earthquake ($21.3 million) and the 2013 U.S. storms ($9.5 million).  The current year catastrophe losses of $219.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to the Fort McMurray Canada wildfire ($117.6 million), 2016 U.S. storms ($49.9 million), the Ecuador earthquake ($23.2 million), the 2016 Taiwan earthquake ($15.1 million) and Hurricane Hermine ($13.5 million).  The current year catastrophe losses of $71.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 related to the  Chilean earthquake ($34.8 million), the Northern Chile storms ($20.0 million) and the New South Wales storms ($16.8 million).

Commission, Brokerage, Taxes and Fees.    Commission, brokerage, taxes and fees  increased by 4.9% to $309.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $295.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.   Commission, brokerage, taxes and fees  increased by 1.3% to $880.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $868.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  These increases were primarily due to changes in the mix of business. 

36 

Other Underwriting Expenses.     Other underwriting expenses were $78.6 million and $68.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Other underwriting expenses were $222.8 million and $188.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increases in other underwriting expenses were mainly due to costs incurred related to the expansion of the insurance business. 

Corporate Expenses.     Corporate expenses, which are general operating expenses that are not allocated to segments, were $6.4 million and $5.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $21.4 million and $17.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increases in corporate expenses were mainly due to increased compensation and benefit expenses. 

Interest, Fees and Bond Issue Cost Amortization Expense.     Interest, fees and other bond amortization expense was $8.9 million and $9.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Interest, fees and other bond amortization expense was $27.2 million and $27.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit).     We had income tax expenses of $25.5 million and income tax benefits of $6.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and income tax expenses of $61.5 million and $70.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  I ncome tax expense is primarily a function of the geographic location of the Company's pre-tax income and the statutory tax rates in those jurisdictions, as affected by tax-exempt investment income and as calculated under the annualized effective tax rate ("AETR") method. Variations in the AETR generally result from changes in the relative levels of pre-tax income, including the impact of catastrophe losses and net capital gains (losses), among jurisdictions with different tax rates.  The increase in income tax expenses  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to  the three ended September 30, 2015  was mainly due to the decrease in losses incurred and lower capital losses.

Net Income (Loss).

Our net income was $295.4 million and $88.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Our net income was $622.8 million and $620.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The changes were primarily driven by the financial component fluctuations explained above.

Ratios.

Our combined ratio decreased by 5.0 points to 85.6% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 90.6% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and increased by 1.6 points to 88.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 87.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The loss ratio components decreased 6.6 points and increased 0.1 points for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, over the same periods last year.  The change for the three month period was mainly due to lower current year attritional losses and favorable prior year development on catastrophe losses in 2016 compared to 2015.  The commission and brokerage ratio components were comparable at 22.6% and 21.7% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 22.7% and 22.2% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The other underwriting expense ratio components increased by 0.7 points and 1.0 points for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same periods last year due primarily to the increased focus on the expansion of the insurance business.

Shareholders' Equity.

Shareholders' equity increased by $432.5 million to $8,041.1 million at September 30, 2016 from $7,608.6 million at December 31, 2015, principally as a result of $622.8 million of net income, $286.0 million of unrealized appreciation on investments, net of tax, $25.7 million of share-based compensation transactions, $17.6 million of net foreign currency translation adjustments and $3.9 million of net benefit plan obligation adjustments, partially offset by repurchases of 2.0 million common shares for $379.2 million and $144.3 million of shareholder dividends.

37 

Consolidated Investment Results

Net Investment Income.

Net investment income increased by 6.3% to $122.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $115.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to an increase in limited partnership income.  Net investment income decreased by 1.4% to $357.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $363.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to a decline in income from our fixed maturities, reflective of lower reinvestment rates, partially offset by an increase in income from our limited partnerships.

The following table shows the components of net investment income for the periods indicated.

The following tables show a comparison of various investment yields for the periods indicated.

38 

Net Realized Capital Gains (Losses).

The following table presents the composition of our net realized capital gains (losses) for the periods indicated.

Net realized capital gains were $0.4 million and net realized capital losses were $160.0 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  and 2015, respectively.   For the three months ended September 30, 2016 , we recorded $17.6 million of net gains from fair value re-measurements and $11.6 million of net realized capital gains from sales on our fixed maturity and equity securities, partially offset by $28.0 million of net realized capital losses from the sale of our Heartland subsidiary and $0.8 million of other-than-temporary impairments.   For the three months ended September 30, 2015 , we recorded $117.1 million of net losses from fair value re-measurements, $22.5 million of net realized capital losses from sales on our fixed maturity and equity securities and $20.4 million of other-than-temporary impairments.  The fixed maturity and equity sales  for both periods  related primarily to adjusting the portfolios for overall market changes and individual credit shifts.

Net realized capital losses were $41.2 million and $194.7 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  and 2015, respectively.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , we recorded $31.1 million of other-than-temporary impairments, $28.0 million of net realized capital losses from the sale of our Heartland subsidiary and $19.8 million of net realized capital losses from sales on our fixed maturity and equity securities, partially offset by $37.7 million of net gains from fair value re-measurements.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 , we recorded $98.7 million of net losses from fair value re-measurements, $62.7 million of other-than-temporary impairments and $33.3 million of net realized capital

39 

losses from sales on our fixed maturity and equity securities.  The fixed maturity and equity sales  for both periods  related primarily to adjusting the portfolios for overall market changes and individual credit shifts.

Segment Results.

The U.S. Reinsurance operation writes property and casualty reinsurance and specialty lines of business, including Marine, Aviation, Surety and Accident and Health ("A H") business, on both a treaty and facultative basis, through reinsurance brokers, as well as directly with ceding companies primarily within the U.S.  The International operation writes non-U.S. property and casualty reinsurance through Everest Re's branches in Canada and Singapore and through offices in Brazil, Miami and New Jersey. The Bermuda operation provides reinsurance and insurance to worldwide property and casualty markets through brokers and directly with ceding companies from its Bermuda office and reinsurance to the United Kingdom and European markets through its UK branch and Ireland Re.  The Insurance operation writes property and casualty insurance directly and through general agents, brokers and surplus lines brokers within the U.S. and Canada.

These segments are managed independently, but conform with corporate guidelines with respect to pricing, risk management, control of aggregate catastrophe exposures, capital, investments and support operations.  Management generally monitors and evaluates the financial performance of these operating segments based upon their underwriting results.

Underwriting results include earned premium less losses and loss adjustment expenses ("LAE") incurred, commission and brokerage expenses and other underwriting expenses.  We measure our underwriting results using ratios, in particular loss, commission and brokerage and other underwriting expense ratios, which, respectively, divide incurred losses, commissions and brokerage and other underwriting expenses by premiums earned.

For inter-affiliate reinsurance and business written through the Lloyd's Syndicate, business is generally reported within the segment in which the business was first produced, consistent with how the business is managed.

The Company does not maintain separate balance sheet data for its operating segments.  Accordingly, the Company does not review and evaluate the financial results of its operating segments based upon balance sheet data.

Overall, we believe that given our size, strong ratings, distribution system, reputation, expertise and capital market vehicle activity the current marketplace conditions provide profit opportunities.  We continue to employ our strategy of targeting business that offers the greatest profit potential, while maintaining balance and diversification in our overall portfolio.

40 

The following discusses the underwriting results for each of our segments for the periods indicated.

U.S. Reinsurance.

The following table presents the underwriting results and ratios for the U.S. Reinsurance segment for the periods indicated.

Premiums.      Gross written premiums increased by 8.8% to $654.8 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  from $601.6 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to an increase in treaty casualty business.  Net written premiums increased by 32.8% to $678.8 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $511.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  The difference between the change in gross written premiums compared to the change in net written premiums is primarily due to the assumption of the crop business due to the sale of Heartland and a concurrent new crop reinsurance contract.  Premiums earned increased 6.3% to $519.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016,  compared to $488.5 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is primarily the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Gross written premiums decreased by 1.1% to $1,597.0 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  from $1,615.3 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to a decrease in treaty property business, partially offset by an increase in treaty casualty business.  Net written premiums increased by 7.8% to $1,491.2 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $1,383.6 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   The difference between the change in gross written premiums compared to the change in net written premiums is primarily due to the crop transaction described above.  Premiums earned decreased 0.1% to $1,479.0 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,  compared to $1,480.4 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is primarily the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

41 

Incurred Losses and LAE.      The following tables present the incurred losses and LAE for the U.S. Reinsurance segment for the periods indicated.

Incurred losses increased by 22.2% to $276.3 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $225.9 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to a $38.2 million increase in current year attritional losses, related to the impact of the increase in premiums earned, and an increase of $28.5 million on current year catastrophe losses.  This increase was partially offset by more favorable development of $10.8 million on prior years' catastrophe losses, mainly related to the 2013 U.S. storms.  The $28.7 million of current year catastrophe losses  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 related to Hurricane Hermine ($13.5 million), 2016 U.S. storms ($12.7 million), and the Fort McMurray Canada wildfire ($2.6 million).   The $0.2 million of current year catastrophe losses for  the three months ended September 30, 2015 were due to the New South Wales storms .

Incurred losses increased by 4.7% to $732.3 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $699.6 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to an increase of $31.4 million in current year catastrophe losses.  There was also more favorable development of $17.7 million on prior years' catastrophe losses and less favorable development of $14.8 million on prior years' attritional losses related to treaty casualty and marine business.  The $31.6 million of current year catastrophe losses  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to the 2016 U.S. storms ($19.1 million) and Hurricane Hermine ($13.5 million).  T he $0.2 million of current year catastrophe losses for  the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were due to the New South Wales storms .  The $26.5 million of

42 

prior years catastrophes for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 mainly related to the 2011 Japan earthquake ($12.2 million) and the 2013 U.S. storms ($9.6 million).

Segment Expenses.    Commission and brokerage expenses decreased to $116.7 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $121.1 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  Commission and brokerage expenses decreased by 2.6% to $354.6 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $364.0 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The decreases are mainly due to the impact of quota share contracts and changes in the mix of business.

Segment other underwriting expenses increased slightly to $14.3 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  from $13.7 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015.   Segment other underwriting expenses increased to $39.9 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  from $37.1 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The increases were primarily due to the impact of changes in the mix of business and higher compensation costs. 

International.

The following table presents the underwriting results and ratios for the International segment for the periods indicated.

Premiums.      Gross written premiums decreased by 3.9% to $348.8 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $363.1 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to a decline in Middle East business and the negative impact of $6.2 million from the movement of foreign exchange rates.  Net written premiums decreased by 0.7% to $316.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $318.5 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  The difference between the change in gross written premiums compared to the change in net written premiums is primarily due to varying utilization of reinsurance related to the quota share contracts.  Premiums earned decreased 3.1% to $282.4 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $291.4 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is primarily the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Gross written premiums decreased by 6.6% to $925.0 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $989.9 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to declines in Latin American, Middle East and Asian business and the negative impact of $38.1 million from the movement of foreign exchange rates.  Net written premiums decreased by 10.8% to $799.9 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $896.9 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The difference between the change in gross written premiums compared to the change in net

43 

written premiums is primarily due to varying utilization of reinsurance related to the quota share contracts.  Premiums earned decreased 11.9% to $823.5 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $935.2 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is primarily the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Incurred Losses and LAE.      The following tables present the incurred losses and LAE for the International segment for the periods indicated.

Incurred losses and LAE decreased by 46.6% to $122.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $229.0 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to a decrease in current year attritional losses of $62.9 million, mainly related to lower Latin American and Asian losses in 2016 and $29.7 million of losses from the explosion at the Chinese port of Tianjin in 2015, a decrease of $13.9 million in current year catastrophe losses and $29.6 million of more favorable development in prior years catastrophe losses.  The $20.5 million of current year catastrophe losses  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  were mainly due to the Fort McMurray Canada wildfire ($14.8 million), the 2016 Taiwan earthquake ($4.6 million),  the 2016 U.S. storms ($0.6 million),  and the Ecuador earthquake ($0.4 million).  The $34.4 million of current year catastrophe losses  for the three months ended September 30, 2015  were primarily due to the Chilean earthquake ($34.8 million).  The 2016 favorable development in prior years catastrophe losses is related primarily to the 2015 Chilean earthquake.

44 

Incurred losses and LAE decreased by 15.7% to $531.6 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $630.8 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015,  primarily due to a decrease in current year attritional losses of $127.9 million, mainly due to lower Latin American and Asian losses in 2016, more favorable development of prior year catastrophe losses of $30.1 million and the impact of the decrease in premiums earned, partially offset by an increase of $67.4 million in current year catastrophe losses.  The $138.7 million of current year catastrophe losses  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  were due to the Fort McMurray Canada wildfire ($99.2 million), the Ecuador earthquake ($23.6 million), the 2016 Taiwan earthquake ($15.3 million) and  the 2016 U.S. storms ($0.6 million) .  The $71.3 million of current year catastrophe losses  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015  were due to the Chilean earthquake ($34.8 million), Northern Chile storms ($20.0 million) and the New South Wales storms ($16.5 million).  The 2016 favorable development in prior years catastrophe losses related primarily to the 2015 Chilean earthquake.

Segment Expenses    .      Commission and brokerage increased by 10.6% to $78.4 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $70.9 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  The quarter over quarter increase is due to higher contingent commission and the impact of quota share contracts.  Commission and brokerage decreased by 7.5% to $209.3 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $226.3 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The year over year decrease was mainly due to the impact of the decrease in premiums earned and changes in the mix of business.

Segment other underwriting expenses increased to $11.0 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $9.1 million for the  three months ended September 30, 2015 .  Segment other underwriting expenses increased slightly to $26.8 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $25.3 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .

Bermuda.

The following table presents the underwriting results and ratios for the Bermuda segment for the periods indicated.

Premiums.      Gross written premiums decreased by 9.3% to $246.0 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $271.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to lower writings through the Ireland office, as well as the negative impact of $7.4 million from the movement of foreign exchange rates.  Net written premiums decreased by 8.9% to $229.4 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $251.7 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015, which is consistent with the change in gross written premiums .  Premiums earned decreased 2.9% to $215.8 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $222.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  The change in premiums earned relative to net

45 

written premiums is the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Gross written premiums decreased by 2.2% to $612.7 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $626.4 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to lower casualty writings through the U.K. branch and Ireland office, as well as the negative impact of $16.1 million from the movement of foreign exchange rates, partially offset by increased casualty writings through the Bermuda office.  Net written premiums increased by 0.8% to $562.1 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $557.5 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The difference between the change in gross written premiums compared to the change in net written premiums was due to varying utilization of reinsurance.  Premiums earned decreased 0.9% to $610.5 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $616.2 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Incurred Losses and LAE.    The following tables present the incurred losses and LAE for the Bermuda segment for the periods indicated.

46 

Incurred losses and LAE decreased by 17.6% to $127.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $154.3 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015,  primarily due to a decrease of $36.4 million in current year attritional losses related to changes in the mix of business, partially offset by an increase of $10.6 million in current year catastrophes losses.  The $10.6 million of current year catastrophe losses  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  were mainly due to the Fort McMurray Canada wildfire ($10.4 million) and  the 2016 U.S. storms ($0.1 million).   There were no current year catastrophe losses  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .

Incurred losses and LAE decreased by 6.4% to $348.6 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $372.6 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015,  primarily due to a decrease of $33.8 million in current year attritional losses related to changes in the mix of business and more favorable development of $9.6 million in prior years' catastrophe losses, mainly related to the 2011 Japan earthquake and the 2011 Thailand floods, partially offset by $10.6 million in current year catastrophe losses.  The $10.6 million of current year catastrophe losses  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  were mainly due to the Fort McMurray Canada wildfire ($10.4 million) and  the 2016 U.S. storms ($0.1 million).   There were no current year catastrophe losses  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .

Segment Expenses.      Commission and brokerage increased by 12.5% to $59.6 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $53.0 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Commission and brokerage increased by 12.0% to $169.4 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $151.4 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  These increases were  mainly due to changes in the mix of business.

Segment other underwriting expenses decreased slightly to $8.8 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $9.5 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  Segment other underwriting expenses decreased slightly to $26.3 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $27.0 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .

Insurance.

The following table presents the underwriting results and ratios for the Insurance segment for the periods indicated.

Premiums.      Gross written premiums increased by 9.0% to $533.0 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $489.1 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  This increase was primarily driven by increases in accident and health business, premium from the start-up of the Lloyd's syndicate and additional expansion of other insurance lines of business.  Net written premiums decreased by 18.8% to $340.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $419.0 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .   The difference between the change in gross written premiums compared to the change in net written premiums is primarily due to the transfer of 

47 

the crop business to the U.S. Reinsurance segment as a result of the Heartland sale and entering into a new crop reinsurance contract.   Premiums earned decreased 1.8% to $354.1 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $360.7 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Gross written premiums increased by 16.3% to $1,364.5 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $1,173.0 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  This increase was primarily driven by increases in accident and health business, premium from the start-up of the Lloyd's syndicate and additional expansion of other insurance lines of business.  Net written premiums increased by 2.5% to $1,047.9 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $1,022.4 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The difference between the change in gross written premiums compared to the change in net written premiums is primarily due to the transfer of the crop business as described above.   Premiums earned increased 8.7% to $966.3 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $888.7 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Incurred Losses and LAE.      The following tables present the incurred losses and LAE for the Insurance segment for the periods indicated.

48 

Incurred losses and LAE decreased by 0.7% to $260.5 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $262.3 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 , mainly due to a decrease of $6.8 million in current year attritional losses related to the impact of the decline in premiums earned, partially offset by unfavorable development of $5.2 million in prior years' attritional losses related to liability business.  There were no current year catastrophe losses  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 .

Incurred losses and LAE increased by 10.6% to $732.3 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $662.1 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015  mainly due to an increase of $50.2 million in current year attritional losses primarily related to the impact of the increase in premiums earned and an increase of $38.4 million in current year catastrophe losses, partially offset by the impact from less unfavorable development of $18.2 million in prior years' attritional losses mainly related to runoff umbrella and construction liability business.  The $38.4 million of current year catastrophe losses  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  were due to the 2016 U.S. storms ($30.0 million) and the Fort McMurray Canada wildfire ($8.4 million).  There were no current year catastrophe losses  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .

Segment Expenses.    Commission and brokerage increased by 9.1% to $54.9 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $50.3 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  Commission and brokerage increased by 15.4% to $146.7 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $127.1 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The increases were mainly due to changes in the mix of business.

Segment other underwriting expenses increased to $44.5 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $35.7 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015.   Segment other underwriting expenses increased to $129.8 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $99.2 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The increases were primarily due to  increased expenses due to the build out of our insurance platform.

FINANCIAL CONDITION

Cash and Invested Assets.    Aggregate invested assets, including cash and short-term investments, were $17,539.6 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $863.2 million compared to $16,676.4 million at December 31, 2015.  This increase was primarily the result of $950.7 million of cash flows from operations, $341.1 million of pre-tax unrealized appreciation, $68.3 million due to fluctuations in foreign currencies, $44.5 million of unsettled securities and $33.3 million in equity adjustments of our limited partnership investments, partially offset by $379.2 million paid for share repurchases, $144.3 million paid out in dividends to shareholders, $31.1 million of other-than-temporary impairments, $38.2 million of amortization bond premium and $4.4 million in fair value re-measurements.

Our principal investment objectives are to ensure funds are available to meet our insurance and reinsurance obligations and to maximize after-tax investment income while maintaining a high quality diversified investment portfolio.  Considering these objectives, we view our investment portfolio as having two components: 1) the investments needed to satisfy outstanding liabilities (our core fixed maturities portfolio) and 2) investments funded by our shareholders' equity.

For the portion needed to satisfy global outstanding liabilities, we generally invest in taxable and tax-preferenced fixed income securities with an average credit quality of Aa3.  For the U.S. portion of this portfolio, our mix of taxable and tax-preferenced investments is adjusted periodically, consistent with our current and projected U.S. operating results, market conditions and our tax position.  This global fixed maturity securities portfolio is externally managed by an independent, professional investment manager using portfolio guidelines approved by internal management.

49 

Over the past several years, we have expanded the allocation of our investments funded by shareholders' equity to include:  1) a greater percentage of publicly traded equity securities, 2) emerging market fixed maturities through mutual fund structures, as well as individual holdings, 3) high yield fixed maturities, 4) bank loan securities and 5) private equity limited partnership investments.  The objective of this portfolio diversification is to enhance the risk-adjusted total return of the investment portfolio by allocating a prudent portion of the portfolio to higher return asset classes, which are also less subject to changes in value with movements in interest rates.  We limit our allocation to these asset classes because of 1) the potential for volatility in their values and 2) the impact of these investments on regulatory and rating agency capital adequacy models.  We use investment managers experienced in these markets and adjust our allocation to these investments based upon market conditions.  At September 30, 2016, the market value of investments in these investment market sectors, carried at both market and fair value, approximated 52% of shareholders' equity.

The Company's limited partnership investments are comprised of limited partnerships that invest in private equities.  Generally, the limited partnerships are reported on a quarter lag.  We receive annual audited financial statements for all of the limited partnerships which are prepared using fair value accounting in accordance with FASB guidance.  For the quarterly reports, the Company's staff performs reviews of the financial reports for any unusual changes in carrying value.  If the Company becomes aware of a significant decline in value during the lag reporting period, the loss will be recorded in the period in which the Company identifies the decline.

The tables below summarize the composition and characteristics of our investment portfolio as of the dates indicated.

The following table provides a comparison of our total return by asset class relative to broadly accepted industry benchmarks for the periods indicated:

The pre-tax equivalent total return for the bond portfolio was 4.9% and 1.4%, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  The pre-tax equivalent return adjusts the yield on tax-exempt bonds to the fully taxable equivalent.

50 

Our fixed income and equity portfolios have different compositions than the benchmark indexes.  Our fixed income portfolios have a shorter duration because we align our investment portfolio with our liabilities.  We also hold foreign securities to match our foreign liabilities while the index is comprised of only U.S. securities.  Our equity portfolios reflect an emphasis on dividend yield and growth equities, while the index is comprised of the largest 500 equities by market capitalization.

Reinsurance Receivables. 

Reinsurance receivables for both paid and recoverable on unpaid losses totaled $965.4 million at September 30, 2016 and $894.0 million at December 31, 2015.  At September 30, 2016, $181.0 million, or 18.7%, was receivable from Resolution Group Reinsurance (Barbados) Limited ("Resolution Group"); $102.7 million, or 10.6%, was receivable from Zurich Vericherungs Gesellschaft ("Zurich"); $87.2 million, or 9.0%, was receivable from C.V. Starr (Bermuda) ("C.V. Starr"); and $52.1 million, or 5.4%, was receivable from Axis Reinsurance Company ("Axis"). The receivables from Resolution Group and C.V. Starr are fully collateralized by individual trust agreements.  No other retrocessionaire accounted for more than 5% of our receivables.

Loss and LAE Reserves.       Gross loss and LAE reserves totaled $10,375.5 million at September 30, 2016 and $9,951.8 million at December 31, 2015.

The following tables summarize gross outstanding loss and LAE reserves by segment, classified by case reserves and IBNR reserves, for the periods indicated.

Changes in premiums earned and business mix, reserve re-estimations, catastrophe losses and changes in catastrophe loss reserves and claim settlement activity all impact loss and LAE reserves by segment and in total.

Our loss and LAE reserves represent management's best estimate of our ultimate liability for unpaid claims.  We continuously re-evaluate our reserves, including re-estimates of prior period reserves, taking into consideration all available information and, in particular, newly reported loss and claim experience.  Changes in reserves resulting from such re-evaluations are reflected in incurred losses in the period when the re-evaluation is made.  Our analytical methods and processes operate at multiple levels including individual contracts, groupings of like contracts, classes and lines of business, internal business units, segments, legal entities, and in the aggregate.  In order to set appropriate reserves, we make qualitative and quantitative analyses and judgments at these various levels.  Additionally, the attribution of reserves, changes in reserves and incurred losses among accident years requires qualitative and quantitative adjustments and allocations

51 

at these various levels.  We utilize actuarial science, business expertise and management judgment in a manner intended to ensure the accuracy and consistency of our reserving practices.  Nevertheless, our reserves are estimates, which are subject to variation, which may be significant.

There can be no assurance that reserves for, and losses from, claim obligations will not increase in the future, possibly by a material amount.  However, we believe that our existing reserves and reserving methodologies lessen the probability that any such increase would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  In this context, we note that over the past 10 years, as presented in our previous 10-K filing, our calendar year operations have been affected by effects from prior period reserve re-estimates, ranging from a favorable $68.6 million in 2015, representing 0.7% of the net prior period reserves for the year in which the adjustment was made, to an unfavorable $206.5 million in 2007, representing 2.6% of the net prior period reserves for the year in which the adjustment was made.

Asbestos and Environmental Exposures.    A E exposures represent a separate exposure group for monitoring and evaluating reserve adequacy.  The following table summarizes the outstanding loss reserves with respect to A E reserves on both a gross and net of retrocessions basis for the periods indicated.

With respect to asbestos only, at September 30, 2016, we had net asbestos loss reserves of $275.4 million, or 95.2%, of total net A E reserves, all of which was for assumed business.

On July 13, 2015, we sold Mt. McKinley to Clearwater Insurance Company.  Concurrently with the closing, we entered into a retrocession treaty with an affiliate of Clearwater.  Per the retrocession treaty, we retroceded 100% of the liabilities associated with certain Mt. McKinley policies, which had been reinsured by Bermuda Re.  As consideration for entering into the retrocession treaty, Bermuda Re transferred cash of $140.3 million, an amount equal to the net loss reserves as of the closing date.  Of the $140.3 million of net loss reserves retroceded, $100.5 million were related to A E business.  The maximum liability retroceded under the retrocession treaty will be $440.3 million, equal to the retrocession payment plus $300.0 million.  We will retain liability for any amounts exceeding the maximum liability retroceded under the retrocession treaty.

Ultimate loss projections for A E liabilities cannot be accomplished using standard actuarial techniques.  We believe that our A E reserves represent management's best estimate of the ultimate liability; however, there can be no assurance that ultimate loss payments will not exceed such reserves, perhaps by a significant amount.

Industry analysts use the "survival ratio" to compare the A E reserves among companies with such liabilities.  The survival ratio is typically calculated by dividing a company's current net reserves by the three year average of annual paid losses.  Hence, the survival ratio equals the number of years that it would take to exhaust the current reserves if future loss payments were to continue at historical levels.  Using this measurement, our net three year asbestos survival ratio was 5.1 years at September 30, 2016.  These metrics can be skewed by individual large settlements occurring in the prior three years and therefore, may not be indicative of the timing of future payments.

Shareholders' Equity.    Our shareholders' equity increased to $8,041.1 million as of September 30, 2016 from $7,608.6 million as of December 31, 2015.  This increase was the result of $622.8 million of net income, $286.0 million of unrealized appreciation on investments, $25.7 million of share-based compensation transactions, $17.6 million of net foreign currency translation adjustments and $3.9 million of net benefit plan obligation adjustments, partially offset by repurchases of 2.0 million common shares for $379.2 million and $144.3 million of shareholder dividends.

52 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Capital.    Shareholders' equity at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $8,041.1 million and $7,608.6 million, respectively.  Management's objective in managing capital is to ensure its overall capital level, as well as the capital levels of its operating subsidiaries, exceed the amounts required by regulators, the amount needed to support our current financial strength ratings from rating agencies and our own economic capital models. The Company's capital has historically exceeded these benchmark levels.

Our two main operating companies Bermuda Re and Everest Re are regulated by the Bermuda Monetary Authority ("BMA") and the State of Delaware, Department of Insurance, respectively.  Both regulatory bodies have their own capital adequacy models based on statutory capital as opposed to GAAP basis equity.  Failure to meet the required statutory capital levels could result in various regulatory restrictions, including business activity and the payment of dividends to their parent companies.

The regulatory targeted capital and the actual statutory capital for Bermuda Re and Everest Re were as follows:

(1)    Regulatory targeted capital represents the target capital level from the applicable year's BSCR calculation. 

(2)    Regulatory targeted capital represents 200% of the RBC authorized control level calculation for the applicable year. 

Our financial strength ratings as determined by A.M. Best, Standard   Poor's and Moody's are important as they provide our customers and investors with an independent assessment of our financial strength using a rating scale that provides for relative comparisons.  We continue to possess significant financial flexibility and access to debt and equity markets as a result of our financial strength, as evidenced by the financial strength ratings as assigned by independent rating agencies.

We maintain our own economic capital models to monitor and project our overall capital, as well as, the capital at our operating subsidiaries.  A key input to the economic models is projected income and this input is continually compared to actual results, which may require a change in the capital strategy.  For example, if catastrophe losses are higher than expected, we may scale back our share buybacks to offset the impact on capital from the reduced income.

During 2015 and the through the third quarter of 2016, we repurchased 4.3 million shares for $779.3 million in the open market and paid $319.4 million in dividends to adjust our capital position and enhance long term expected returns to our shareholders.  We may at times enter into a Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plan agreement to facilitate the repurchase of shares.  On November 19, 2014, our existing Board authorization to purchase up to 25 million of our shares was amended to authorize the purchase of up to 30 million shares.  As of September 30, 2016, we had repurchased 27.9 million shares under this authorization.

Liquidity.    Our liquidity requirements are generally met from positive cash flow from operations.  Positive cash flow results from reinsurance and insurance premiums being collected prior to disbursements for claims, which disbursements generally take place over an extended period after the collection of premiums, sometimes a period of many years.  Collected premiums are generally invested, prior to their use in such disbursements, and investment income provides additional funding for loss payments.  Our net cash flows from operating activities were $950.7 million and $801.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Additionally, these cash flows reflected net tax payments of $40.1 million and $123.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and net catastrophe loss payments of $103.5 million and $124.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

53 

If disbursements for claims and benefits, policy acquisition costs and other operating expenses were to exceed premium inflows, cash flow from reinsurance and insurance operations would be negative.  The effect on cash flow from insurance operations would be partially offset by cash flow from investment income.  Additionally, cash inflows from investment maturities and dispositions, both short-term investments and longer term maturities are available to supplement other operating cash flows.

As the timing of payments for claims and benefits cannot be predicted with certainty, we maintain portfolios of long term invested assets with varying maturities, along with short-term investments that provide additional liquidity for payment of claims.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we held cash and short-term investments of $750.3 million and $1,083.3 million, respectively.  All of our short-term investments are readily marketable and can be converted to cash.  Starting in the first quarter of 2016, we implemented a new liquidity sweep facility with investments in short maturity, investment grade, U.S. dollar denominated fixed income securities.  The facility is structured as a limited liability corporation so it is classified on our balance sheet as part of other invested assets.  This facility had $381.6 million of available liquidity at September 30, 2016.  In addition to these cash and short-term investments, at September 30, 2016, we had $900.6 million of available for sale fixed maturity securities maturing within one year or less, $6,906.7 million maturing within one to five years and $3,165.1 million maturing after five years.  Our $1,214.0 million of equity securities are comprised primarily of publicly traded securities that can be easily liquidated.  We believe that these fixed maturity and equity securities, in conjunction with the short-term investments and positive cash flow from operations, provide ample sources of liquidity for the expected payment of losses in the near future.  We do not anticipate selling securities or using available credit facilities to pay losses and LAE but have the ability to do so.  Sales of securities might result in realized capital gains or losses.  At September 30, 2016 we had $408.9 million of net pre-tax unrealized appreciation, comprised of $515.8 million of pre-tax unrealized appreciation and $106.9 million of pre-tax unrealized depreciation.

Management expects annual positive cash flow from operations, which in general reflects the strength of overall pricing, to persist over the near term, absent any unusual catastrophe activity.  In the intermediate and long term, our cash flow from operations will be impacted to the extent by which competitive pressures affect overall pricing in our markets and by which our premium receipts are impacted from our strategy of emphasizing underwriting profitability over premium volume.

In addition to our cash flows from operations and liquid investments, we also have multiple credit facilities that provide up to $200.0 million of unsecured revolving credit for liquidity but more importantly provide for up to $600.0 million and  175.0 million of collateralized standby letters of credit to support business written by our Bermuda operating subsidiaries.

Effective May 26, 2016, Group, Bermuda Re and Everest International entered into a five year, $800.0 million senior credit facility with a syndicate of lenders, which amended and restated in its entirety the June 22, 2012, four year, $800.0 million senior credit facility.  Both the May 26, 2016 and June 22, 2012 senior credit facilities, which have similar terms, are referred to as the "Group Credit Facility".  Wells Fargo Corporation ("Wells Fargo Bank") is the administrative agent for the Group Credit Facility, which consists of two tranches.  Tranche one provides up to $200.0 million of unsecured revolving credit for liquidity and general corporate purposes, and for the issuance of unsecured standby letters of credit.  The interest on the revolving loans shall, at the Company's option, be either (1) the Base Rate (as defined below) or (2) an adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus a margin.  The Base Rate is the higher of (a) the prime commercial lending rate established by Wells Fargo Bank, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5% per annum or (c) the one month LIBOR Rate plus 1.0% per annum. The amount of margin and the fees payable for the Group Credit Facility depends on Group's senior unsecured debt rating.  Tranche two exclusively provides up to $600.0 million for the issuance of standby letters of credit on a collateralized basis.

The Group Credit Facility requires Group to maintain a debt to capital ratio of not greater than 0.35 to 1 and to maintain a minimum net worth.  Minimum net worth is an amount equal to the sum of $5,371.0 million plus 25% of consolidated net income for each of Group's fiscal quarters, for which statements are available ending on or after March 31, 2016 and for which consolidated net income is positive, plus 25% of any increase in consolidated net worth during such period attributable to the issuance of ordinary and preferred shares, which at September 30, 2016, was $5,488.1 million.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all Group Credit Facility covenants.

54 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no outstanding short-term borrowings from the Group Credit Facility revolving credit line.  The highest amount outstanding during the first nine months of 2016 was $175.0 million for the period of February 8, 2016 to March 8, 2016.  At September 30, 2016, the Group Credit Facility had no outstanding letters of credit under tranche one and $452.9 million outstanding letters of credit under tranche two.  At December 31, 2015, the Group Credit Facility had no outstanding letters of credit under tranche one and $449.7 million outstanding letters of credit under tranche two.

Effective November 9, 2015, Everest International entered into a four year,  175,000 thousand credit facility with Lloyd's of London Bank ("Everest International Credit Facility").   The Everest International Credit Facility provides up to  175,000 thousand for the issuance of standby letters of credit on a collateralized basis.  The Company pays a commitment fee of 0.1% per annum on the average daily amount of the remainder of (1) the aggregate amount available under the facility and (2) the aggregate amount of drawings outstanding under the facility.  The Company pays a credit commission fee of 0.35% per annum on drawings outstanding under the facility.

The Everest International Credit Facility requires Group to maintain a debt to capital ratio of not greater than 0.35 to 1 and to maintain a minimum net worth.  Minimum net worth is an amount equal to the sum of $5,215.8 million (70% of consolidated net worth as of December 31, 2014), plus 25% of consolidated net income for each of Group's fiscal quarters, for which statements are available ending on or after January 1, 2015 and for which net income is positive, plus 25% of any increase in consolidated net worth of Group during such period attributable to the issuance of ordinary and preferred shares, which at September 30, 2016, was $5,631.1 million.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all Everest International Credit Facility requirements.

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Everest International Credit Facility had  165.0 million outstanding letters of credit.

Costs incurred in connection with the Group Credit Facility and Everest International Credit Facility were $0.03 million and $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Costs incurred in connection with the Group Credit Facility and Everest International Credit Facility were $0.6 million and $0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Market Sensitive Instruments.

The SEC's Financial Reporting Release #48 requires registrants to clarify and expand upon the existing financial statement disclosure requirements for derivative financial instruments, derivative commodity instruments and other financial instruments (collectively, "market sensitive instruments").  We do not generally enter into market sensitive instruments for trading purposes.

Our current investment strategy seeks to maximize after-tax income through a high quality, diversified, taxable and tax-preferenced fixed maturity portfolio, while maintaining an adequate level of liquidity.  Our mix of taxable and tax-preferenced investments is adjusted periodically, consistent with our current and projected operating results, market conditions and our tax position.  The fixed maturity securities in the investment portfolio are comprised of non-trading available for sale securities.  Additionally, we have invested in equity securities.

The overall investment strategy considers the scope of present and anticipated Company operations.  In particular, estimates of the financial impact resulting from non-investment asset and liability transactions, together with our capital structure and other factors, are used to develop a net liability analysis.  This analysis includes estimated payout characteristics for which our investments provide liquidity.  This analysis is considered in the development of specific investment strategies for asset allocation, duration and credit quality.  The change in overall market sensitive risk exposure principally reflects the asset changes that took place during the period.

55 

Interest Rate Risk.    Our $17.5 billion investment portfolio, at September 30, 2016, is principally comprised of fixed maturity securities, which are generally subject to interest rate risk and some foreign currency exchange rate risk, and some equity securities, which are subject to price fluctuations and some foreign exchange rate risk.  The overall economic impact of the foreign exchange risks on the investment portfolio is partially mitigated by changes in the dollar value of foreign currency denominated liabilities and their associated income statement impact.

Interest rate risk is the potential change in value of the fixed maturity securities portfolio, including short-term investments, from a change in market interest rates.  In a declining interest rate environment, it includes prepayment risk on the $2,798.0 million of mortgage-backed securities in the $14,270.1 million fixed maturity portfolio.  Prepayment risk results from potential accelerated principal payments that shorten the average life and thus the expected yield of the security.

The table below displays the potential impact of market value fluctuations and after-tax unrealized appreciation on our fixed maturity portfolio (including $314.5 million of short-term investments) for the period indicated based on upward and downward parallel and immediate 100 and 200 basis point shifts in interest rates.  For legal entities with a U.S. dollar functional currency, this modeling was performed on each security individually. To generate appropriate price estimates on mortgage-backed securities, changes in prepayment expectations under different interest rate environments were taken into account.  For legal entities with a non-U.S. dollar functional currency, the effective duration of the involved portfolio of securities was used as a proxy for the market value change under the various interest rate change scenarios.

We had $10,375.5 million and $9,951.8 million of gross reserves for losses and LAE as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  These amounts are recorded at their nominal value, as opposed to present value, which would reflect a discount adjustment to reflect the time value of money.  Since losses are paid out over a period of time, the present value of the reserves is less than the nominal value.  As interest rates rise, the present value of the reserves decreases and, conversely, as interest rates decline, the present value increases.  These movements are the opposite of the interest rate impacts on the fair value of investments.  While the difference between present value and nominal value is not reflected in our financial statements, our financial results will include investment income over time from the investment portfolio until the claims are paid.  Our loss and loss reserve obligations have an expected duration of approximately 4.2 years, which is reasonably consistent with our fixed income portfolio.  If we were to discount our loss and LAE reserves, net of ceded reserves, the discount would be approximately $1.2 billion resulting in a discounted reserve balance of approximately $8.2 billion, representing approximately 56.2% of the value of the fixed maturity investment portfolio funds.

Equity Risk.    Equity risk is the potential change in fair and/or market value of the common stock, preferred stock and mutual fund portfolios arising from changing prices.  Our equity investments consist of a diversified portfolio of individual securities and mutual funds, which invest principally in high quality common and preferred stocks that are traded on the major exchanges, and mutual fund investments in emerging market debt.  The primary objective of the equity portfolio is to obtain greater total return relative to our core bonds over time through market appreciation and income.

56 

The table below displays the impact on fair/market value and after-tax change in fair/market value of a 10% and 20% change in equity prices up and down for the period indicated.

Foreign Currency Risk.    Foreign currency risk is the potential change in value, income and cash flow arising from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  Each of our non-U.S./Bermuda ("foreign") operations maintains capital in the currency of the country of its geographic location consistent with local regulatory guidelines.  Each foreign operation may conduct business in its local currency, as well as the currency of other countries in which it operates.  The primary foreign currency exposures for these foreign operations are the Canadian Dollar, the Singapore Dollar, the British Pound Sterling and the Euro.  We mitigate foreign exchange exposure by generally matching the currency and duration of our assets to our corresponding operating liabilities.  In accordance with FASB guidance, the impact on the market value of available for sale fixed maturities due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, in relation to functional currency, is reflected as part of other comprehensive income.  Conversely, the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, in relation to functional currency, on other assets and liabilities is reflected through net income as a component of other income (expense).  In addition, we translate the assets, liabilities and income of non-U.S. dollar functional currency legal entities to the U.S. dollar.  This translation amount is reported as a component of other comprehensive income.

In June 2016, the United Kingdom approved a referendum to exit the European Union (commonly referred to as "Brexit") which resulted in volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rates, and has increased political, economic and global market uncertainty.  The formal process for the United Kingdom to exit the European Union would ultimately be triggered by the filing of a notice to withdraw and thereafter negotiations would occur as to the timing and terms of such an exit.   The Company has a Lloyd's of London syndicate and Bermuda Re has a branch operation in the United Kingdom.  The nature and extent of the impact of Brexit on regulation, interest rates, currency exchange rates and financial markets is still uncertain and may adversely affect our operations.

Safe Harbor Disclosure.

This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws.  We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements in the federal securities laws.  In some cases, these statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as "may", "will", "should", "could", "anticipate", "estimate", "expect", "plan", "believe", "predict", "potential" and "intend".  Forward-looking statements contained in this report include information regarding our reserves for losses and LAE, the adequacy of capital in relation to regulatory required capital, the adequacy of our provision for uncollectible balances, estimates of our catastrophe exposure, the effects of catastrophic events on our financial statements, the ability of Everest Re, Holdings, Holdings Ireland and Bermuda Re to pay dividends and the settlement costs of our specialized equity index put option contracts.  Forward-looking statements only reflect our expectations and are not guarantees of performance.  These statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.  Actual events or results may differ materially from our expectations.  Important factors that could cause our actual events or results to be materially different from our expectations include those discussed under the caption ITEM 1A, "Risk Factors".  We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

57 

ITEM 3.                      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Market Risk Instruments.   See "Liquidity and Capital Resources - Market Sensitive Instruments" in PART I   ITEM 2.

ITEM 4.                      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")).  Based on their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.  Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, also conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the quarter covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  Based on that evaluation, there has been no such change during the quarter covered by this report.

PART II

ITEM 1.                      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in lawsuits, arbitrations and other formal and informal dispute resolution procedures, the outcomes of which will determine the Company's rights and obligations under insurance and reinsurance agreements.  In some disputes, the Company seeks to enforce its rights under an agreement or to collect funds owing to it.  In other matters, the Company is resisting attempts by others to collect funds or enforce alleged rights.  These disputes arise from time to time and are ultimately resolved through both informal and formal means, including negotiated resolution, arbitration and litigation.  In all such matters, the Company believes that its positions are legally and commercially reasonable.  The Company considers the statuses of these proceedings when determining its reserves for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses.

Aside from litigation and arbitrations related to these insurance and reinsurance agreements, the Company is not a party to any other material litigation or arbitration.

ITEM 1A.                              RISK FACTORS 

No material changes.

58 

ITEM 2.                      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

(1)        On September 21, 2004, the Company's board of directors approved an amended share repurchase program authorizing the Company and/or its subsidiary Holdings to purchase up to an aggregate of 5,000,000 of the Company's common shares through open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or both.  On July 21, 2008; February 24, 2010; February 22, 2012; May 15, 2013; and November 19, 2014, the Company's executive committee of the Board of Directors has approved subsequent amendments to the share repurchase program authorizing the Company and/or its subsidiary Holdings, to purchase up to a current aggregate of 30,000,000 of the Company's shares (recognizing that the number of shares authorized for repurchase has been reduced by those shares that have already been purchased) in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or both.  Through November 1, 2016, the Company purchased an additional 36,756 shares for $7.1 million under the share repurchase program. 

ITEM 3.                      DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None.

ITEM 4.                      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable.

ITEM 5  .                      OTHER INFORMATION 

None.

59 

ITEM 6.                      EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Index:

Exhibit No. 

Description 

31.1

Section 302 Certification of Dominic J. Addesso

31.2

Section 302 Certification of Craig Howie

32.1

Section 906 Certification of Dominic J. Addesso and Craig Howie

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema

101.CAL

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

101.DEF

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase

101.LAB

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase

101.PRE

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase

60 

Everest Re Group, Ltd.

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Everest Re Group, Ltd.

(Registrant)

/S/ CRAIG HOWIE

Craig Howie

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

(Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer)

Dated:  November 9, 2016

<EX-31.1>
 2
 addessoexhibit31-1.htm
 EVEREST RE GROUP EXHIBIT 31-1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATIONS

I, Dominic J. Addesso, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Everest Re Group, Ltd;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)and 15d-15(f)) or the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

November 9, 2016

/S/ DOMINIC J. ADDESSO

Dominic J. Addesso

President and

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 howieexhibit31-2.htm
 EVEREST RE GROUP EXHIBIT 31-2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATIONS

I, Craig Howie, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Everest Re Group, Ltd;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)and 15d-15(f)) or the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

November 9, 2016

/S/ CRAIG HOWIE

Craig Howie

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EVEREST RE GROUP EXHIBIT 32-1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Everest Re Group, Ltd., a company organized under the laws of Bermuda (the "Company"), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), the undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as enacted by section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

November 9, 2016

/S/ DOMINIC J. ADDESSO

Dominic J. Addesso

President and

Chief Executive Officer

/S/ CRAIG HOWIE

Craig Howie

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.1>

10-Q
 5
 group10q3q2016.pdf
 EVEREST RE GROUP 10-Q 3Q2016 PDF VERSION

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 re-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 re-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 re-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 re-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 re-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 re-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

