<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_728391_0000728391-16-000073_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4159148</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>110823</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>271848</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1234961</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1742346</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>724492</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>15</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000728391-16-000073.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103174826
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000728391-16-000073
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000728391
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				351575582
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08644
		FILM NUMBER:		161973029

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MONUMENT CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1595
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3172618261

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MONUMENT CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 1595
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46204

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IPALCO ENTERPRISES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000728391-16-000073.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 ipalco10q20160930q3.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
  (Mark One) 
        QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended     September 30, 2016 
    
  or 
        TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  Commission file number     1-8644    
  IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes       No     
  (The registrant is a voluntary filer. The registrant has filed all applicable reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months.) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No   
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                 Large accelerated filer        
    Accelerated filer          
      Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)     
    Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No     
  At November 3, 2016, 108,907,318 shares of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. common stock were outstanding, of which 89,685,177 shares were owned by AES U.S. Investments, Inc. and 19,222,141 shares were owned by CDP Infrastructure Fund GP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of La Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec. 
    
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
    
  None. 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 
  QUARTERLY     REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  
  For     Quarter     Ended     September 30, 2016 
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                   Item No. 
      
    Page No. 

DEFINED TERMS 
    3 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    5 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
      
      1. 
    Financial Statements 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months and Nine Months 

ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    7 
        
    Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 
    8 
        
    Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months ended 

September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    9 
        
    Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
    10 
      2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    22 
      3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
    31 
      4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
    31 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
      
      1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
    32 
      1A. 
    Risk Factors 
    32 
      2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    32 
      3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    32 
      4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
    32 
      5. 
    Other Information 
    32 
      6. 
    Exhibits 
    33 

SIGNATURES 
    34 

2 

DEFINED TERMS 
      The following is a list of frequently used abbreviations or acronyms that are found in this Form 10-Q: 

2015 Form 10-K 
    IPALCO s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as amended 
      2016 IPALCO Notes 
    $400 million of 7.25% Senior Secured Notes due April 1, 2016 
      2018 IPALCO Notes 
    $400 million of 5.00% Senior Secured Notes due May 1, 2018 
      2020 IPALCO Notes 
    $405 million of 3.45% Senior Secured Notes due July 15, 2020 
      AES 
    The AES Corporation 
      AES U.S. Investments 
    AES U.S. Investments, Inc. 
      ARO 
    Asset Retirement Obligations 
      ASC 
    Accounting Standards Codification 
      ASU 
    Accounting Standards Update 
      CAA 
    U.S. Clean Air Act 
      CCGT 
    Combined Cycle Gas Turbine 
      CCR 
    Coal Combustion Residuals 
      CDPQ 
    CDP Infrastructure Fund GP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of La Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec 
      Credit Agreement 
    $250 million Revolving Credit Facilities Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Indianapolis Power   Light Company, the Lenders Party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Sole Bookrunner and Sole Lead Arranger, Fifth Third Bank, as Syndication Agent and BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Documentation Agent, Dated as of May 6, 2014, and as Amended under the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, Dated as of October 16, 2015. 
      CPCN 
    Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity 
      CSAPR 
    Cross-State Air Pollution Rule 
      CWA 
    U.S. Clean Water Act 
      Defined Benefit Pension Plan 
    Employees  Retirement Plan of Indianapolis Power   Light Company 
      DSM 
    Demand Side Management 
      EPA 
    U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
      ERISA 
    Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
      FAC 
    Fuel Adjustment Clause 
      FERC 
    Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
      FGD 
    Flue-Gas Desulfurization 
      Financial Statements 
    Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of IPALCO     in    Item 1. Financial Statements    included in Part I   Financial Information of this Form 10-Q 
      FTRs 
    Financial Transmission Rights 
      GAAP 
    Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States 
      IDEM 
    Indiana Department of Environmental Management 
      IPALCO 
    IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. 
      IPL 
    Indianapolis Power   Light Company 
      IURC 
    Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission 
      kWh 
    Kilowatt hours 
      MATS 
    Mercury and Air Toxics Standards 
      MISO 
    Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. 
      MW 
    Megawatts 
      NAAQS 
    National Ambient Air Quality Standards 
      NOV 
    Notice of Violation 
      NO  x 
    Nitrogen Oxides 
      NPDES 
    National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System 
      Pension Plans 
    Employees  Retirement Plan of Indianapolis Power   Light Company and Supplemental Retirement Plan of Indianapolis Power   Light Company 
      PSD 
    Prevention of Significant Deterioration 

3 

SEC 
    Securities and Exchange Commission 
      Service Company 
    AES U.S. Services, LLC 
      SO  2 
    Sulfur Dioxides 
      Subscription Agreement 
    Subscription Agreement dated as of December 14, 2014, by and between IPALCO and CDPQ  
      U.S. 
    United States of America 
      U.S. SBU 
    AES U.S. Strategic Business Unit 
      VIE 
    Variable Interest Entity 

4 

Throughout this document, the terms      the Company,           we,           us,      and      our      refer to IPALCO and its consolidated subsidiaries.  
    
  FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes    forward-looking statements    within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including, in particular, the statements about our plans, strategies and prospects under the heading    Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    in Part I   Financial Information of this Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements express an expectation or belief and contain a projection, plan or assumption with regard to, among other things, our future revenues, income, expenses or capital structure. Such statements of future events or performance are not guarantees of future performance and involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties. The words  could,   may,   predict,   anticipate,   would,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   forecast,   project,   objective,   intend,   continue,   should,   plan,  and similar expressions, or the negatives thereof, are intended to identify forward-looking statements unless the context requires otherwise. 
    
  Some important factors that could cause our actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

fluctuations in customer growth and demand; 
                
    impacts of weather on retail sales and wholesale prices; 
                
    impacts of renewable energy generation, natural gas prices and other market factors on wholesale prices; 
                
    weather-related damage to our electrical system; 
                
    fuel, commodity and other input costs; 
                
    performance of our suppliers; 
                
    generating unit availability and capacity; 
                
    transmission and distribution system reliability and capacity, including natural gas pipeline system and supply constraints; 
                
    purchased power costs and availability; 
                
    availability and price of capacity; 
                
    regulatory action, including, but not limited to, the review of our basic rates and charges by the IURC; 
                
    federal and state legislation and regulations; 
                
    changes in our credit ratings or the credit ratings of AES;   
                
    fluctuations in the value of pension plan assets, fluctuations in pension plan expenses and our ability to fund defined benefit pension plans; 
                
    changes in financial or regulatory accounting policies; 
                
    environmental matters, including costs of compliance with current and future environmental laws and requirements; 
                
    interest rates, inflation rates and other costs of capital; 
                
    the availability of capital; 
                
    the ability of subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions to IPALCO; 
                
    level of creditworthiness of counterparties to contracts and transactions; 
                
    labor strikes or other workforce factors, including the ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
                
    facility or equipment maintenance, repairs and capital expenditures; 
                
    significant delays or unanticipated cost increases associated with large construction projects; 
                
    the availability and cost of funds to finance working capital and capital needs, particularly during periods when the time lag between incurring costs and recovery is long and the costs are material; 
                
    local economic conditions; 
                
    catastrophic events such as fires, explosions, cyber-attacks, terrorist acts, acts of war, pandemic events, or natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, severe winds, ice or snow storms, droughts, or other similar occurrences; 
                
    costs and effects of legal and administrative proceedings, audits, settlements, investigations and claims and the ultimate disposition of litigation; 
                
    industry restructuring, deregulation and competition; 
                
    issues related to our participation in MISO, including the cost associated with membership, allocation of costs, costs associated with transmission expansion, the recovery of costs incurred, and the risk of default of other MISO participants; 
                
    changes in tax laws and the effects of our strategies to reduce tax payments; 
                
    the use of derivative contracts; and 
                
    product development, technology changes, and changes in prices of products and technologies. 

5 

All such factors are difficult to predict, contain uncertainties that may materially affect actual results, and many are beyond our control.  See    Item 1A. Risk Factors    and    Item 7. Management     s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    as described in IPALCO s 2015 Form 10-K and    Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    in Part I   Financial Information of this Form 10-Q for a more detailed discussion of the foregoing and certain other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such forward-looking statements. Except as required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. If one or more forward-looking statements are updated, no inference should be drawn that additional updates will be made with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 

6 

PART I       FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

7 

8 

9 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
  Notes to     Unaudited     Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. OVERVIEW AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  IPALCO is a holding company incorporated under the laws of the state of Indiana. IPALCO, acquired by AES in March 2001, is owned by AES U.S. Investments (  82.35%  ) and CDPQ (  17.65%  ). AES U.S. Investments is owned by AES U.S. Holdings, LLC (  85%  ) and CDPQ (  15%  ). IPALCO owns all of the outstanding common stock of IPL. Substantially all of IPALCO s business consists of generating, transmitting, distributing and selling of electric energy conducted through its principal subsidiary, IPL. IPL was incorporated under the laws of the state of Indiana in 1926. IPL has more than   480,000   retail customers in the city of Indianapolis and neighboring cities, towns and communities, and adjacent rural areas all within the state of Indiana, with the most distant point being approximately   forty   miles from Indianapolis. IPL has an exclusive right to provide electric service to those customers. IPL owns and operates   four   generating stations all within the state of Indiana. Our largest generating station, Petersburg, is coal-fired. The second largest station, Harding Street, has converted its coal-fired units to natural gas and uses natural gas and fuel oil to power combustion turbines. The third station, Eagle Valley, retired its coal-fired units in April 2016 and the CCGT at Eagle Valley is expected to be placed into service in the first half of 2017. The fourth station, Georgetown, is a small peaking station that uses natural gas to power combustion turbines. As of September 30, 2016, IPL s net electric generation capacity for winter is   2,993   MW and net summer capacity is   2,878   MW. 
    
  Principles of Consolidation 
    
  The accompanying Financial Statements include the accounts of IPALCO, IPL and Mid-America Capital Resources, Inc., a non-regulated wholly-owned subsidiary of IPALCO. All significant intercompany amounts have been eliminated. The accompanying Financial Statements are unaudited; however, they have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for interim financial information and in conjunction with the rules and regulations of the SEC. Accordingly, they do not include all of the disclosures required by GAAP for annual fiscal reporting periods. In the opinion of management, all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for fair presentation have been included. The electric utility business is affected by seasonal weather patterns throughout the year and, therefore, the operating revenues and associated operating expenses are not generated evenly by month during the year. These unaudited Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the accounting policies described in the audited financial statements filed as Exhibit 99.1 to IPALCO s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 12, 2016, and should be read in conjunction therewith. 
    
  Use of Management Estimates 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period may also be affected by the estimates and assumptions that management is required to make. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 
    
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  The following table provides a brief description of recent accounting pronouncements that had and/or could have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Accounting pronouncements not listed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have no material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
                     New Accounting Standards Adopted 
      ASU Number and Name 
    Description 
    Date of Adoption 
    Effect on the financial statements upon adoption 
      2015-03, 2015-15, Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) 
    These standards simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring that debt issuance costs related to a tranche of debt be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt, consistent with debt discounts. Debt issuance costs related to a line-of-credit can still be presented as an asset and subsequently amortized over the term of the line-of-credit, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the standard. Transition method: retrospective. 
    January 1, 2016 
    Deferred financing costs of approximately $20.8 million previously classified within Deferred Debits were reclassified to reduce the related debt liabilities as of December 31, 2015. 

10 

2015-02, Consolidation - Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis (Topic 810) 
    The standard makes targeted amendments to the current consolidation guidance and ends the deferral granted to investment companies from applying the VIE guidance. The standard amends the evaluation of whether (1) fees paid to a decision-maker or service providers represent a variable interest, (2) a limited partnership or similar entity has the characteristics of a VIE and (3) a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. Transition method: retrospective. 
    January 1, 2016 
    There were no changes to the consolidation conclusions. 
      New Accounting Standards Issued But Not Yet Effective 
      ASU Number and Name 
    Description 
    Date of Adoption 
    Effect on the financial statements upon adoption 
      2016-17, Consolidation (Topic 810): Interest Held Through Related Parties that are Under Common Control 
    This standard amends the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a VIE by amending how a reporting entity, that is a single decision maker of a VIE, treats indirect interests in that entity held through related parties that are under common control. Transition method: retrospectively. 
    January 1, 2017 Early adoption is permitted. 
    The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
      2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory 
    This standard requires that an entity recognizes the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. Transition method: modified retrospective method. 
    January 1, 2018 Early adoption is permitted. 
    The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
      2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force) 
    This standard provides specific guidance on how certain cash transactions are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. Transition method: various. 
    January 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. 
    The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard, but does not anticipate a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
      2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments 
    
    This standard updates the impairment model for financial assets measured at amortized cost to an expected loss model rather than an incurred loss model. It also allows for the presentation of credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities as an allowance rather than a write down. Transition method: various. 

January 1, 2020 Early adoption is permitted only as of January 1, 2019. 
    The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
      2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting 
    The standard simplifies the following aspects of accounting for share-based payment awards: accounting for income taxes, classification of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows, forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification of employee taxes paid on statement of cash flows when an employer withholds shares for tax-withholding purposes. Transition method: Various. 
    January 1, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. 
    The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard on its consolidated financial statements.  
      2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) 
    The standard creates Topic 842, Leases, which supersedes Topic 840, Leases. It introduces a lessee model that brings substantially all leases onto the balance sheet while retaining most of the principles of the existing lessor model in U.S. GAAP and aligning many of those principles with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Transition method: modified retrospective approach with certain practical expedients. 
    January 1, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. 
    The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
      2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory 
    The standard replaces the current lower of cost or market test with a lower of cost or net realizable value test. Transition method: prospectively. 
    January 1, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. 
    The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
      2014-09, 2015-14, 2016-08, 
  2016-10, 2016-12 
  Revenue from Contracts 
  with Customers (Topic 
  606) 

The Revenue from Contracts with Customers standard provides 
  a single and comprehensive revenue recognition model for all 
  contracts with customers to improve comparability. The 
  standard contains principles to determine the measurement and 
  timing of revenue recognition. The standard requires an entity 
  to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services 
  to customers at an amount that the entity expects to be entitled 
  to in exchange for those goods or services. The amendments to 
  the standard provide further clarification on contract revenue 
  recognition specifically related to the implementation of the 
  principal versus agent evaluation, the identification of 
  performance obligations, clarification on accounting for licenses 
  of intellectual property, and allows for the election to account for 
  shipping and handling activities performed after control of a 
  good has been transferred to the customer as a fulfillment cost. 
  Transition method: a full retrospective or modified retrospective 
  approach. 

January 1, 2018. Early application is permitted only as of January 1, 2017. 
    The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

11 

2. REGULATORY MATTERS 
    
  In March 2016, the IURC issued an order authorizing IPL to increase its basic rates and charges by   $30.8 million   annually. The order also authorized IPL to collect, over a ten year period,   $117.7 million   of previously deferred regulatory assets related to IPL s participation in the regional transmission organization known as MISO. Such deferred costs will be amortized to expense over ten years. Accordingly,   $11.8 million   of IPL s long-term MISO regulatory asset as of December 31, 2015 has been reclassified to current regulatory assets on the accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The rate order also authorized an increase in IPL s depreciation rates of   $24.3 million   annually compared to the twelve months ended June 30, 2014, which is the period upon which the rate increase was calculated. IPL also received approval to implement three new rate riders for current recovery from customers of ongoing MISO costs, capacity costs and sharing at   50%   of wholesale sales margins with customers. The order approved recovery of IPL s pension expenses and a return on IPL s discretionary pension fundings. While the IURC noted in the order that they found IPL s Service Company cost allocations to be reasonable, IPL was directed to request the FERC to review its Service Company allocations. Such review is currently underway. The IURC also closed their investigation into IPL s underground network.  
    
  Some of the intervening parties in the IURC rate case filed petitions for reconsideration of the IURC s March 2016 order with respect to certain issues. These petitions were subsequently denied by the IURC. In addition, certain intervening parties have filed notices of appeal of the order. 
    
  As described in IPALCO s 2015 Form 10-K, in May 2014, IPL received an order from the IURC granting approval to build a   644   to   685   MW CCGT at Eagle Valley. The costs to build and operate the CCGT, other than fuel costs, will not be recoverable by IPL through rates until the conclusion of a base rate case proceeding with the IURC after the assets have been placed in service. The CCGT is expected to be placed into service in the first half of 2017. IPL intends to file its next base rate case proceeding in the near future. 

12 

The amounts of regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are as follows:   

           (1) 
    Recovered (credited) per specific rate orders 
              (2) 
    IPL receives a return on its discretionary funding 
              (3) 
    The majority of these costs are being recovered per specific rate order; for the remaining costs recovery is probable but timing not yet determined 
              (4) 
    Recovered with a current return 
              (5) 
    A portion of this amount will be recovered over the next two years 

13 

3. FAIR VALUE 
    
  Fair Value Hierarchy 
    
  ASC 820 defined and established a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements for financial assets and liabilities that are adjusted to fair value on a recurring basis and/or financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, which have been adjusted to fair value during the period. In accordance with ASC 820, we have categorized our financial assets and liabilities that are adjusted to fair value, based on the priority of the inputs to the valuation technique, following the three-level fair value hierarchy prescribed by ASC 820 as follows: 
    
  Level 1 - unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in an active market;  
    
  Level 2 - inputs from quoted prices in markets where trading occurs infrequently or quoted prices of instruments with similar attributes in active markets; and  
    
  Level 3 - unobservable inputs reflecting management s own assumptions about the inputs used in pricing the asset or liability. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , all of IPALCO s financial assets or liabilities adjusted to fair value on a recurring basis (excluding pension assets   see Note 7,    Benefit Plans   ) were considered Level 3, based on the above fair value hierarchy. These primarily consisted of FTRs, which are used to offset MISO congestion charges. Because the benefit associated with FTRs is a flow-through to IPL s jurisdictional customers, IPL records a regulatory liability matching the value of the FTRs. In addition, IPALCO had one financial asset, a nonutility investment accounted for using the cost method of accounting, which is measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, again using Level 3 measurements. No adjustments were made to this asset during the periods covered by this report. All of these financial assets and liabilities were not material to the Financial Statements in the periods covered by this report, individually or in the aggregate. 
    
  Whenever possible, quoted prices in active markets are used to determine the fair value of our financial instruments. Our financial instruments are not held for trading or other speculative purposes. The estimated fair value of financial instruments has been determined by using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that we could realize in a current market exchange. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 
    
  Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
    
  ASC 410    Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations    addresses financial accounting and reporting for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development and/or normal operation. A legal obligation for purposes of ASC 410 is an obligation that a party is required to settle as a result of an existing law, statute, ordinance, written or oral contract or the doctrine of promissory estoppel. IPL s ARO liabilities relate primarily to environmental issues involving asbestos-containing materials, ash ponds, landfills and miscellaneous contaminants associated with its generating plants, transmission system and distribution system. We use the cost approach to determine the fair value of IPL s ARO liabilities, which is estimated by discounting expected cash outflows to their present value at the initial recording of the liabilities. Cash outflows are based on the approximate future disposal costs as determined by market information, historical information or other management estimates. These inputs to the fair value of the ARO liabilities would be considered Level 3 inputs under the fair value hierarchy. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , ARO liabilities were   $58.6 million   and   $59.0 million  , respectively.  
    
  Financial Instruments not Measured at Fair Value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
    
  Debt 
    
  The fair value of our outstanding fixed-rate debt has been determined on the basis of the quoted market prices of the specific securities issued and outstanding. In certain circumstances, the market for such securities was inactive and, therefore, the valuation was adjusted to consider changes in market spreads for similar securities. Accordingly, the purpose of this disclosure is not to approximate the value on the basis of how the debt might be refinanced. 

14 

The following table shows the face value and the fair value of fixed-rate and variable-rate indebtedness (Level 2) for the periods ending:   

The difference between the face value and the carrying value of this indebtedness represents the following: 

4. EQUITY 
    
  On February 11, 2015, IPALCO issued and sold   100   shares of IPALCO s common stock to CDPQ under the Subscription Agreement. On April 1, 2015, IPALCO issued and sold   11,818,828   shares of IPALCO s common stock to CDPQ for   $214.4 million   under the Subscription Agreement. On March 1, 2016, IPALCO issued and sold   7,403,213   shares of IPALCO s common stock to CDPQ for   $134.3 million   under the Subscription Agreement. After completion of these transactions, CDPQ s direct and indirect interest in IPALCO is   30%  . On June 1, 2016, IPALCO received equity capital contributions of (i)   $64.8 million   from AES U.S. Investments and (ii)   $13.9 million   from CDPQ. IPALCO then made the same investments in IPL. The proceeds were primarily used for funding needs related to IPL s environmental and replacement generation projects. The capital contributions on June 1, 2016 were made on a proportional share basis and, therefore, did not change CDPQ s or AES  ownership interests in IPALCO. 
  
   15 

5. DEBT 
    
  Long-Term Debt 
    
  The following table presents our long-term debt: 

(1) 
    First mortgage bonds are issued to the city of Petersburg, Indiana, to secure the loan of proceeds from tax-exempt bonds issued by the city. 
              (2) 
    First mortgage bonds are issued to the Indiana Finance Authority, to secure the loan of proceeds from tax-exempt bonds issued by the Indiana Finance Authority. 
              (3) 
    The Company adopted ASU No. 2015-03 on January 1, 2016, which requires the use of the full retrospective approach with respect to the presentation of debt issuance costs, including deferred charges. 
              (4) 
    Unsecured notes are issued to the Indiana Finance Authority by IPL to facilitate the loan of proceeds from various tax-exempt notes issued by the Indiana Finance Authority. The notes have a final maturity date of December 2038, but are subject to a mandatory put in December 2020. 

16 

Significant Transactions 
    
  IPL First Mortgage Bonds 
    
  In September 2015, IPL issued   $260 million   aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds,   4.70%   Series, due September 2045, pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. Net proceeds from this offering were approximately   $255.6 million  , after deducting the initial purchasers  discounts and fees and expenses for the offering. The net proceeds from the offering were used to finance a portion of IPL s construction program and capital costs related to environmental and replacement generation projects and for other general corporate purposes.   
    
  In May 2016, IPL issued   $350 million   aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds,   4.05%   Series, due May 2046, pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. Net proceeds from this offering were approximately   $343.6 million  , after deducting the initial purchasers  discounts and fees and expenses for the offering. The net proceeds from this offering were used to finance a portion of IPL s construction program and capital costs related to environmental and replacement generation projects, to repay outstanding borrowings under IPL s 364-day delayed-draw term loan and other short-term debt, and for other general corporate purposes.   
    
  IPL Unsecured Notes 
    
  In May 2016, IPL repaid   $91.85 million   in outstanding borrowings under its   364  -day delayed-draw term loan with a portion of the proceeds from its   $350 million   aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds as described above in         IPL First Mortgage Bonds  .    
    
  IPALCO     s Senior Secured Notes 
    
  In June 2015, IPALCO completed the sale of the 2020 IPALCO Notes pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2020 IPALCO Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture dated June 25, 2015, by and between IPALCO and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee. The 2020 IPALCO Notes were priced to the public at   99.929%   of the principal amount. Net proceeds to IPALCO were approximately   $399.5 million   after deducting underwriting costs and estimated offering expenses. These costs are being amortized to the maturity date using the effective interest method. We used the net proceeds from this offering to fund the purchase of the 2016 IPALCO Notes validly tendered and to pay for a related consent solicitation, to redeem any 2016 IPALCO Notes that remained outstanding after the completion of the tender, and to pay certain related fees, expenses and make-whole premiums. Of the 2016 IPALCO Notes outstanding,   $366.5 million   were tendered in June 2015. The remainder,   $33.5 million  , was redeemed in July 2015. An early tender premium was paid related to the tender offer and a redemption premium was paid related to the redemption of the 2016 IPALCO Notes. A loss on early extinguishment of debt of   $22.1 million   for the 2016 IPALCO Notes is included as a separate line item within    Other Income and (Deductions)    in the accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
    
  The 2020 IPALCO Notes are secured by IPALCO s pledge of all of the outstanding common stock of IPL. The lien on the pledged shares is shared equally and ratably with IPALCO s existing senior secured notes. IPALCO has entered into a Pledge Agreement Supplement with the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Collateral Agent, dated June 25, 2015, to the Pledge Agreement between IPALCO and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., dated November 14, 2001, as supplemented by a Pledge Agreement Supplement dated April 15, 2008 and a Pledge Agreement Supplement dated May 18, 2011, each by IPALCO in favor of the Collateral Agent. IPALCO also agreed to register the 2020 IPALCO Notes under the Securities Act by filing an exchange offer registration statement or, under specified circumstances, a shelf registration statement with the SEC pursuant to a Registration Rights Agreement that IPALCO entered into with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC, as representatives of the initial purchasers of the 2020 IPALCO Notes. IPALCO filed its registration statement on Form S-4 with respect to the 2020 IPALCO Notes with the SEC on September 28, 2015, and this registration statement was declared effective on October 15, 2015. The exchange offer was completed on November 16, 2015. 
    
  Line of Credit 
    
  IPL entered into an amendment and restatement of its   5  -year   $250 million   revolving credit facility in May 2014, and a further amendment and extension of the credit facility on October 16, 2015 (the  Credit Agreement ) with a syndication of banks. This Credit Agreement is an unsecured committed line of credit to be used: (i) to finance capital expenditures; (ii) to refinance indebtedness under the existing credit agreement; (iii) to support working capital; and (iv) for general corporate purposes. This agreement matures on   October 16, 2020  , and bears interest at variable rates as described in the Credit Agreement. It includes an uncommitted   $150 million   accordion feature to provide IPL with an option to request an increase in the size of the facility at any time prior to October 16, 2019, subject to approval by the lenders. Prior to execution, IPL and IPALCO had existing  
  
   17 

general banking relationships with the parties in this agreement. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , IPL had   $25.0 million   and   $75.0 million   in outstanding borrowings on the committed line of credit, respectively.    

6. INCOME TAXES 
    
  IPALCO s effective combined state and federal income tax rates were   35.0%   and   33.9%   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to   36.3%   and   36.0%   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rates versus the comparable periods was primarily the result of an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction in 2016 and the manufacturer s production deduction (Internal Revenue Code Section 199) that had been previously disallowed due to a Net Operating Loss carryover. 

18 

7. BENEFIT PLANS 
    
  The following table (in thousands) presents information for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , relating to the Pension Plans: 

(1) 
    Amounts that would otherwise be charged/credited to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or Loss upon application of ASC 715,  Compensation   Retirement Benefits,  are recorded as a regulatory asset or liability because IPL has historically recovered and currently recovers pension and other postretirement benefit expenses in rates. These are unrecognized amounts yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit costs. 

19 

Pension Expense 
    
  The following table presents net periodic benefit cost information relating to the Pension Plans combined: 

In addition, IPL provides postretirement health care benefits to certain active or retired employees and the spouses of certain active or retired employees. These postretirement health care benefits and the related unfunded obligation were   $4.8 million   and   $4.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The related expense was not material to the Financial Statements in the periods covered by this report. 

8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  Legal Loss Contingencies 
    
  IPALCO and IPL are involved in litigation arising in the normal course of business. While the results of such litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the final outcome will not have a material adverse effect on IPALCO s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Amounts accrued or expensed for legal or environmental contingencies collectively during the periods covered by this report have not been material to the Financial Statements of IPALCO. 
    
  Environmental Loss Contingencies 
    
  We are subject to various federal, state, regional and local environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, the generation, storage, handling, use, disposal and transportation of hazardous materials; the emission and discharge of hazardous and other materials into the environment; and the health and safety of our employees. These laws and regulations often require a lengthy and complex process of obtaining and renewing permits and other governmental authorizations from federal, state and local agencies. Violation of these laws, regulations or permits can result in substantial fines, other sanctions, permit revocation and/or facility shutdowns. We cannot assure that we have been or will be at all times in full compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. 
    
  New Source Review and Other CAA NOVs 
    
  In October 2009, IPL received a NOV and Finding of Violation from the EPA pursuant to the CAA Section 113(a). The NOV alleges violations of the CAA at IPL s   three   primarily coal-fired electric generating facilities at the time, dating back to 1986.     The alleged violations primarily pertain to the PSD and nonattainment New Source Review requirements under the CAA. In addition, on October 1, 2015, IPL received a NOV from the EPA pursuant to CAA Section 113(a) alleging violations of the CAA, the Indiana SIP, and the Title V operating permit related to alleged particulate matter and opacity violations at IPL Petersburg Unit 3. Also, on February 5, 2016, EPA issued a NOV pursuant to CAA Section 113(a) alleging violations of New Source Review and other CAA regulations, the Indiana SIP, and the Title V operating permit at Petersburg Generating Station. Since receiving the letters, IPL management has met with the EPA staff regarding possible resolutions of the NOVs. Settlements and litigated outcomes of similar New Source Review cases have required companies to pay civil penalties, install additional pollution control technology on coal-fired electric generating units, retire existing generating units, and invest in additional environmental projects. A similar outcome in these cases could have a material impact on our business. It is too early to determin 
  
   20 

e whether these NOVs could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We would seek recovery of any operating or capital expenditures, but not fines or penalties, related to air pollution control technology to reduce regulated air emissions; however, there can be no assurances that we would be successful in this regard. IPL has recorded a contingent liability related to these New Source Review and other CAA NOV matters. 

9. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
    
  Service Company 
    
  Effective January 1, 2014, the Service Company began providing services including operations, accounting, legal, human resources, information technology and other corporate services on behalf of companies that are part of the U.S. SBU, including among other companies, IPALCO and IPL. The Service Company allocates the costs for these services based on cost drivers designed to result in fair and equitable allocations. This includes ensuring that the regulated utilities served, including IPL, are not subsidizing costs incurred for the benefit of non-regulated businesses. Total costs incurred by the Service Company on behalf of IPALCO were   $20.5 million   and   $18.3 million   during the nine-month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and were included in    Other operating expenses    on our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Total costs incurred by IPALCO on behalf of the Service Company were   $6.5 million   and   $5.6 million   during the nine-month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. IPALCO had a prepaid balance with the Service Company of   $4.4 million   and   $1.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  CDPQ   
    
  Please refer to Note 4,    Equity    for further details. 
    
  Other 
    
  In 2014, IPL engaged a third party vendor as part of its replacement generation construction projects. A member of the AES Board of Directors is also currently a member of the Supervisory Board of this vendor. IPL had billings from this vendor of   $190.0 million   and   $152.9 million   during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. IPL had a payable balance to this vendor of   $6.8 million   and   $34.0 million   as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

10. SEGMENT INFORMATION 
    
  Operating segments are components of an enterprise that engage in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, for which separate financial information is available, and is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in assessing performance and deciding how to allocate resources. Substantially all of our business consists of the generation, transmission, distribution and sale of electric energy conducted through IPL which is a vertically integrated electric utility. IPALCO s reportable business segment is its utility segment, with all other non-utility business activities aggregated separately. The non-utility category primarily includes the 2018 IPALCO Notes and the 2020 IPALCO Notes; approximately   $12.9 million   and   $1.7 million   of cash and cash equivalents, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively; long-term investments of   $5.2 million   at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ; and income taxes, deferred taxes, and interest related to those items. All other non-utility assets represented less than   1%   of IPALCO s total assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Net income for the utility segment was   $122.0 million   and   $80.2 million   for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and   $51.9 million   and   $35.2 million   for the three-month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The accounting policies of the identified segment are consistent with those policies and procedures described in the summary of significant accounting policies. Intersegment sales, if any, are generally based on prices that reflect the current market conditions. 

21 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and the notes thereto included in    Item 1. Financial Statements    included in Part I   Financial Information of this Form 10-Q. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from the results suggested by these forward-looking statements. Please see    Forward Looking Statements    at the beginning of this Form 10-Q. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  The electric utility business is affected by seasonal weather patterns throughout the year and, therefore, the operating revenues and associated expenses are not generated evenly by month during the year.  
    
  Comparison of     three months     ended     September 30, 2016     and     three months     ended     September     30, 2015 
    
  Utility Operating Revenues 
    
  Utility operating revenues during the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $34.8 million compared to the same period in 2015, which resulted from the following changes (dollars in thousands): 

The increase in retail revenues of $32.4 million was primarily due to a net increase of $24.9 million in the weighted average price per kWh sold and a $7.5 million increase in the volume of kWh sold. The $24.9 million increase in the weighted average price of retail kWh sold was primarily due to: (i) a $14.9 million increase in revenues related to environmental projects, primarily MATS; (ii) a $6.0 million increase in DSM program rate adjustment mechanism revenues; and (iii) the impacts of implementing the 2016 rate order along with other retail rate variances, partially offset by (iv) a $1.8 million decrease in fuel revenues. The $7.5 million increase in the volume of kWh sold was primarily due to warmer temperatures in our service territory during the third quarter of 2016 versus the comparable period (as demonstrated by the 34% increase in cooling degree days shown above).  
    
  The increase in wholesale revenues of $1.4 million was primarily due to a $0.8 million increase in the quantity of kWh sold and a $0.6 million increase in the weighted average price per kWh sold as IPL s generation units were called upon by MISO to produce electricity more often during the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015 largely due to favorable prices and unit availability. Our ability to be dispatched in the MISO market is primarily driven by the locational marginal price of electricity and variable generation costs. The amount of electricity available for wholesale sales is impacted by our retail load requirements, generation capacity and unit availabil 
  
   22 

ity. It is expected that wholesale revenues will increase beginning in 2017 when the Eagle Valley CCGT goes on-line. Currently, 50% of IPL s wholesale sales margins over an annual benchmark of $6.3 million are returned to our customers through a rate rider. 
    
  Utility Operating Expenses 
    
  The following table illustrates our primary operating expense changes from the three months ended September 30, 2015 to the three months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in millions): 

The increase in depreciation and amortization costs of $8.2 million was primarily due to a $6.2 million impact from the amortization of previously deferred environmental costs, as well as the deferral of less costs in the current year. The remaining $2.0 million increase was primarily due to additional assets placed in service and new depreciation and ARO rates implemented beginning in April 2016, partially offset by the impact of the retirements of coal assets at our Eagle Valley and Harding Street stations.  
    
  The $8.1 million increase in income taxes - net was primarily due to the tax effect of the increase in pretax net operating income.  
    
  The $6.9 million increase in purchased power costs was primarily due to a 23% increase in the volume of power purchased during the period ($6.8 million), partially offset by a 7% decrease in the market price of purchased power ($2.7 million). The volume of power we purchase each period is primarily influenced by our retail demand, generating unit capacity and outages, and the fact that at times it is less expensive for us to buy power in the market than to produce it ourselves. The market price of purchased power is influenced primarily by changes in the market price of delivered fuel (primarily natural gas), the price of environmental emissions allowances, the supply of and demand for electricity, and the time of day in which power is purchased. Additionally, MISO non-fuel market participation costs increased $2.8 million, which includes both current period costs and amortization of previously deferred costs, which were included in IPL s customer billing rates beginning April 1, 2016. Such costs were deferred as a regulatory asset prior to April 1, 2016 and are now being amortized to expense over a ten-year period.  
    
  The $5.2 million decrease in fuel costs was primarily due to a $14.8 million decrease in deferred fuel costs as the result of variances between estimated fuel and purchased power costs in our FAC and actual fuel and purchased power costs; partially offset by (i) an $8.3 million increase in the quantity of fuel consumed as the result of our generating units being called upon by MISO to produce electricity more often versus the comparable period, as described previously, and (ii) a $1.6 million increase due to the higher price of natural gas we consumed versus the comparable period. We are generally permitted to recover underestimated fuel and purchased power costs to serve our retail customers in future rates through quarterly FAC proceedings. These variances are deferred when incurred and amortized into expense in the same period that our rates are adjusted to reflect these variances. 
    
  MISO non-purchased power costs increased $4.0 million, which includes both current period costs and the amortization of previously deferred costs, which were included in IPL s customer billing rates beginning April 1, 2016. Such costs were deferred as a regulatory asset prior to April 1, 2016 and are now being amortized to expense over a ten-year period. 
    
  Other Income and Deductions 
    
  Other income and deductions increased $5.2 million, from income of $6.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, to income of $11.3 million for the same period in 2016. The increase was primarily due to (i) a $3.2 million increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction as a result of increased construction activity during 2016 and (ii) a $2.7  
  
   23 

million loss on early extinguishment of debt for the three months ended September 30, 2015 from the redemption of the remaining $33.5 million of 2016 IPALCO Notes that were tendered in July 2015. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the income tax benefit of $1.0 million, which was primarily due to the change in pretax nonoperating income during the comparable periods. 
    
  Interest and Other Charges 
    
  Interest and other charges increased $0.9 million, or 4%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to higher interest on long-term debt of $4.3 million mostly as a result of IPL s first mortgage bonds debt issuances of $350 million (4.05% Series, due May 2046) in May 2016 and $260 million (4.70% Series, due September 2045) in September 2015; partially offset by a $3.1 million increase in the allowance for borrowed funds used during construction as a result of increased construction activity.      
    
  Comparison of     nine months     ended     September 30, 2016     and     nine months     ended     September     30, 2015 
    
  Utility Operating Revenues 
    
  Utility operating revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $61.1 million compared to the same period in 2015, which resulted from the following changes (dollars in thousands): 

The increase in retail revenues of $66.1 million was primarily due to a net increase in the weighted average price per kWh sold ($70.6 million), partially offset by a 2% decrease in the volume of kWh sold ($8.3 million). The $70.6 million increase in the weighted average price of retail kWh sold was primarily due to: (i) a $50.0 million increase in revenues related to environmental projects, primarily MATS; (ii) DSM program rate adjustment mechanism revenues of $13.1 million; and (iii) the impact of implementing the 2016 rate order along with other retail rate variances. The increase in the weighted average price per kWh sold was partially offset by a $10.8 million decrease in fuel revenues. The majority of the increases in environmental and DSM revenues are offset by increased operating expenses, including depreciation and amortization. The $8.3 million decrease in the volume of kWh sold was primarily due to milder temperatures in our service territory during early 2016 versus the comparable period (as demonstrated by the 18% decrease in heating degree days shown above). The increase in retail revenues also includes the one-time impact of recognizing in IPL s unbilled revenue calculation the increase in IPL s base rates relating to revenues that were previously charged through IPL s environmental cost recovery rate adjustment mechanism, or rider ($3.8 million). While billed through a rider, such revenues relating to environmental cost recovery were not includable in our unbilled calculation.   

24 

The decrease in wholesale revenues of $7.1 million was primarily due to a 52% decrease in the quantity of kWh sold ($8.1 million) as IPL s generation units were not called upon by MISO to produce electricity as often during the first nine months of 2016 versus the comparable period in 2015, largely due to unfavorable prices and unit availability; partially offset by a 13% increase in the weighted average price per kWh sold ($1.0 million). Our ability to be dispatched in the MISO market is primarily driven by the locational marginal price of electricity and variable generation costs. The amount of electricity available for wholesale sales is impacted by our retail load requirements, generation capacity and unit availability. It is expected that wholesale revenues will increase beginning in 2017 when the Eagle Valley CCGT goes on-line. Currently, 50% of IPL s wholesale sales margins over an annual benchmark of $6.3 million are returned to our customers through a rate rider. 
    
  Utility Operating Expenses 
    
  The following table illustrates our primary operating expense changes from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in millions): 

The $48.0 million decrease in fuel costs was primarily due to (i) a $20.0 million decrease in the quantity of fuel consumed as the result of our units being called upon by MISO less often in the comparable periods, as described previously, (ii) a $14.2 million decrease in deferred fuel costs, which includes the one-time impact of recognizing in IPL s deferred fuel calculation the increase in base rates relating to fuel revenues that were previously charged through a rate adjustment mechanism or rider, (iii) a $7.2 million decrease due to the lower price of natural gas we consumed versus the comparable period, (iv) a $4.9 million decrease due to the lower price of coal we consumed versus the comparable period, and (v) a $1.2 million decrease due to the lower price of oil we consumed versus the comparable period. While part of the fuel rider, IPL s unbilled fuel revenues were offset in the financial statements by an increase to fuel expense, which is no longer necessary now that these fuel revenues are included in base rates. We are generally permitted to recover underestimated fuel and purchased power costs to serve our retail customers in future rates through quarterly FAC proceedings. These variances are deferred when incurred and amortized into expense in the same period that our rates are adjusted to reflect these variances.  
    
  The increase in depreciation and amortization costs of $30.0 million was primarily due to a $17.4 million impact from the amortization of previously deferred environmental costs, as well as the deferral of less costs in the current year. The remaining $12.6 million increase was due to additional assets placed in service and new depreciation and ARO rates implemented beginning in April 2016, partially offset by the impact of the retirements of coal assets at our Eagle Valley and Harding Street stations.  
    
  The $25.7 million increase in purchased power costs was primarily due to a 72% increase in the volume of power purchased during the period ($66.4 million), partially offset by a 25% decrease in the market price of purchased power ($46.5 million).     The volume of power we purchase each period is primarily influenced by our retail demand, generating unit capacity and outages, and the fact that at times it is less expensive for us to buy power in the market than to produce it ourselves. The market price of purchased power is influenced primarily by changes in the market price of delivered fuel (primarily natural gas), the price of environmental emissions allowances, the supply of and demand for electricity, and the time of day in which power is purchased. Additionally, MISO non-fuel market participation costs increased $5.4 million, which includes both current period costs and amortization of previously deferred costs, which were included in IPL s customer billing rates beginning April 1, 2016. Such costs were deferred as a regulatory asset prior to April 1, 2016 and are now being amortized to expense over a ten-year period.  
    
  The $14.9 million increase in income taxes - net was primarily due to the tax effect of the increase in pretax net operating income. 
  
   25 

MISO non-purchased power costs increased $8.4 million, which includes both current period costs and the amortization of previously deferred costs, which were included in IPL s customer billing rates beginning April 1, 2016. Such costs were deferred as a regulatory asset prior to April 1, 2016 and are now being amortized to expense over a ten-year period. 
    
  The increase in DSM program costs of $5.6 million, which are included in    Other operating expenses    on our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and are recoverable through customer rates, is correlated to an increase in DSM rate adjustment mechanism revenues as a result of timing differences in spending patterns.  
    
  Maintenance expenses decreased $5.1 million versus the comparable period primarily due to decreased outages and the retirement of our Eagle Valley station s coal-fired units in April 2016. 
    
  Other Income and Deductions 
    
  Other income and deductions increased $19.5 million, from income of $10.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, to income of $29.8 million for the same period in 2016. The increase was primarily due to (i) a $22.1 million loss on early extinguishment of debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 from the purchase and redemption of $400 million of 2016 IPALCO Notes during the summer of 2015 and (ii) a $10.3 million increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction as a result of increased construction activity. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the income tax benefit of $13.4 million, which was primarily due to the change in pretax nonoperating income during the comparable periods. 
    
  Interest and Other Charges 
    
  Interest and other charges decreased $7.2 million, or 9%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to a $9.4 million increase in the allowance for borrowed funds used during construction as a result of increased construction activity; partially offset by higher interest of $2.5 million on long-term debt mostly as a result of IPL s first mortgage bonds debt issuances of $350 million (4.05% Series, due May 2046) in May 2016 and $260 million (4.70% Series, due September 2045) in September 2015. 
  
   26 

CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
    
  Overview 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $51.3 million and available borrowing capacity of $225.0 million under our $250.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility after outstanding borrowings and existing letters of credit. All of IPL s long-term borrowings must first be approved by the IURC and the aggregate amount of IPL s short-term indebtedness must be approved by the FERC. We have approval from FERC to borrow up to $500 million of short-term indebtedness outstanding at any time through July 27, 2018. In December 2015, we received an order from the IURC granting us authority through December 31, 2018 to, among other things, issue up to $650 million in aggregate principal amount of long-term debt and refinance up to $196.5 million in existing indebtedness. As of September 30, 2016, we have a total of $146.5 million of remaining debt issuance authority available under this order. This order also grants us authority to have up to $500 million of long-term credit agreements and liquidity facilities outstanding at any one time, of which $250.0 million remains available, and, as an alternative to the sale of all or a portion of $65 million in principal of the long-term debt mentioned above, issue up to $65 million of new preferred stock, all of which remains available under the order as of September 30, 2016. We also have restrictions on the amount of new debt that may be issued due to contractual obligations of AES and by financial covenant restrictions under our existing debt obligations. We do not believe such restrictions will be a limiting factor in our ability to issue debt in the ordinary course of prudent business operations. 
    
  We believe that existing cash balances, cash generated from operating activities and borrowing capacity on our committed credit facility will be adequate for the foreseeable future to meet anticipated operating expenses, interest expense on outstanding indebtedness, recurring capital expenditures and to pay dividends to AES U.S. Investments and CDPQ. Sources for principal payments on outstanding indebtedness and nonrecurring capital expenditures are expected to be obtained from: (i) existing cash balances; (ii) cash generated from operating activities; (iii) borrowing capacity on our committed credit facility; and (iv) additional debt financing. In addition, due to current and expected future environmental regulations and replacement generation projects, equity capital from AES and CDPQ has been used as a significant funding source during the first half of 2016 and in recent years. In March 2016 and April 2015, IPALCO received equity capital contributions of $134.3 million and $214.4 million, respectively, from the issuance of 7,403,213 and 11,818,828 shares of common stock, respectively, to CDPQ for funding needs primarily related to existing environmental and replacement generation projects at IPL, which IPALCO then made the same investments in IPL. On June 1, 2016, IPALCO received equity capital contributions of (i) $64.8 million from AES U.S. Investments and (ii) $13.9 million from CDPQ. IPALCO then made the same investments in IPL. The proceeds were primarily used for funding needs related to IPL s environmental and replacement generation projects.  
    
  Capital Requirements 
    
  Capital Expenditures 
    
  Our construction program is composed of capital expenditures necessary for prudent utility operations and compliance with environmental laws and regulations, along with discretionary investments designed to replace aging equipment or improve overall performance. Our capital expenditures totaled $531.9 million (which includes $15.0 million of payments for financed capital expenditures) and $460.0 million (which includes $1.8 million for financed capital expenditures) for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in capital expenditures of $71.9 million in 2016 versus 2015 was primarily driven by construction costs related to replacement generation and our environmental construction program. Construction expenditures during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 were financed primarily with internally generated cash provided by operations, borrowings on our credit facility, long-term borrowings, and equity capital contributions. 
    
  Our capital expenditure program, including development and permitting costs, for the three-year period from 2016 to 2018 is currently estimated to cost approximately $541 million (excluding environmental compliance and replacement generation costs). It includes approximately $294 million for additions, improvements and extensions to transmission and distribution lines, substations, power factor and voltage regulating equipment, distribution transformers and street lighting facilities. The capital expenditure program also includes approximately $178 million for power plant-related projects and $69 million for other miscellaneous equipment. 
    
  IPL also plans to spend a total of $632 million (of which $560 million has been expended through September 30, 2016) on replacement generation costs through 2018 as a result of the retirement of existing facilities not equipped with advanced environmental control technologies required to comply with existing and expected regulations. The balance of $72 million is  
  
   27 

projected to be expended in the three-year period from 2016 to 2018.  Please see    Item 1. Business - Environmental Matters - Unit Retirements and Replacement Generation    as described in IPALCO s 2015 Form 10-K for more details. 
    
  In addition to the amounts listed above, IPL plans to spend additional amounts related to environmental compliance, including $53 million for the three-year period from 2016 to 2018 to comply with the MATS rule (the majority of the $53 million is expected to be spent in 2016). IPL plans to spend a total of $454 million for this project (of which $433 million has been expended for this project through September 30, 2016). Please see    Item 1. Business - Environmental Matters - MATS    as described in IPALCO s 2015 Form 10-K for more details. 
    
  Other environmental expenditures include costs for compliance with the NPDES permit program under the CWA. The costs for NPDES at our Petersburg station for 2016 to 2018 are expected to be $97 million. IPL plans to spend a total of $224 million for this project (of which $192 million has been expended through September 30, 2016). Also, as a result of environmental regulations, IPL completed the refueling of Unit 7 at our Harding Street station in the second quarter of 2016, converting from coal-fired to natural gas-fired. The 2016 to 2018 cost of the projects necessary to complete this conversion, including costs for NPDES, MATS compliance and dry ash handling, are expected to be $57 million (IPL plans to spend a total of $101 million on this project, including amounts already expended through September 30, 2016). IPL has also included in the 2016 to 2018 forecast $149 million related to environmental compliance for CCR and NAAQS regulations and studies related to cooling water intake requirements in sections 316(a) and 316(b) of the CWA. Please see    Item 1. Business - Environmental Matters - Environmental Wastewater Requirements    as described in IPALCO s 2015 Form 10-K for more details. 
    
  Capital Resources 
    
  Indebtedness 
    
  IPL First Mortgage Bonds 
    
  In May 2016, IPL issued $350 million aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds, 4.05% Series, due May 2046, pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. For further discussion, please see Note 5,    Debt - IPL First Mortgage Bonds    to the Financial Statements. 
    
  IPALCO s Senior Secured Notes 
    
  In June 2015, IPALCO completed the sale of the 2020 IPALCO Notes pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. Net proceeds from this offering were used to fund the purchase of the 2016 IPALCO Notes. For further discussion, please see Note 5,    Debt - IPALCO     s Senior Secured Notes    to the Financial Statements. 
    
  Credit Ratings 
    
  Our ability to borrow money or to refinance existing indebtedness and the interest rates at which we can borrow money or refinance existing indebtedness can be affected by our credit ratings. Any reduction in our debt or credit ratings may adversely affect the trading price of our outstanding debt securities. On April 13, 2016, S P upgraded the Corporate Credit Rating of IPALCO and IPL to  BBB-  from  BB+  based on S P s one-notch upgrade of AES. At the same time, S P affirmed the issue-level ratings at IPALCO and IPL. 

28 

The following table presents the debt ratings and credit ratings (issuer/corporate rating) and outlook for IPALCO and IPL, along with the dates each rating was effective or affirmed.. 
                               Debt rating 
      
    IPALCO 
      
    IPL 
      
    Outlook 
      
    Effective or Affirmed 
      Fitch Ratings 
      
    BB+    (a)  
      
    BBB+    (b)  
      
    Stable 
      
    December 2015 
      Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
      
    Baa3    (a)  
      
    A2    (b)  
      
    Stable 
      
    October 2016 
      Standard   Poor s Financial Services LLC 
      
    BB+    (a)  
      
    BBB+    (b)  
      
    Stable 
      
    April 2016 

Credit rating 
      
    IPALCO 
      
    IPL 
      
    Outlook 
      
    Effective or Affirmed 
      Fitch Ratings 
      
    BB+ 
      
    BBB- 
      
    Stable 
      
    December 2015 
      Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 

Baa1 
      
    Stable 
      
    October 2016 
      Standard   Poor s Financial Services LLC 
      
    BBB- 
      
    BBB- 
      
    Stable 
      
    April 2016 

(a) 
    Rating relates to IPALCO     s Senior Secured Notes. 
              (b) 
    Rating relates to IPL     s Senior Secured Notes. 
       
  Dividend Distributions 
    
  All of IPALCO s outstanding common stock is held by AES U.S. Investments and CDPQ. During the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, we paid $86.4 million and $61.2 million, respectively, in dividends to our shareholders. Future distributions to our shareholders will be determined at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend primarily on dividends received from IPL. Dividends from IPL are affected by IPL s actual results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, capital requirements, regulatory considerations, and other such factors as IPL s board of directors deems relevant. 
    
  Pension Funding 
    
  We contributed $15.9 million and $25.1 million to the Pension Plans during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. We currently do not expect to make additional pension funding payments in 2016. Funding for the qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan is based upon actuarially determined contributions that take into account the amount deductible for income tax purposes and the minimum contribution required under ERISA, as amended by the Pension Protection Act of 2006, as well as targeted funding levels necessary to meet certain thresholds. 
    
  POLITICAL FACTORS 
    
  The outcome of the U.S. elections could result in significant change to U.S. environmental policies, energy policies and tax laws, the impact of which is uncertain. 
    
  REGULATORY MATTERS 
    
  In March 2016, the IURC issued an order authorizing IPL to increase its basic rates and charges by $30.8 million annually.  For further discussion, please see Note 2,    Regulatory Matters    to the Financial Statements.  
    
  ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
    
  We are subject to various federal, state, regional and local environmental protection and health and safety laws, as well as regulations governing, among other things, the generation, storage, handling, use, disposal and transportation of hazardous materials; the emission and discharge of hazardous and other materials into the environment; and the health and safety of our employees. These laws and regulations often require a lengthy and complex process of obtaining and renewing permits and other governmental authorizations from federal, state and local agencies. Violation of these laws, regulations or permits can result in substantial fines, other sanctions, suspension or revocation of permits and/or facility shutdowns. We cannot assure that we have been or will be at all times in full compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. 
    
  CCR 
    
  The EPA s final CCR rule became effective on October 19, 2015. Generally, the rule regulates CCR as nonhazardous solid waste and establishes national minimum criteria for existing and new CCR landfills and existing and new CCR surface impoundments (ash ponds), including location restrictions, design and operating criteria, groundwater-monitoring and corrective action, and closure requirements and post closure care.  

29 

The existing ash ponds at Petersburg have not yet been able to meet certain structural stability requirements set forth in the CCR rule. As such, IPL would be required to cease use of the ash ponds by April 17, 2017. However, IDEM has granted IPL a variance extending that deadline to April 11, 2018. In order to handle the bottom ash material that would otherwise be sluiced to the ash ponds, IPL plans to install a dry bottom ash handling system at an estimated cost of approximately $47 million. On May 31, 2016, IPL filed its CCR compliance plans with the IURC. IPL is seeking approval for a CPCN to install the bottom ash dewatering system at its Petersburg generating station. We expect to recover through our environmental rate adjustment mechanism any operating or capital expenditures related to the installation of this system. Recovery of these costs is sought through an Indiana statute that allows for 80% recovery of qualifying costs through a rate adjustment mechanism with the remainder recorded as a regulatory asset to be considered for recovery in the next base rate case proceeding. However, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in that regard. In light of the uncertainties at this time, we cannot predict the impact of these requirements on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition, but it is expected to be material. 
    
  NAAQS 
    
  On August 23, 2010, a new one-hour SO  2   primary NAAQS became effective. On August 5, 2013, EPA published in the Federal Register its final designations, which include portions of Marion, Morgan, and Pike counties as nonattainment with respect to the one-hour SO  2   standard. On September 30, 2015, IDEM published its final rule establishing reduced SO  2   limits for IPL facilities in accordance with the new one-hour standard, for the areas in which IPL s Harding Street, Petersburg, and Eagle Valley generating stations operate with compliance required by January 1, 2017. The rule will not impact IPL s Eagle Valley or Harding Street generating stations as these facilities have ceased coal combustion in advance of the compliance date. However, improvements to the existing FGD systems at Petersburg station will be required to meet the emission limits imposed by the rule. IPL estimates costs for compliance at Petersburg station at approximately $48 million for measures that enhance the performance and integrity of the FGD systems. On May 31, 2016, IPL filed its SO  2   NAAQS compliance plans with the IURC. IPL is seeking approval for a CPCN for these measures at its Petersburg generating station. We expect to recover through our environmental rate adjustment mechanism any operating or capital expenditures related to compliance with the rule. Recovery of these costs is sought through an Indiana statute that allows for 80% recovery of qualifying costs through a rate adjustment mechanism with the remainder recorded as a regulatory asset to be considered for recovery in the next base rate case proceeding. However, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in that regard. In light of the uncertainties at this time, we cannot predict the impact of the rule on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition, but it is expected to be material. 
    
  CSAPR 
    
  On October 26, 2016, the EPA published a final rule to update the CSAPR to address the 2008 ozone NAAQS (     CSAPR Update Rule     ). CSAPR addresses the      good neighbor      provision of the CAA, which prohibits sources within each state from emitting any air pollutant in an amount which will contribute significantly to any other state s nonattainment, or interference with maintenance of, any NAAQS. The final rule finds that NO  x   ozone season emissions in 22 states (including Indiana) affect the ability of downwind states to attain and maintain the 2008 ozone NAAQS. For these 22 states, EPA is issuing federal implementation plans that generally update existing CSAPR NO  x   ozone season emission budgets for electric generating units within these states, and implement these budgets through modifications to the existing CSAPR NO  x   ozone season allowance trading program. Implementation will start in the 2017 ozone season (May through September 2017). Affected facilities will receive fewer ozone season NO  x   allowances in 2017 and later, possibly resulting in the need to purchase additional allowances. At this time, we cannot predict what the impact will be with respect to these new standards and requirements, but it could be material. 
    
  Selenium Rule 
    
  In June 2016, the EPA published the final national chronic aquatic life criterion for the pollutant, Selenium, in fresh water. IPL s NPDES permits may be updated to include Selenium water quality based effluent limits based on a site specific evaluation process which includes determining if there is a reasonable potential to exceed the revised final Selenium water quality standards for the specific receiving water body utilizing actual and/or projected discharge information for the IPL generating facilities. As a result, it is not yet possible to predict the potential impacts of this final rule at this time, including any challenges to such final rule and the outcome of any such challenges. However, if additional capital expenditures are necessary, they could be material. We would seek recovery of these capital expenditures; however, there is no guarantee we would be successful in this regard. 

30 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK  
    
  There have been no material changes to our quantitative and qualitative disclosure about market risk as previously disclosed in the 2015 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our  disclosure controls and procedures  (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)), as required by paragraph (b) of the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15, as of September 30, 2016. Our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, is engaged in a comprehensive effort to review, evaluate and improve our controls; however, management does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. In addition, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls is subject to risks that those internal controls may become inadequate in future periods because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures deteriorates. We have interests in certain unconsolidated entities. As we do not control or manage these entities, our disclosure controls and procedures with respect to such entities is generally more limited than those we maintain with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries.  
    
  Based upon the controls evaluation performed, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to us and our consolidated subsidiaries is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
    
  Changes in Internal Controls 
    
  In the course of our evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures, management considered certain internal control areas in which we have made and are continuing to make changes to improve and enhance controls. Based upon that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

31 

PART     II       OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  In the normal course of business, we are subject to various lawsuits, actions, claims, and other proceedings. We are also from time to time involved in other reviews, investigations and proceedings by governmental and regulatory agencies regarding our business, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. We have accrued in our Financial Statements for litigation and claims where it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can  be reasonably estimated. We believe the amounts provided in our Financial Statements, as prescribed by GAAP, for these matters are adequate in light of the probable and estimable contingencies. However, there can be no assurances that the actual amounts required to satisfy alleged liabilities from various legal proceedings, claims and other matters (including those matters noted below), and to comply with applicable laws and regulations will not exceed the amounts reflected in our Financial Statements. As such, costs, if any, that may be incurred in excess of those amounts provided for in our Financial Statements, cannot be reasonably determined, but could be material. 
    
  Our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and Forms 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016, and June 30, 2016, and the Notes to the Financial Statements included therein, contain descriptions of certain legal proceedings in which we are or were involved. The information in, or incorporated by reference into, this Item 1 to Part II is limited to certain recent developments concerning our legal proceedings and new legal proceedings since the filing of such Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q, and should be read in conjunction with such Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q. Please see Note 2,    Regulatory Matters    and Note 8,    Commitments and Contingencies    to the Financial Statements included in Part I   Financial Information of this Form 10-Q for a summary of certain legal proceedings involving us.  

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 
    
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors as previously disclosed in the 2015 Form 10-K.  

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
    
  None.  

ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.  OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  None. 

32 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
                 Exhibit No. 
    Document 

31.1 
    Certification by Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
      31.2 
    Certification by Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
      32 
    Certification required by Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) 
      101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document (filed herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 
      101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 
      101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 
      101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 
      101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 
      101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith as provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T) 

33 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

IPALCO ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Date: 
      
    November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Craig L. Jackson 

Craig L. Jackson 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal     Financial     Officer)  

Date: 
      
    November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Kurt A. Tornquist 

Kurt A. Tornquist 

Controller 

(Principal     Accounting     Officer) 

34 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Kenneth J. Zagzebski, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                          Date: 
      
    November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Kenneth J. Zagzebski 

Kenneth J. Zagzebski 

Chief Executive Officer 

35 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Craig L. Jackson, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
      
    November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Craig L. Jackson 

Craig L. Jackson 

Chief Financial Officer 

36 

Exhibit 32 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
    
  Kenneth J. Zagzebski, Chief Executive Officer and Craig L. Jackson, Chief Financial Officer of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. ( IPALCO ), each certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of IPALCO. 
                          Date: 
      
    November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Kenneth J. Zagzebski 

Kenneth J. Zagzebski 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
      
    November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Craig L. Jackson 

Craig L. Jackson 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to IPALCO and will be retained by IPALCO and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
  
   37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ipalco10q20160930ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Kenneth J. Zagzebski, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                          Date: 
      
    November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Kenneth J. Zagzebski 

Kenneth J. Zagzebski 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ipalco10q20160930ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Craig L. Jackson, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
      
    November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Craig L. Jackson 

Craig L. Jackson 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ipalco10q20160930ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
    
  Kenneth J. Zagzebski, Chief Executive Officer and Craig L. Jackson, Chief Financial Officer of IPALCO Enterprises, Inc. ( IPALCO ), each certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of IPALCO. 
                          Date: 
      
    November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Kenneth J. Zagzebski 

Kenneth J. Zagzebski 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
      
    November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Craig L. Jackson 

Craig L. Jackson 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to IPALCO and will be retained by IPALCO and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cik0000728391-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cik0000728391-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cik0000728391-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cik0000728391-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cik0000728391-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cik0000728391-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

