<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1591763_0001591763-16-000182_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9926720</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>139367</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>492707</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3466494</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4347346</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1291712</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>50</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001591763-16-000182.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102064042
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001591763-16-000182
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enable Midstream Partners, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001591763
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		IRS NUMBER:				721252419
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36413
		FILM NUMBER:		161966247

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE LEADERSHIP SQUARE
		STREET 2:		211 NORTH ROBINSON AVENUE, SUITE 950
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		405-525-7788

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE LEADERSHIP SQUARE
		STREET 2:		211 NORTH ROBINSON AVENUE, SUITE 950
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001591763-16-000182.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 enblq3201610-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
   _______________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
   _______________________________________ 
      QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF   
  THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 
      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
   THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the transition period from _____to_____  
  Commission File No.   1-36413 
   _______________________________________ 
  ENABLE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    
   _______________________________________ 
                   Delaware 
      
    72-1252419 
      (State or jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

One Leadership Square 
  211 North Robinson Avenue 
  Suite 150 
  Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
  (Zip Code) 
    
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code:      (405) 525-7788  
   _______________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.       Yes       No  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).       Yes       No  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.                            Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).       Yes       No  
  As of   October 14, 2016  , there were   214,461,760   common units and   207,855,430   subordinated units outstanding.                         

Table of Contents  

ENABLE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  FORM 10-Q 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       GLOSSARY OF TERMS  
    1 
       FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
    3 

Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
      
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income  
    4 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
    5 
       Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    6 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    7 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Partners' Equity  
    8 
       Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    9 
       Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    30 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    45 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    45 

Part II - OTHER INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    46 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    46 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    46 

Signature  
    48 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
    
  Our website is www.enablemidstream.com. On the investor relations tab of our website, http://investors.enablemidstream.com, we make available free of charge a variety of information to investors. Our goal is to maintain the investor relations tab of our website as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, including but not limited to:  
             
    our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the SEC; 
                
    press releases on quarterly distributions, quarterly earnings, and other developments; 
                
    governance information, including our governance guidelines, committee charters, and code of ethics and business conduct; 
                
    information on events and presentations, including an archive of available calls, webcasts, and presentations; and 
                
    news and other announcements that we may post from time to time that investors may find useful or interesting. 
       
  Information contained on our website or any other website is not incorporated by reference into this report and does not constitute a part of this report. 

i 

Table of Contents  

GLOSSARY 
    
                 Adjusted EBITDA. 
    A non-GAAP measure calculated as net income from continuing operations before interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization expense and certain other items management believes affect the comparability of operating results. 
      Adjusted interest expense. 
    A non-GAAP measure calculated as interest expense plus amortization of premium on long-term debt and capitalized interest, less amortization of debt costs. 
      Annual Report. 
    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
      ASU. 
    Accounting Standards Update. 
      Barrel. 
    42 U.S. gallons of petroleum products. 
      Bbl. 
    Barrel. 
      Bbl/d. 
    Barrels per day. 
      Bcf/d. 
    Billion cubic feet per day. 
      Btu. 
    British thermal unit. When used in terms of volume, Btu refers to the amount of natural gas required to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit at one atmospheric pressure. 
      CenterPoint Energy. 
    CenterPoint Energy, Inc., a Texas corporation, and its subsidiaries, other than Enable Midstream Partners, LP for periods prior to formation of the Partnership on May 1, 2013. 
      Condensate. 
    A natural gas liquid with a low vapor pressure, mainly composed of propane, butane, pentane and heavier hydrocarbon fractions. 
      DCF. 
    Distributable cash flow, which is a non-GAAP measure calculated as Adjusted EBITDA less Series A Preferred Unit distributions, Adjusted interest expense, maintenance capital expenditures and current income taxes. 
      Distribution coverage ratio. 
    A non-GAAP measure calculated as DCF divided by distributions related to common and subordinated unitholders. 
      DRIP. 
    Distribution Reinvestment Plan entered into on June 23, 2016, which, beginning with the quarterly distribution for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, offers owners of our common and subordinated units the ability to purchase additional common units by reinvesting all or a portion of the cash distributions paid to them on their common or subordinated units. 
      EGT. 
    Enable Gas Transmission, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Partnership that operates a 5,900-mile interstate pipeline that provides natural gas transportation and storage services to customers principally in the Anadarko, Arkoma and Ark-La-Tex basins in Oklahoma, Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana and Kansas. 
      Enable GP. 
    Enable GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of Enable Midstream Partners, LP. 
      Enable Midstream Services. 
    Enable Midstream Services, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Enable Midstream Partners, LP. 
      EOIT. 
    Enable Oklahoma Intrastate Transmission, LLC, formerly Enogex LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Partnership that operates a 2,200-mile intrastate pipeline that provides natural gas transportation and storage services to customers in Oklahoma. 
      Exchange Act. 
    Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
      FASB. 
    Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
      FERC. 
    Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 
      Fractionation. 
    The separation of the heterogeneous mixture of extracted NGLs into individual components for end-use sale. 
      GAAP. 
    Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
      Gas imbalance. 
    The difference between the actual amounts of natural gas delivered from or received by a pipeline, as compared to the amounts scheduled to be delivered or received. 
      General Partner. 
    Enable GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the general partner of Enable Midstream Partners, LP. 
      Gross margin. 
    A non-GAAP measure calculated as total revenues minus cost of natural gas and natural gas liquids, excluding depreciation and amortization. 
      LIBOR. 
    London Interbank Offered Rate. 
      March 31 Quarterly Report. 
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016. 
      MBbl. 
    Thousand barrels. 

1 

     Table of Contents  

MBbl/d. 
    Thousand barrels per day. 
      MFA. 
    Master Formation Agreement dated as of March 14, 2013. 
      MMcf. 
    Million cubic feet of natural gas. 
      MMcf/d. 
    Million cubic feet per day. 
      NGLs. 
    Natural gas liquids, which are the hydrocarbon liquids contained within natural gas including condensate. 
      NYMEX. 
    New York Mercantile Exchange. 
      Offering. 
    Initial public offering of Enable Midstream Partners, LP. 
      OGE Energy. 
    OGE Energy Corp., an Oklahoma corporation, and its subsidiaries. 
      Partnership. 
    Enable Midstream Partners, LP, and its subsidiaries. 
      Partnership Agreement. 
    Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Enable Midstream Partners, LP dated as of June 22, 2016. 
      Purchase Agreement. 
    Purchase Agreement, dated January 28, 2016, by and between the Partnership and CenterPoint Energy, Inc. for the sale by the Partnership and purchase by CenterPoint Energy, Inc. of Series A Preferred Units.   
      Revolving Credit Facility. 
    $1.75 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
      SEC. 
    Securities and Exchange Commission. 
      Securities Act. 
    Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
      Series A Preferred Units. 
    10% Series A Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership. 
      SESH. 
    Southeast Supply Header, LLC, in which the Partnership owns a 50% interest, that operates an approximately 290-mile interstate natural gas pipeline from Perryville, Louisiana to southwestern Alabama near the Gulf Coast. 
      TBtu. 
    Trillion British thermal units. 
      TBtu/d. 
    Trillion British thermal units per day. 
      WTI. 
    West Texas Intermediate. 
      2015 Term Loan Agreement. 
    $450 million unsecured term loan agreement. 
      2019 Notes. 
    $500 million 2.400% senior notes due 2019. 
      2024 Notes. 
    $600 million 3.900% senior notes due 2024. 
      2044 Notes. 
    $550 million 5.000% senior notes due 2044. 

2 

Table of Contents  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  Some of the information in this report may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations, contain projections of results of operations or of financial condition, or forecasts of future events. Words such as  could,   will,   should,   may,   assume,   forecast,   position,   predict,   strategy,   expect,   intend,   plan,   estimate,   anticipate,   believe,   project,   budget,   potential,  or  continue,  and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, forward-looking statements contained in this report include our expectations of plans, strategies, objectives, growth and anticipated financial and operational performance, including revenue projections, capital expenditures and tax position. Forward-looking statements can be affected by assumptions used or by known or unknown risks or uncertainties. Consequently, no forward-looking statements can be guaranteed. 
    
  A forward-looking statement may include a statement of the assumptions or bases underlying the forward-looking statement. We believe that we have chosen these assumptions or bases in good faith and that they are reasonable. However, when considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements in this report, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (Annual Report) and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016 (March 31 Quarterly Report). Those risk factors and other factors noted throughout this report, in our Annual Report and in our March 31 Quarterly Report could cause our actual results to differ materially from those disclosed in any forward-looking statement. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. You should also understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the following list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by such forward-looking statements include: 
             
    changes in general economic conditions; 
                
    competitive conditions in our industry; 
                
    actions taken by our customers and competitors; 
                
    the supply and demand for natural gas, NGLs, crude oil and midstream services; 
                
    our ability to successfully implement our business plan; 
                
    our ability to complete internal growth projects on time and on budget; 
                
    the price and availability of debt and equity financing; 
                
    strategic decisions by CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy regarding their ownership of us and our General Partner; 
                
    operating hazards and other risks incidental to transporting, storing, gathering and processing natural gas, NGLs, crude oil and midstream products; 
                
    natural disasters, weather-related delays, casualty losses and other matters beyond our control; 
                
    interest rates; 
                
    labor relations; 
                
    large customer defaults; 
                
    changes in the availability and cost of capital; 
                
    changes in tax status; 
                
    the effects of existing and future laws and governmental regulations; 
                
    changes in insurance markets impacting costs and the level and types of coverage available; 
                
    the timing and extent of changes in commodity prices; 
                
    the suspension, reduction or termination of our customers  obligations under our commercial agreements; 
                
    disruptions due to equipment interruption or failure at our facilities, or third-party facilities on which our business is dependent; 
                
    the effects of future litigation; and 
                
    other factors set forth in this report and our other filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report and our March 31 Quarterly Report. 
     Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
    
  Item 1. Financial Statements 

ENABLE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (unaudited) 

See Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  4 

Table of Contents  

ENABLE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  5 

Table of Contents  

ENABLE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Unaudited)    

See Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  6 

Table of Contents  

ENABLE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 
                                  
    Nine Months Ended   September 30, 
        
    2016 
      
    2015 
        
    (In millions) 
      Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 
      
      Net income (loss) 
    $ 
    244 

$ 
    (823 
    ) 
      Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
    248 

233 
      
      Deferred income taxes 
    4 

1 
      
      Impairments 
    8 

1,105 
      
      Loss on sale/retirement of assets 
    9 

2 
      
      Equity in earnings of equity method affiliate, net of distributions 

5 
      
      Equity based compensation 
    9 

7 
      
      Amortization of debt costs and discount (premium) 
    (2 
    ) 
      
    (2 
    ) 
      Changes in other assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 
    (33 
    ) 
      
    (37 
    ) 
      Accounts receivable affiliated companies 
    8 

2 
      
      Inventory 
    11 

11 
      
      Gas imbalance assets 
    3 

29 
      
      Other current assets 
    3 

(1 
    ) 
      Other assets 
    (1 
    ) 
      
    (5 
    ) 
      Accounts payable 
    (84 
    ) 
      
    (56 
    ) 
      Accounts payable affiliated companies 
    (4 
    ) 
      
    (26 
    ) 
      Gas imbalance liabilities 
    (3 
    ) 
      
    4 
      
      Other current liabilities 
    68 

45 
      
      Other liabilities 
    10 

(3 
    ) 
      Net cash provided by operating activities 
    498 

491 
      
      Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Capital expenditures 
    (289 
    ) 
      
    (654 
    ) 
      Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

(80 
    ) 
      Proceeds from sale of assets 
    1 

1 
      
      Investment in equity method affiliate 

(8 
    ) 
      Return of investment in equity method affiliate 
    18 

11 
      
      Net cash used in investing activities 
    (270 
    ) 
      
    (730 
    ) 
      Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from long term debt, net of issuance costs 

450 
      
      Proceeds from revolving credit facility 
    838 

275 
      
      Repayment of revolving credit facility 
    (393 
    ) 
      
    (275 
    ) 
      Increase (decrease) in short-term debt 
    (236 
    ) 
      
    179 
      
      Repayment of notes payable affiliated companies 
    (363 
    ) 

Proceeds from issuance of Series A Preferred Units, net of issuance costs 
    362 

Distributions  
    (417 
    ) 
      
    (397 
    ) 
      Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
    (209 
    ) 
      
    232 
      
      Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    19 

(7 
    ) 
      Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period 
    4 

12 
      
      Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 
    $ 
    23 

$ 
    5 

See Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  7 

Table of Contents  

ENABLE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS  EQUITY 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  8 

Table of Contents  

ENABLE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Organization 
    
  Enable Midstream Partners, LP (Partnership) is a large-scale, growth-oriented Delaware limited partnership formed to own, operate and develop strategically located natural gas and crude oil infrastructure assets. The Partnership s assets and operations are organized into   two   reportable segments: (i) Gathering and Processing, which primarily provides natural gas gathering, processing and fractionation services and crude oil gathering for our producer customers, and (ii) Transportation and Storage, which provides interstate and intrastate natural gas pipeline transportation and storage services primarily to natural gas producers, utilities and industrial customers. The natural gas gathering and processing assets are located in   five   states and serve natural gas production in the Anadarko, Arkoma and Ark-La-Tex basins. This segment also includes a crude oil gathering business in the Bakken Shale formation, principally located in the Williston basin. The natural gas transportation and storage assets extend from western Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle to Alabama and from Louisiana to Illinois. 
    
  The Partnership is controlled equally by CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy, who each have   50%   of the management rights of Enable GP. Enable GP was established by CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy to govern the Partnership and has no other operating activities. Enable GP is governed by a board made up of an equal number of representatives designated by each of CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy, along with the independent board members CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy mutually agreed to appoint. Based on the   50  /  50   management ownership, with neither company having control, CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy do not consolidate their interests in the Partnership. CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy also own a   40%   and   60%   interest, respectively, in the incentive distribution rights held by Enable GP. As of   September 30, 2016  , CenterPoint Energy held approximately   55.4%   of the common and subordinated units in the Partnership, or   94,151,707   common units and   139,704,916   subordinated units, and OGE Energy held approximately   26.3%   of the common and subordinated units in the Partnership, or   42,832,291   common units and   68,150,514   subordinated units. Additionally, CenterPoint Energy holds   14,520,000   Series A Preferred Units. See Note 4 for further information related to the Series A Preferred Units.    
    
  For the period from   December 31, 2014   through June 29, 2015, the financial statements reflect a   49.90%   interest in SESH. On June 12, 2015, CenterPoint Energy exercised its put right with respect to a   0.1%   interest in SESH. Pursuant to the put right, on June 30, 2015, CenterPoint Energy contributed its remaining   0.1%   interest in SESH to the Partnership in exchange for   25,341   common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership owned a   50%   interest in SESH. See Note 6 for further discussion of SESH.   
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes of the Partnership have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC and GAAP. Pursuant to such rules and regulations, certain disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes should be read in conjunction with the combined and consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report.    
    
   These condensed consolidated financial statements and the related financial statement disclosures reflect all normal recurring adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary to present fairly the financial position and results of operations for the respective periods. Amounts reported in the Partnership s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income are not necessarily indicative of amounts expected for a full-year period due to the effects of, among other things, (a) seasonal fluctuations in demand for energy and energy services, (b) changes in energy commodity prices, (c) timing of maintenance and other expenditures and (d) acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, assets and other interests. 
    
  For a description of the Partnership s reportable segments, see Note 14. 
    
  Use of Estimates 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
    
  Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not typically bear interest. The determination of the allowance for doubtful accounts requires management to make estimates and judgments regarding our customers  ability to pay. The allowance for doubtful accounts is determined based upon specific identification and estimates of future uncollectable amounts. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our customers  financial strength based on aging of accounts receivable, payment history, and review of other relevant information, including ratings agency credit ratings and alerts, publicly available reports and news releases, and bank and trade references. It is the policy of management to review the outstanding accounts receivable at least quarterly, giving consideration to historical bad debt write-offs, the aging of receivables and specific customer circumstances that may impact their ability to pay the amounts due. Based on this review, management determined that a   $3 million   allowance for doubtful accounts was required as of   September 30, 2016  , and   no   allowance for doubtful accounts was required as of   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Enable Midstream Partners, LP 
    
  On February 18, 2016, in connection with the closing of the private placement of   14,520,000   Series A Preferred Units and pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the General Partner adopted the Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership which, among other things, authorized and established the terms of the Series A Preferred Units and the other series of preferred units that are issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Units. For further information related to the issuance of the Series A Preferred Units, see Note 4.   
    
  Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Enable Midstream Partners, LP 
    
  On June 22, 2016, the General Partner adopted the Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership (the Partnership Agreement), which changed the last permitted distribution date with respect to each fiscal quarter from   45   days following the close of such quarter to   60   days following the close of such quarter.  

(2) New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605),  and requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) Deferral of the Effective Date,  which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to December 15, 2017 for annual reporting periods beginning after that date. The FASB also proposed permitting early adoption of the standard, but not before the original effective date of December 15, 2016.  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) . ASU No. 2016-08 requires an entity to determine whether the nature of its promise is to provide the specified good or service itself (i.e., the entity is a principal) or to arrange for that good or service to be provided by the other party (i.e., the entity is an agent) when another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer. Additionally, the amendments in this ASU require an entity that is a principal to recognize revenue in the gross amount of consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for the specified good or service transferred to the customer, and require an entity that is an agent to recognize revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified good or service to be provided by the other party.  
    
  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing . The amendments in ASU No. 2016-10 impact entities with transactions that include contracts with customers to transfer goods or services (that are an output of the entity s ordinary activities) in exchange for consideration, and they require entities to recognize revenue by following certain steps, including (1) identifying the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identifying the performance obligations in a contract; (3) determining the transaction price; (4) allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognizing revenue when, or as, the entity satisfies a performance obligation. Notably, ASU No. 2016-10 does not impact the core revenue recognition principles set forth in Topic 606, but rather clarifies the identification of performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles for those areas.  

10 

     Table of Contents  

The Partnership is currently evaluating the impact, if any, the adoption of these revenue standards will have on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. In connection with  our assessment work, we formed an implementation work team, completed training on the ASU No. 2016-10 revenue recognition model and are continuing our review of contracts with our customers relative to the provisions of these revenue standards. 
    
  Leases 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).  This standard requires, among other things, that lessees recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: (1) a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (2) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. Lessees and lessors must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The Partnership expects to adopt this standard in the first quarter of 2019 and is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. In connection with our assessment work, we formed an implementation work team and are continuing our review of our contracts relative to the provisions of the lease standard. 
    
  Share-Based Compensation  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718).  This standard makes several modifications to Topic 718 related to the accounting for forfeitures, employer tax withholding on share-based compensation and the financial statement presentation of excess tax benefits or deficiencies. ASU 2016-09 also clarifies the statement of cash flows presentation for certain components of share-based awards. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, although early adoption is permitted. The Partnership will adopt the amendment in the fourth quarter of 2016 and has determined the adoption of this standard will not have a material impact on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures.  
    
  Financial Instruments Credit Losses 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  This standard requires entities to measure all expected credit losses of financial assets held at a reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts in order to record credit losses in a more timely matter. ASU 2016-13 also amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, although early adoption is permitted for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Partnership is currently evaluating the impact, if any, the adoption of this standard will have on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures.  
    
  Statement of Cash Flows 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  This standard is intended to reduce existing diversity in practice in how certain transactions are presented on the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, although early adoption is permitted. The Partnership is currently evaluating the impact, if any, the adoption of this standard will have on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures.  

11 

Table of Contents  

(3) Earnings Per Limited Partner Unit 
    
  The following table illustrates the Partnership s calculation of earnings per unit for common and subordinated units:  

There was   no   dilutive effect of Series A Preferred Units during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The dilutive effect of the unit-based awards discussed in Note 13 was less than   $0.01   per unit during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

12 

Table of Contents  

(4) Partners  Equity 
    
  The Partnership Agreement requires that, within   60   days subsequent to the end of each quarter, the Partnership distribute all of its available cash (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) to unitholders of record on the applicable record date.  
    
  The Partnership paid or has authorized payment of the following cash distributions to common and subordinated unitholders   during   2015   and   2016   (in millions, except for per unit amounts): 

_____________________ 
     
  The Partnership paid or has authorized payment of the following cash distributions to holders of the Series A Preferred Units  during   2016   (in millions, except for per unit amounts): 

_____________________ 
            (2) 
    The prorated quarterly distribution for the Series A Preferred Units is for a partial period beginning on February 18, 2016, and ending on March 31, 2016, which equates to   $0.625   per unit on a full-quarter basis or   $2.50   per unit on an annualized basis. 
       
  General Partner Interest and Incentive Distribution Rights 
    
  Enable GP owns a non-economic general partner interest in the Partnership and thus will not be entitled to distributions that the Partnership makes prior to the liquidation of the Partnership in respect of such general partner interest. Enable GP currently holds incentive distribution rights that entitle it to receive increasing percentages, up to a maximum of   50.0%  , of the cash the Partnership distributes from operating surplus (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) in excess of   $0.330625   per unit per quarter. The maximum distribution of   50.0%   does not include any distributions that Enable GP or its affiliates may receive on common units or subordinated units that they own. 

13 

     Table of Contents  

Subordinated Units 
    
  Subordinated Unit Ownership 
    
  All subordinated units are held by CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy. These units are considered subordinated because for a period of time, defined by the Partnership Agreement as the subordination period, the subordinated units will not be entitled to receive any distributions until the common units have received distributions of available cash each quarter from operating surplus in an amount equal to   $0.2875   per common unit, which amount is defined in the Partnership Agreement as the minimum quarterly distribution, plus any arrearages on minimum quarterly distributions on the common units from prior quarters, before any distributions of available cash from operating surplus may be made on the subordinated units. In addition, during the subordination period, the subordinated units are not entitled to arrearages on minimum quarterly distributions. On the expiration of the subordination period, the subordinated units will convert to common units on a one-for-one basis.  
    
  Subordination Period 
    
  The subordination period began on the closing date of the Offering and expires on the first business day after the date on which the following tests are met: (1) distributions of available cash from operating surplus (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) on each of the outstanding common units and subordinated units equal or exceed   $1.15   per unit (the annualized minimum quarterly distribution) for each of the three consecutive, non-overlapping four-quarter periods immediately preceding June 30, 2017 and (2) the adjusted operating surplus for each of the three consecutive, non-overlapping four-quarter periods immediately preceding such date equaled or exceeded the sum of the minimum quarterly distribution on all common units and subordinated units that were outstanding during such periods on a fully diluted weighted average basis. Also, if the Partnership has paid distributions of available cash from operating surplus on each of the outstanding common units and subordinated units equal to or exceeding   $1.725   per unit (  150%   of the annualized minimum quarterly distribution) and the related distribution on the incentive distribution rights, for any four-consecutive-quarter period ending on or after June 30, 2015, the subordination period will expire.  
    
  Series A Preferred Units 
    
  On February 18, 2016, the Partnership completed the private placement of   14,520,000   Series A Preferred Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership for a cash purchase price of   $25.00   per Series A Preferred Unit, resulting in proceeds of   $362 million  , net of issuance costs. The Partnership incurred approximately   $1 million   of expenses related to the offering, which is shown as an offset to the proceeds. In connection with the closing of the private placement, the Partnership redeemed approximately   $363 million   of notes scheduled to mature in 2017 payable to a wholly-owned subsidiary of CenterPoint Energy.  
    
  Pursuant to the   Partnership Agreement  , the Series A Preferred Units: 
             
    rank senior to the Partnership s common units with respect to the payment of distributions and distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution and winding up; 
                
    have no stated maturity; 
                
    are not subject to any sinking fund; and  
                
    will remain outstanding indefinitely unless repurchased or redeemed by the Partnership or converted into its common units in connection with a change of control.  
       
  Holders of the Series A Preferred Units receive a quarterly cash distribution on a non-cumulative basis if and when declared by the General Partner, and subject to certain adjustments, equal to an annual rate of:   10%   on the stated liquidation preference of   $25.00   from the date of original issue to, but not including, the   five   year anniversary of the original issue date; and thereafter a percentage of the stated liquidation preference equal to the sum of the three-month LIBOR plus   8.5%  .  
    
  At any time on or after   five   years after the original issue date, the Partnership may redeem the Series A Preferred Units, in whole or in part, from any source of funds legally available for such purpose, by paying   $25.50   per unit plus an amount equal to all accumulated and unpaid distributions thereon to the date of redemption, whether or not declared. In addition, the Partnership (or a third-party with its prior written consent) may redeem the Series A Preferred Units following certain changes in the methodology employed by ratings agencies, changes of control or fundamental transactions as set forth in the   Partnership Agreement  . If, upon a change of control or certain fundamental transactions, the Partnership (or a third-party with its prior written consent) does not exercise this option, then the holders of the Series A Preferred Units have the option to convert the Series A Preferred Units into a number of common units per Series A Preferred Unit as set forth in the   Partnership Agreement  . The Series  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

A Preferred Units are also required to be redeemed in certain circumstances if they are not eligible for trading on the New York Stock Exchange.  
    
  Holders of Series A Preferred Units have no voting rights except for limited voting rights with respect to potential amendments to the   Partnership Agreement   that have a material adverse effect on the existing terms of the Series A Preferred Units, the issuance by the Partnership of certain securities, approval of certain fundamental transactions and as required by law.  
    
  Upon the transfer of any Series A Preferred Unit to a non-affiliate of CenterPoint Energy, the Series A Preferred Units will automatically convert into a new series of preferred units (the Series B Preferred Units) on the later of the date of transfer and the second anniversary of the date of issue. The Series B Preferred Units will have the same terms as the Series A Preferred Units except that unpaid distributions on the Series B Preferred Units will accrue on a cumulative basis until paid.  
    
  On February 18, 2016, the Partnership entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with CenterPoint Energy, pursuant to which, among other things, the Partnership gave CenterPoint Energy certain rights to require the Partnership to file and maintain a registration statement with respect to the resale of the Series A Preferred Units and any other series of preferred units or common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership that are issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Units.  

(5)   Assessing Impairment of Long-lived Assets (including Intangible Assets) and Goodwill 
    
  Impairment of Long-lived Assets (including Intangible Assets) 
    
  The Partnership periodically evaluates long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, and specifically identifiable intangibles other than goodwill, when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. The determination of whether an impairment has occurred is based on an estimate of undiscounted cash flows attributable to the assets, as compared to the carrying value of the assets. During each of the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership recorded an   $8 million   impairment and during each of the   three and nine   months ended September 30, 2015, the Partnership recorded a   $6 million   impairment, to our Service Star business line, which is included in Impairments on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The Service Star business line is a component of our gathering and processing segment, that provides measurement and communication services to third parties. The 2016 impairment, which impaired substantially all of the remaining net book value of the Service Star business line, was primarily driven by the impact of planned technology changes affecting Service Star and in 2015, the impairment was primarily driven by the expected loss of customers by Service Star. During each of the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the Partnership recorded a   $12 million   impairment on jurisdictional pipelines in our transportation and storage segment. The Partnership recorded no other material impairments to long-lived assets in the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Based upon review of forecasted undiscounted cash flows, none of the other asset groups were at risk of failing step one of the impairment test. Further price declines, throughput declines, cost increases, regulatory or political environment changes, and other changes in market conditions could reduce forecast undiscounted cash flows. 
    
  Impairment of Goodwill 
    
  When the Partnership performed its goodwill impairment analysis as of October 1, 2015, the Partnership determined that goodwill was completely impaired in the amount of   $1,087 million  , which is included in Impairments on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . As a result, the Partnership did not have any goodwill recorded as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  .  

(6) Investment in Equity Method Affiliate 
    
  The Partnership uses the equity method of accounting for investments in entities in which it has an ownership interest between   20%   and   50%   and exercises significant influence.  
    
  For the period from December 31, 2014 through June 29, 2015, the Partnership held a   49.90%   interest in SESH. On June 12, 2015, CenterPoint Energy exercised its put right with respect to its remaining   0.1%   interest in SESH. Pursuant to the put right, on June 30, 2015, CenterPoint Energy contributed a   0.1%   interest in SESH to the Partnership in exchange for   25,341   common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership, which had a fair value of   $1 million   based upon the closing market price of the Partnership s common units. Spectra Energy Partners, LP owns the remaining   50%   interest in SESH. Pursuant to the terms of the SESH LLC Agreement, if, at any time, CenterPoint Energy has a right to receive less than   50%   of our distributions through its interest in the Partnership and its economic interest in Enable GP, or does not have the ability to exercise certain control  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

rights, Spectra Energy Partners, LP may, under certain circumstances, have the right to purchase our interest in SESH at fair market value. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership owned a   50%   interest in SESH. 
    
  The Partnership shares operations of SESH with Spectra Energy Partners, LP under service agreements. The Partnership is responsible for the field operations of SESH. SESH reimburses each party for actual costs incurred, which are billed based upon a combination of direct charges and allocations. The Partnership billed SESH   $3 million   and   $6 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $12 million   and   $10 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, associated with these service agreements. 
    
  Investment in Equity Method Affiliate: 

____________________ 
     
  Equity in Earnings of Equity Method Affiliate: 

Distributions from Equity Method Affiliate:   

Summarized financial information of SESH: 

16 

Table of Contents  

(7) Debt 
    
  The following table presents the Partnership s outstanding debt as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .   

___________________ 
     
  Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  On June 18, 2015, the Partnership amended and restated its Revolving Credit Facility to, among other things, increase the borrowing capacity thereunder to   $1.75 billion   and extend its maturity date to June 18, 2020. As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $755 million   of principal advances and   $3 million   in letters of credit outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility.   The weighted average interest rate of the Revolving Credit Facility was   2.03%   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The Revolving Credit Facility provides that outstanding borrowings bear interest at LIBOR and/or an alternate base rate, at the Partnership s election, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin is based on the Partnership s applicable credit ratings. As of   September 30, 2016  , the applicable margin for LIBOR-based borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility was   1.50%   based on the Partnership s credit ratings. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility requires the Partnership to pay a fee on unused commitments. The commitment fee is based on the Partnership s applicable credit rating from the rating agencies. As of   September 30, 2016  , the commitment fee under the Revolving Credit Facility was   0.20%   per annum based on the Partnership s credit ratings. The commitment fee is recorded as interest expense in the Partnership s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.   
    
  Commercial Paper 
    
  The Partnership has a commercial paper program, pursuant to which the Partnership is authorized to issue up to   $1.4 billion   of commercial paper. The commercial paper program is supported by our Revolving Credit Facility, and outstanding commercial paper effectively reduces our borrowing capacity thereunder. There was   zero   and   $236 million   outstanding under our commercial paper program as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.   On February 2, 2016, Standard   Poor s Ratings Services lowered its credit rating on the Partnership from an investment grade rating to a non-investment grade rating. The short-term rating on the Partnership was also reduced from an investment grade rating to a non-investment grade rating. As a result of the downgrade, the Partnership repaid its outstanding borrowings under the commercial program upon maturity and did not issue any additional commercial paper.  

17 

     Table of Contents  

Term Loan Agreement 
    
  On July 31, 2015, the Partnership entered into a Term Loan Agreement, providing for an unsecured   three  -year   $450 million   term loan agreement (2015 Term Loan Agreement). The entire   $450 million   principal amount of the 2015 Term Loan Agreement was borrowed by the Partnership on July 31, 2015. The 2015 Term Loan Agreement contains an option, which may be exercised up to   two   times, to extend the term of the 2015 Term Loan Agreement, in each case, for an additional   one  -year term. The 2015 Term Loan Agreement provides an option to prepay, without penalty or premium, the amount outstanding, or any portion thereof, in a minimum amount of   $1 million  , or any multiple of   $0.5 million   in excess thereof. As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $450 million   outstanding under the 2015 Term Loan Agreement.   As of   September 30, 2016  , the weighted average interest rate of the 2015 Term Loan Agreement was   1.83%  . 
    
  The 2015 Term Loan Agreement provides that outstanding borrowings bear interest at LIBOR and/or an alternate base rate, at the Partnership s election, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin is based on our applicable credit ratings. As of     September 30, 2016  , the applicable margin for LIBOR-based borrowings under the term loan agreement was   1.375%   based on the Partnership s credit ratings.    
    
  Senior Notes 
    
  In connection with the issuance of the 2019 Notes, 2024 Notes and 2044 Notes, the Partnership, CenterPoint Energy Resources Corp., as guarantor of the 2019 Notes and the 2024 Notes, and RBS Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, as representatives of the initial purchasers, entered into a registration rights agreement whereby the Partnership and the guarantor agreed to file with the SEC a registration statement relating to a registered offer to exchange the 2019 Notes, 2024 Notes and 2044 Notes for new series of the Partnership s notes in the same aggregate principal amount as, and with terms substantially identical in all respects to, the 2019 Notes, 2024 Notes and 2044 Notes. On December 29, 2015, the Partnership completed the exchange offer.  
    
  A wholly owned subsidiary of CenterPoint Energy guaranteed collection of the Partnership s obligations under the 2019 Notes and the 2024 Notes, which expired on May 1, 2016.   
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership s debt included EOIT s   $250 million     6.25%   senior notes due   March 2020   (the EOIT Senior Notes). The EOIT Senior Notes have a   $20 million   unamortized premium at   September 30, 2016  , resulting in an effective interest rate of   5.80%  , during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . These senior notes do not contain any financial covenants other than a limitation on liens. This limitation on liens is subject to certain exceptions and qualifications.  
    
  Financing Costs 
    
  Unamortized debt expense of   $16 million   and   $18 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, is classified as either a reduction to Long-Term Debt or Other Assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and is being amortized over the life of the respective debt. Unamortized premium, net of unamortized discount on long-term debt of   $19 million   and   $23 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, is classified as either Long-Term Debt or Short-Term Debt, consistent with the underlying debt instrument, in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and is being amortized over the life of the respective debt. 
    
   As of   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership and EOIT were in compliance with all of their debt agreements, including financial covenants. 

(8) Fair Value Measurements 
    
  Certain assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their value. Hierarchical levels, as defined below and directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to fair valuations of these assets and liabilities are as follows: 
    
  Level 1: Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. Instruments classified as Level 1 include natural gas futures, swaps and options transactions for contracts traded on the NYMEX and settled through a NYMEX clearing broker. 

18 

Level 2: Inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability. Fair value assets and liabilities that are generally included in this category are derivatives with fair values based on inputs from actively quoted markets. Instruments classified as Level 2 include over-the-counter NYMEX natural gas swaps, natural gas basis swaps and natural gas purchase and sales transactions in markets such that the pricing is closely related to the NYMEX pricing, and over-the-counter WTI crude swaps for condensate sales. 
    
  Level 3: Inputs are unobservable for the asset or liability, and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs reflect the Partnership s judgments about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability since limited market data exists. The Partnership develops these inputs based on the best information available, including the Partnership s own data. 
    
  The Partnership utilizes the market approach in determining the fair value of its derivative positions by using either NYMEX or WTI published market prices, independent broker pricing data or broker/dealer valuations. The valuations of derivatives with pricing based on NYMEX published market prices may be considered Level 1 if they are settled through a NYMEX clearing broker account with daily margining. Over-the-counter derivatives with NYMEX or WTI based prices are considered Level 2 due to the impact of counterparty credit risk. Valuations based on independent broker pricing or broker/dealer valuations may be classified as Level 2 only to the extent they may be validated by an additional source of independent market data for an identical or closely related active market. In certain less liquid markets or for longer-term contracts, forward prices are not as readily available. In these circumstances, contracts are valued using internally developed methodologies that consider historical relationships among various quoted prices in active markets that result in management s best estimate of fair value. These contracts are classified as Level 3. 
    
  The Partnership determines the appropriate level for each financial asset and liability on a quarterly basis and recognizes transfers between levels at the end of the reporting period. For the period ended   September 30, 2016  , there were no transfers between Level 1, 2, and 3 investments.   
    
  The impact to the fair value of derivatives due to credit risk is calculated using the probability of default based on Standard   Poor s Ratings Services and/or internally generated ratings. The fair value of derivative assets is adjusted for credit risk. The fair value of derivative liabilities is adjusted for credit risk only if the impact is deemed material. 
    
  Contracts with Master Netting Arrangements 
    
  Fair value amounts recognized for forward, interest rate swap, option and other conditional or exchange contracts executed with the same counterparty under a master netting arrangement may be offset. The reporting entity s choice to offset or not must be applied consistently. A master netting arrangement exists if the reporting entity has multiple contracts, whether for the same type of conditional or exchange contract or for different types of contracts, with a single counterparty that are subject to a contractual agreement that provides for the net settlement of all contracts through a single payment in a single currency in the event of default on or termination of any one contract. Offsetting the fair values recognized for forward, interest rate swap, option and other conditional or exchange contracts outstanding with a single counterparty results in the net fair value of the transactions being reported as an asset or a liability in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Partnership has presented the fair values of its derivative contracts under master netting agreements using a net fair value presentation.  
    
  The following tables summarize the Partnership s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

19 

______________________ 
           (1) 
    The Partnership uses the market approach to fair value its gas imbalance assets and liabilities at individual, or where appropriate an average of, current market indices applicable to the Partnership s operations, not to exceed net realizable value. Gas imbalances held by EOIT are valued using an average of the Inside FERC Gas Market Report for Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Co. (Texas, Oklahoma Mainline), ONEOK (Oklahoma) and ANR Pipeline (Oklahoma) indices. There were no netting adjustments as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
              (2) 
    Gas imbalance assets exclude fuel reserves for under retained fuel due from shippers of   $3 million   and   $6 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, which fuel reserves are based on the value of natural gas at the time the imbalance was created and which are not subject to revaluation at fair market value. 
              (3) 
    Gas imbalance liabilities exclude fuel reserves for over retained fuel due to shippers of   $6 million   and   $5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, which fuel reserves are based on the value of natural gas at the time the imbalance was created and which are not subject to revaluation at fair market value. 
       
  Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
    
  The following table provides a reconciliation of changes in the fair value of our Level 3 commodity contracts between the periods presented. 

Quantitative Information on Level 3 Fair Value Measurements  
    
  The Partnership utilizes the market approach to measure the fair value of our commodity contracts. The significant unobservable inputs used in this approach to fair value are longer dated price quotes. Our sensitivity to these longer dated forward curve prices are presented in the table below. Significant changes in any of those inputs in isolation would result in significantly different fair value measurements, depending on our short or long position in contracts. 

20 

Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  The fair values of all accounts receivable, notes receivable, accounts payable, commercial paper, and other such financial instruments on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets are estimated to be approximately equivalent to their carrying amounts and have been excluded from the table below. The following table summarizes the fair value and carrying amount of the Partnership s financial instruments as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

___________________ 
           (1) 
    Borrowing capacity is effectively reduced by our borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program. There was   zero   and   $236 million   of commercial paper outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
       
  The fair value of the Partnership s Long-term notes payable affiliated companies, Revolving Credit Facility, and 2015 Term Loan Agreement, along with the EOIT Senior Notes and Enable Midstream Partners, LP 2019, 2024 and 2044 Notes, is based on quoted market prices and estimates of current rates available for similar issues with similar maturities and is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  Non-Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
    
  Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis, but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (e.g., when there is evidence of impairment). 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , no other material fair value adjustments or fair value measurements were required for these non-financial assets or liabilities, with the exception of those discussed in Note 5. 

(9) Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
    
  The Partnership is exposed to certain risks relating to its ongoing business operations. The primary risk managed using derivative instruments is commodity price risk. The Partnership is also exposed to credit risk in its business operations. 
    
  Commodity Price Risk 
    
  The Partnership has used forward physical contracts, commodity price swap contracts and commodity price option features to manage the Partnership s commodity price risk exposures in the past. Commodity derivative instruments used by the Partnership are as follows: 
             
    NGL put options, NGL futures and swaps, and WTI crude oil futures and swaps for condensate sales are used to manage the Partnership s NGL and condensate exposure associated with its processing agreements and asset management activities; 
                
    natural gas futures and swaps are used to manage the Partnership s natural gas exposure associated with its gathering, processing and transportation and storage assets; and 
                
    natural gas futures and swaps, natural gas options and natural gas commodity purchases and sales are used to manage the Partnership s natural gas exposure associated with its storage and transportation contracts and asset management activities. 
     
   21 

     Table of Contents  

Normal purchases and normal sales contracts are not recorded in Other Assets or Liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and earnings are recognized and recorded in the period in which physical delivery of the commodity occurs. Management applies normal purchases and normal sales treatment to: (i) commodity contracts for the purchase and sale of natural gas used in or produced by the Partnership s operations and (ii) commodity contracts for the purchase and sale of NGLs produced by the Partnership s gathering and processing business. 
    
  The Partnership recognizes its non-exchange traded derivative instruments as Other Assets or Liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with such amounts classified as current or long-term based on their anticipated settlement. Exchange traded transactions are settled on a net basis daily through margin accounts with a clearing broker and, therefore, are recorded at fair value on a net basis in Other Current Assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Partnership had   no   derivative instruments that were designated as cash flow or fair value hedges for accounting purposes.   
    
  Credit Risk 
    
  The Partnership is exposed to certain credit risks relating to its ongoing business operations. Credit risk includes the risk that counterparties that owe the Partnership money or energy will breach their obligations. If the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, the Partnership may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements. In that event, the Partnership s financial results could be adversely affected, and the Partnership could incur losses. 
    
  Derivatives Not Designated As Hedging Instruments 
    
  Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes are utilized in the Partnership s asset management activities. For derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, the gain or loss on the derivative is recognized currently in earnings. 
    
  Quantitative Disclosures Related to Derivative Instruments 
    
  The majority of natural gas physical purchases and sales not designated as hedges for accounting purposes are priced based on a monthly or daily index, and the fair value is subject to little or no market price risk. Natural gas physical sales volumes exceed natural gas physical purchase volumes due to the marketing of natural gas volumes purchased via the Partnership s processing contracts, which are not derivative instruments. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Partnership had the following derivative instruments that were not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes: 

____________________ 
           (1) 
    As of   September 30, 2016  ,   94.0%   of the natural gas contracts had durations of one year or less and   6.0%   had durations of more than one year and less than two years. As of   December 31, 2015  ,   97.7%   of the natural gas contracts had durations of one year or less and   2.3%   had durations of more than one year and less than two years. 
      
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Balance Sheet Presentation Related to Derivative Instruments 
    
  The fair value of the derivative instruments that are presented in the Partnership s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   that were not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes are as follows: 

September 30, 2016 
      
    December 31, 2015 

Fair Value 
      Instrument 
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    Assets 
      
    Liabilities 
      
    Assets 
      
    Liabilities 

(In millions) 
      Natural gas 

Financial futures/swaps 
    Other Current 
      
    $ 
    2 

$ 
    9 

$ 
    17 

$ 
    3 
      
      Physical purchases/sales 
    Other Current 

1 

Crude Oil (for condensate) 

Financial futures/swaps 
    Other Current 
      
    1 

1 

9 

Natural gas liquids 

Financial Futures/swaps 
    Other Current 

5 

4 

Total gross derivatives    (1)  

$ 
    3 

$ 
    15 

$ 
    31 

$ 
    3 

_____________________ 
           (1) 
    See Note 8 for a reconciliation of the Partnership s total derivatives fair value to the Partnership s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
       
  Income Statement Presentation Related to Derivative Instruments 
    
  The following table presents the effect of derivative instruments on the Partnership s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015. 

For derivatives not designated as hedges in the tables above, amounts recognized in income for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , if any, are reported in Product Sales. 

23 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the components of gain (loss) on derivative activity in the Partnership s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Credit-Risk Related Contingent Features in Derivative Instruments 
    
  Based upon the Partnership s senior unsecured debt rating with Moody s Investors Services or Standard   Poor s Ratings Services, the Partnership could be required to provide credit assurances to third parties, which could include letters of credit or cash collateral to satisfy its obligation under its financial and physical contracts relating to derivative instruments that are in a net liability position. As of   September 30, 2016  , under these obligations,   no   cash collateral has been posted. However, based on positions as of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $2 million   of additional collateral may be required to be posted by the Partnership. 

(10)     Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 
    
  The following table provides information regarding supplemental cash flow information: 

Nine Months Ended   September 30, 
        
    2016 
      
    2015 
        
    (In millions) 
      Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash Payments: 

Interest, net of capitalized interest 
    $ 
    67 

$ 
    61 
      
      Income taxes, net of refunds 
    1 

2 
      
      Non-cash transactions: 

Accounts payable related to capital expenditures 
    32 

66 
      
      Issuance of common units upon interest acquisition of SESH (Note 6) 

1 

(11) Related Party Transactions 
    
  The material related party transactions with CenterPoint Energy, OGE Energy and their respective subsidiaries are summarized below. There were no material related party transactions with other affiliates. 

24 

     Table of Contents  

The Partnership s revenues from affiliated companies accounted for   6%   and   6%   of revenues during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and    7%   and   7%   of revenues during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Amounts of revenues from affiliated companies included in the Partnership s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income are summarized as follows: 

Amounts of natural gas purchased from affiliated companies included in the Partnership s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income are summarized as follows: 

Prior to May 1, 2013, the Partnership had employees and reflected the associated benefit costs directly and not as corporate services. Under the terms of the MFA, effective May 1, 2013 the Partnership s employees were seconded by CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy, and the Partnership began reimbursing each of CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy for all employee costs under the seconding agreements until the seconded employees transition from CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy to the Partnership. The Partnership transitioned seconded employees from CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy to the Partnership effective January 1, 2015, except for certain employees who are participants under OGE Energy s defined benefit and retiree medical plans, who will remain seconded to the Partnership, subject to certain termination rights of the Partnership and OGE Energy. The Partnership s reimbursement of OGE Energy for employee costs arising out of OGE Energy s defined benefit and retiree medical plans is fixed at   $6 million   in 2016,   $5 million   in 2017, and at actual cost subject to a cap of   $5 million   in 2018 and thereafter, in the event of continued secondment.  
    
  Prior to May 1, 2013, the Partnership received certain services and support functions from CenterPoint Energy described below. Under the terms of the MFA, effective May 1, 2013, the Partnership receives services and support functions from each of CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy under service agreements for an initial term that ended on April 30, 2016. The service agreements automatically extend year-to-year at the end of the initial term, unless terminated by the Partnership with at least   90   days  notice prior to the end of any extension. Additionally, the Partnership may terminate these service agreements at any time with   180   days  notice, if approved by the Board of Enable GP. The Partnership reimburses CenterPoint Energy and OGE Energy for these services up to annual caps, which for 2016 are   $7 million   and   $6 million  , respectively. 

25 

     Table of Contents  

Amounts charged to the Partnership by affiliates for seconded employees and corporate services, included primarily in Operation and maintenance and General and administrative expenses in the Partnership s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income are as follows: 

The Partnership had outstanding long-term notes payable affiliated companies to CenterPoint Energy at   December 31, 2015   of   $363 million  , which were scheduled to mature in   2017  . On February 18, 2016, in connection with the private placement of the Series A Preferred Units, the Partnership redeemed the   $363 million   of notes payable affiliated companies payable to a subsidiary of CenterPoint Energy.  
    
  The Partnership recorded affiliated interest expense to CenterPoint Energy on notes payable affiliated companies of   zero   and   $2 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $1 million   and   $6 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  On February 18, 2016, the Partnership completed the private placement, with CenterPoint Energy, of   14,520,000   Series A Preferred Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership for a cash purchase price of   $25.00   per Series A Preferred Unit, resulting in proceeds of   $362 million  , net of issuance costs. See Note 4 for further discussion. 

(12) Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  The Partnership is involved in legal, environmental, tax and regulatory proceedings before various courts, regulatory commissions and governmental agencies regarding matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Some of these proceedings involve substantial amounts. The Partnership regularly analyzes current information and, as necessary, provides accruals for probable liabilities on the eventual disposition of these matters. The Partnership does not expect the disposition of these matters to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

(13) Equity Based Compensation 
    
  The following table summarizes the Partnership s compensation expense for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   related to performance units, restricted units, and phantom units for the Partnership s employees and independent directors: 

26 

     Table of Contents  

Units Outstanding 
    
  The Partnership periodically grants performance units, restricted units, and phantom units to certain employees under the Enable Midstream Partners, LP Long Term Incentive Plan. A summary of the activity for the Partnership s performance units, restricted units, and phantom units applicable to the Partnership s employees at   September 30, 2016   and changes during   2016   are shown in the following table. 

Unrecognized Compensation Cost 
    
  A summary of the Partnership s unrecognized compensation cost for its non-vested performance units, restricted units, and phantom units, and the weighted-average periods over which the compensation cost is expected to be recognized are shown in the following table.  

As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   9,292,500   units available for issuance under the long term incentive plan.   

(14) Reportable Segments 
    
  The Partnership s determination of reportable segments considers the strategic operating units under which it manages sales, allocates resources and assesses performance of various products and services to customers in differing regulatory environments. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies excerpt in the Partnership s audited   2015   combined and consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report. The Partnership uses operating income as the measure of profit or loss for its reportable segments. 
    
  The Partnership s assets and operations are organized into   two   reportable segments: (i) Gathering and Processing, which primarily provides natural gas gathering, processing and fractionation services and crude oil gathering for our producer customers, and (ii) Transportation and Storage, which provides interstate and intrastate natural gas pipeline transportation and storage service primarily to natural gas producers, utilities and industrial customers.  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Financial data for reportable segments are as follows: 

28 

     Table of Contents  

_____________________ 
           (1) 
    See Note 6 for discussion regarding ownership interests in SESH and related equity earnings included in the Transportation and Storage segment for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

29 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included herein and our audited combined and consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,   2015  , included in our Annual Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. The forward-looking statements are dependent upon events, risks and uncertainties that may be outside our control. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Please read  Forward-Looking Statements.  In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed may not occur. 
    
  Overview 
    
  We are a large-scale, growth-oriented publicly traded Delaware limited partnership formed to own, operate and develop strategically located natural gas and crude oil infrastructure assets. We serve current and emerging production areas in the United States, including several unconventional shale resource plays and local and regional end-user markets in the United States. Our assets and operations are organized into two reportable segments: (i) Gathering and Processing, which primarily provides natural gas gathering, processing and fractionation services and crude oil gathering for our producer customers, and (ii) Transportation and Storage, which provides interstate and intrastate natural gas pipeline transportation and storage services primarily to natural gas producers, utilities and industrial customers.  
    
  Our natural gas gathering and processing assets are located in Oklahoma, Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana and Mississippi and serve natural gas production in the Anadarko, Arkoma and Ark-La-Tex basins. We also own a crude oil gathering business located in North Dakota to serve shale development in the Bakken Shale formation of the Williston Basin. Our natural gas transportation and storage assets extend from western Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle to Alabama and from Louisiana to Illinois.   
    
  We expect our business to continue to be affected by the key trends included in our Annual Report.   Our expectations are based on assumptions made by us and information currently available to us.   To the extent our underlying assumptions about, or interpretations of, available information prove to be incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from our expected results. 
    
  How We Evaluate Our Operations 
    
  Gross Margin 
    
  We use gross margin as a performance measure to analyze the aggregate core profitability of our customer arrangements. We define gross margin as total revenues minus costs of natural gas and natural gas liquids, excluding depreciation and amortization. Total revenues consist of the fees that we charge our customers and the sales price of natural gas and natural liquids that we sell. The cost of natural gas and natural gas liquids consists of the purchase price of natural gas and natural gas liquids that we purchase. We deduct the cost of natural gas and natural gas liquids from total revenue to arrive at a measure of the core profitability of our mix of fee-based and commodity-based customer arrangements. Please read   Results of Operations  and   Non-GAAP Financial Measures  below. 
    
  The following table shows the components of our gross margin for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

30 

Table of Contents  

Recent Developments 
    
  Construction update 
    
  The Bradley II Plant, a 200 MMcf/d cryogenic processing facility located in Grady County, Oklahoma, was placed in service in the second quarter of 2016 and began full commercial operations in July 2016. We constructed the Bradley II plant to serve producers in the Anadarko basin, and the plant is connected to our super-header processing system. 
    
  During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, we elected to delay the scheduled completion of the Wildhorse Plant, on which construction began in the third quarter of 2015. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have incurred total costs of approximately $115 million in connection with the engineering, site preparation and the purchase and delivery of equipment for the plant. We anticipate that we will complete the construction of the plant once the plant s capacity is necessary to accommodate anticipated volume increases.  We expect that the plant will be in service no sooner than the fourth quarter of 2017. 
    
  Distribution Reinvestment Program 
    
  In June 2016, the Partnership implemented a Distribution Reinvestment Plan (DRIP), which, beginning with the quarterly distribution for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, offers owners of our common and subordinated units the ability to purchase additional common units by reinvesting all or a portion of the cash distributions paid to them on their common or subordinated units. The Partnership will have the sole discretion to determine whether common units purchased under the DRIP will come from our newly issued common units or from common units purchased on the open market. The purchase price for newly issued common units will be the average of the high and low trading prices of the common units on the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transactions for the five trading days immediately preceding the investment date. The purchase price for common units purchased on the open market will be the weighted average price of all common units purchased for the DRIP for the respective investment date. We can set a discount ranging from 0% to 5% for common units purchased pursuant to the DRIP. The discount is currently set at 0%. Participation in the DRIP is voluntary, and once enrolled, our unitholders may terminate participation at any time.    

Results of Operations 
    
  The following tables summarize the key components of our results of operations for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

31 

     Table of Contents  

32 

     Table of Contents  

_____________________ 
           (1) 
    Gross margin is a non-GAAP measure and is defined and reconciled to its most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented below under the caption Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 

33 

     Table of Contents  

_____________________ 
           (1) 
    Excludes condensate. 
              (2) 
    NGLs sold includes volumes of NGLs withdrawn from inventory or purchased for system balancing purposes. 
       
  Gathering and Processing  
    
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   compared to   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Our gathering and processing segment reported operating income of   $77 million   in the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to an operating loss of   $429 million   in the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The difference of   $506 million   in operating income between periods was primarily due to $514 million of impairments recognized in the third quarter of 2015 related to goodwill and long-lived assets, compared to $8 million of impairments recognized in the third quarter of 2016 related to long-lived assets. In addition, there was a   $12 million     decrease   in operation and maintenance and general and administrative expenses, offset by a   $12 million     decrease   in gross margin during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .   
    
  Our gathering and processing segment revenues   decrease  d   $1 million  . The decrease was primarily due to a $10 million reduction in revenues from sales of natural gas as a result of lower average natural gas prices, $7 million in changes in the fair value of condensate and NGL derivatives and a $1 million decrease in revenues on third party measurement and communication services during the third quarter of 2016 as well as one-time project reimbursements of $8 million recognized in the third quarter of 2015. These decreases were partially offset by a $14 million increase in revenues from sales of NGLs as a result of higher average NGL prices, a $9 million increase in natural gas gathering revenues due to higher gathering fees in the Anadarko basin  and increased billings under minimum volume commitments and a $3 million increase in crude oil gathering revenues due to higher gathered volumes in the Williston basin. 
    
  Our gathering and processing segment gross margin   decrease  d   $12 million  . The decrease was primarily due to $7 million in changes to the fair value of condensate and NGL derivatives and a $3 million decrease in processing margins resulting from lower NGL volumes sold in the Anadarko and Ark-La-Tex basins, which were partially offset by higher average NGL prices, a $3 million decrease in natural gas gathering margins due to lower average natural gas prices, and a $1 million decrease in revenues on third party measurement and communication services during the third quarter of 2016 as well as one-time project reimbursements of $8 million recognized in the third quarter of 2015. These decreases were partially offset by a $3 million increase in crude oil gathering margins due to higher gathered volumes in the Williston basin and a $7 million increase in natural gas gathering margins primarily due to increased billings under minimum volume commitments.  
    
  Our gathering and processing segment operation and maintenance and general and administrative expenses   decrease  d   $12 million  . The decrease was primarily due to cost reduction efforts, including a $5 million decrease in payroll related costs, a $2 million reduction in equipment rentals and a $1 million reduction in other operating costs as well as a $1 million decrease in severance charges related to workforce reductions announced in 2015. Additionally, one-time project reimbursement expenses of $5 million were recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2015 for which there were no comparable expenses in the three months ended September 30, 2016. These decreases were partially offset by increased losses on the disposition of assets of $2 million.  
    
  Our gathering and processing segment recognized impairments of $8 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $514 million of impairments in the three months ended September 30, 2015. In the third quarter of 2016, we  
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

recognized impairments of $8 million on our Service Star business line as compared to the third quarter of 2015, in which we recognized $6 million of impairments related to our Service Star business line. Additionally, in the third quarter of 2015, we determined that the carrying value of goodwill associated with the gathering and processing reportable segment was completely impaired and as a result recognized an impairment of $508 million.  
    
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Our gathering and processing segment reported operating income of   $142 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to an operating loss of   $326 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The difference of   $468 million   in operating income between periods was primarily due to $514 million of impairments recognized in the third quarter of 2015 related to goodwill and long-lived assets, compared to $8 million of impairments recognized in the third quarter of 2016 related to long-lived assets, a   $24 million     decrease   in operation and maintenance and general and administrative expenses. These increases were partially offset by a   $48 million     decrease   in gross margin, a   $13 million     increase   in depreciation and amortization and a   $1 million     increase   in taxes other than income tax during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .   
    
  Our gathering and processing segment revenues   decrease  d   $104 million  . The decrease was primarily due to a $70 million reduction in revenues from sales of natural gas as a result of lower average natural gas prices and lower gathered volumes, $23 million in changes to the fair value of condensate and NGL derivatives and a $15 million decrease in revenues from NGL sales resulting from lower average NGL prices in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as well as one-time project reimbursements of $12 million recognized in the third quarter of 2015. These decreases were partially offset by a $15 million increase in crude oil gathering revenues due to higher gathered volumes in the Williston basin. 
    
  Our gathering and processing segment gross margin   decrease  d   $48 million  . The decrease was primarily due to $23 million in changes in the fair value of condensate and NGL derivatives, an $18 million decrease in processing margins resulting from lower average NGL prices and lower processed volumes in the Ark-La-Tex basin offset by higher processed volumes in the Anadarko basin, a $13 million decrease in natural gas sales due to lower average natural gas prices, a $2 million decrease in third party measurement and communication services and a $1 million decrease in natural gas gathering margins as a result of lower gathered volumes, net of increased billings under minimum volume commitments. Additionally, there was a decrease of $12 million related to one-time project reimbursements during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. These decreases were partially offset by a $9 million increase in the imbalance receivable associated with our annual fuel rate determination and a $12 million increase in crude oil gathering margin due to higher gathered volumes in the Williston basin.   
    
  Our gathering and processing segment operation and maintenance and general and administrative expenses   decrease  d   $24 million  . The decrease was primarily due to cost reduction efforts, including a $6 million decrease in employee expenses, a $4 million reduction in materials and supplies costs, a $4 million reduction in equipment rentals, a $3 million decrease in payroll related costs and a $5 million reduction of other operating costs as well as a $3 million decrease in severance charges related to workforce reductions announced in 2015. Additionally, one-time project reimbursement expenses of $5 million were recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 for which there were no comparable expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. These decreases were partially offset by $4 million in increased losses on the disposition of assets and a $2 million increase in allowance for doubtful accounts. 
    
  Our gathering and processing segment depreciation and amortization   increase  d   $13 million   due to additional assets placed in service. 
    
  Our gathering and processing segment recognized impairments of $8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $514 million of impairments in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. In the third quarter of 2016, we recognized impairments of $8 million on our Service Star business line as compared to the third quarter of 2015, in which we recognized $6 million of impairments related to our Service Star business line. Additionally, in the third quarter of 2015, we determined that the carrying value of goodwill associated with the gathering and processing reportable segment was completely impaired and as a result recognized an impairment of $508 million.  
    
  Our gathering and processing segment taxes other than income tax   increase  d   $1 million   due to higher estimated ad valorem taxes. 
    
  Transportation and Storage 
    
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   compared to   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Our transportation and storage segment reported operating income of   $62 million   in the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to an operating loss of   $546 million   in the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The difference of   $608 million   of operating income between periods was primarily due to   $591 million   of impairments recognized in the third quarter of 2015 related to goodwill and long- 
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

lived assets, a   $9 million     decrease   in operation and maintenance and general and administrative expenses, a   $6 million     increase   in gross margin and a   $2 million     decrease   in taxes other than income tax for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .   
    
  Our transportation and storage segment revenues   decrease  d   $14 million  . The decrease was primarily due to a $24 million decrease in revenues from natural gas sales associated with lower sales volumes and lower average sales prices. These decreases were partially offset by $8 million in changes to the fair value of natural gas derivatives, a $1 million increase in transportation services for local distribution companies and $1 million of higher revenues from off-system transportation. 
    
  Our transportation and storage segment gross margin   increase  d   $6 million  . The increase was primarily due to $8 million of changes in the fair value of natural gas derivatives, a $1 million increase in margins on transportation services for local distribution companies and a $1 million increase in margins from off-system transportation services. These increases were partially offset by a $3 million decrease in system management activities and a $1 million decrease in margins from firm transportation services for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Our transportation and storage segment operation and maintenance and general and administrative expenses   decrease  d   $9 million  . The decrease was primarily due to cost reduction efforts, including a $7 million decrease in materials and supplies costs, a $2 million decrease in integration and other contract services costs and a $1 million decrease in payroll related costs as well as $2 million decrease in severance charges related to workforce reductions announced in 2015. These decreases were partially offset by a $3 million increase in losses on disposition of assets.  
    
  Our transportation and storage segment recognized no impairments in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $591 million of impairments in the three months ended September 30, 2015. In the third quarter of  2015, we determined that the carrying value of goodwill associated with the transportation and storage reportable segment was completely impaired and as a result recognized an impairment of $579 million. Additionally, in the third quarter of 2015, we recognized an impairment on jurisdictional pipeline assets of $12 million. 
    
  Our transportation and storage segment taxes other than income tax   decrease  d   $2 million   due to favorable ad valorem assessments and appeal efforts.   
    
  Our transportation and storage segment equity in earnings of equity method affiliate   increase  d   $1 million   related to our interest in SESH.  
    
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Our transportation and storage segment reported operating income of   $157 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to an operating loss of   $452 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The difference of   $609 million   in operating income between periods was primarily due to   $591 million   of impairments recognized in the third quarter of 2015 related to goodwill and long-lived assets, a   $23 million     decrease   in operation and maintenance and general and administrative expenses and a   $3 million     decrease   in taxes other than income tax. These increases were partially offset by a   $6 million     decrease   in gross margin and a   $2 million     increase   in depreciation and amortization expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .   
    
  Our transportation and storage segment revenues   decrease  d   $119 million  . The decrease was primarily due to a $108 million decrease in revenues from lower natural gas sales associated with lower sales volumes and lower average sales prices and $6 million of changes in the fair value of natural gas derivatives. 
    
  Our transportation and storage segment gross margin   decrease  d   $6 million  . The decrease was primarily due to a decrease of $7 million in firm transportation margins, $6 million of changes in the fair value of natural gas derivatives and a $2 million decrease in off-system transportation margins. These decreases were partially offset by a $4 million increase  in system management activities and a $5 million increase in margins on transportation services for local distribution companies.  
    
  Our transportation and storage segment operation and maintenance and general and administrative expenses   decrease  d   $23 million  . The decrease was primarily due cost reduction efforts, including $8 million in lower integration and other contract services costs, an $8 million decrease  in materials and supplies costs and a $6 million decrease in payroll related costs as well as $4 million in lower severance charges related to workforce reductions announced in 2015. These decreases were partially offset by a $3 million increase in losses on dispositions of assets. 
    
  Our transportation and storage segment depreciation and amortization   increase  d   $2 million   primarily due to additional assets placed in service.   

36 

     Table of Contents  

Our transportation and storage segment recognized no impairments in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $591 million of impairments in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. In the third quarter of 2015, we determined that the carrying value of goodwill associated with the transportation and storage reportable segment was completely impaired and as a result recognized an impairment of $579 million. Additionally, in 2015 we recognized an impairment on jurisdictional pipeline assets of $12 million. 
    
  Our transportation and storage segment taxes other than income tax   decrease  d   $3 million   due to favorable ad valorem assessments and appeal efforts.   
    
  Our transportation and storage segment equity in earnings of equity method affiliate   increase  d   $1 million   related to our interest in SESH.  
    
  Condensed Consolidated Interim Information 

_____________________ 
           (1) 
    Gross margin, Adjusted EBITDA and DCF are non-GAAP measures and are defined and reconciled to their most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented below under the caption Non-GAAP Financial Measures within this Part I, Item 2. 
       
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   compared to   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  Net Income attributable to limited partners.   We reported net income attributable to limited partners of   $119 million   in the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to net loss attributable to limited partners of   $985 million   in the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in net income attributable to limited partners of   $1,104 million   was primarily attributable to an   increase   in operating income of   $1,114 million   related to the 2015 impairment, partially offset by an   increase   in interest expense of   $3 million  , in the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  

37 

     Table of Contents  

Interest Expense.   Interest expense   increase  d   $3 million   due to higher interest rates on the Partnership s outstanding debt and an increase in the amount of outstanding variable rate debt. 
    
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   compared to   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  Net Income attributable to limited partners.   We reported net income attributable to limited partners of $  244 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to net loss attributable to limited partners of   $817 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in net income attributable to limited partners of   $1,061 million   was primarily attributable to an   increase   in operating income of   $1,077 million   related to the 2015 impairment, partially offset by an   increase   in interest expense of   $8 million   and a   decrease   in other income and expense of   $2 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Interest Expense.   Interest expense   increase  d   $8 million   due to higher interest rates on the Partnership s outstanding debt and an increase in the amount of outstanding variable rate debt. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  The Partnership has included the non-GAAP financial measures Gross margin, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted interest expense, DCF and Distribution coverage ratio in this report based on information in its condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  Gross margin, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted interest expense, DCF and Distribution coverage ratio are supplemental financial measures that management and external users of the Partnership s financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders and rating agencies may use, to assess:  
             
    The Partnership s operating performance as compared to those of other publicly traded partnerships in the midstream energy industry, without regard to capital structure or historical cost basis;  
                
    The ability of the Partnership s assets to generate sufficient cash flow to make distributions to its partners;  
                
    The Partnership s ability to incur and service debt and fund capital expenditures; and  
                
    The viability of acquisitions and other capital expenditure projects and the returns on investment of various investment opportunities.  
     This report includes a reconciliation of Gross margin to total revenues, Adjusted EBITDA and DCF to net income attributable to limited partners, and Adjusted EBITDA to net cash provided by operating activities and Adjusted interest expense to interest expense, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, on a historical basis, as applicable, for each of the periods indicated. Distribution coverage ratio is a financial performance measure used by management to reflect the relationship between the Partnership's financial operating performance and cash distribution. The Partnership believes that the presentation of Gross margin, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted interest expense, DCF and Distribution coverage ratio provides information useful to investors in assessing its financial condition and results of operations. Gross margin, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted interest expense, DCF and Distribution coverage ratio should not be considered as alternatives to net income, operating income, total revenue, cash flow from operating activities, interest expense or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. Gross margin, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted interest expense, DCF and Distribution coverage ratio have important limitations as analytical tools because they exclude some but not all items that affect the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Additionally, because Gross margin, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted interest expense, DCF and Distribution coverage ratio may be defined differently by other companies in the Partnership s industry, its definitions of Gross margin, Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted interest expense, DCF and Distribution coverage ratio may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility.  

38 

     Table of Contents  

39 

     Table of Contents  

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Distributions from equity method affiliate includes an $8 million and $7 million return on investment and a $5 million and $3 million return of investment for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Distributions from equity method affiliate includes a $22 million and $26 million return on investment and an $18 million and $11 million return of investment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Equity in earnings of equity method affiliate, net of distributions only includes those distributions representing a return on investment.     
              (2) 
    Other non-cash losses includes decreases in the fair value of derivatives, lower of cost or net realizable value adjustments, loss on sale of assets and write-downs of materials and supplies.    
              (3) 
    Other non-cash gains includes lower of the cost or net realizable value adjustment recoveries upon the sale of the related inventory and increases in the fair value of derivatives. 
              (4) 
    This amount represents the quarterly cash distributions on the Series A Preferred Units declared for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. In accordance with the   Partnership Agreement  , the Series A Preferred Unit distributions are deemed to have been paid out of available cash with respect to the quarter immediately preceding the quarter in which the distribution is made.       
              (5) 
    See below for a reconciliation of Adjusted interest expense to Interest expense.     
              (6) 
    Represents cash distributions declared for common and subordinated units outstanding as of each respective period.  Amounts for 2016 reflect estimated cash distributions for common and subordinated units outstanding for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.    

40 

     Table of Contents  

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Distributions from equity method affiliate includes an $8 million and $7 million return on investment and a $5 million and $3 million return of investment for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Distributions from equity method affiliate includes a $22 million and $26 million return on investment and an $18 million and $11 million return of investment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Equity in earnings of equity method affiliate, net of distributions only includes those distributions representing a return on investment.     
              (2) 
    Other non-cash losses includes decreases in the fair value of derivatives, lower of cost or net realizable value adjustments, loss on sale of assets and write-downs of materials and supplies.    
              (3) 
    Other non-cash gains includes lower of the cost or net realizable value adjustment recoveries upon the sale of the related inventory and increases in the fair value of derivatives. 
     
   41 

     Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Working Capital 
    
  Working capital is the difference in our current assets and our current liabilities. Working capital is an indication of liquidity and potential need for short-term funding. The change in our working capital requirements are driven generally by changes in accounts receivable, accounts payable, commodity prices, credit extended to, and the timing of collections from, customers, and the level and timing of spending for maintenance and expansion activity. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had a working capital   surplus   of   $70 million  . We utilize our revolving credit facility to manage the timing of cash flows and fund short-term working capital deficits. 
    
  Cash Flows 
    
  The following tables reflect cash flows for the applicable periods: 

Operating Activities 
    
  The   increase   of   $7 million  , or   1%  , in net cash provided by operating activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was primarily due to timing of payments to suppliers, receipts from customers, and changes in other working capital assets and liabilities.  
    
  Investing Activities 
    
  The   decrease   of   $460 million  , or   63%  , in net cash used in investing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was primarily due to lower capital expenditures of $445 million, including acquisitions, net of cash acquired.   

42 

     Table of Contents  

Financing Activities 
    
   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities   decrease  d   $441 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Our primary financing activities consist of the following:   

Term Loan Agreement 
    
  On July 31, 2015, the Partnership entered into a Term Loan Agreement providing for an unsecured   three  -year   $450 million   term loan agreement (2015 Term Loan Agreement). The entire   $450 million   principal amount of the 2015 Term Loan Agreement was borrowed by Enable on July 31, 2015. The 2015 Term Loan Agreement contains an option, which may be exercised up to   two   times, to extend the term of the 2015 Term Loan Agreement, in each case, for an additional   one  -year term. The 2015 Term Loan Agreement provides an option to prepay, without penalty or premium, the amount outstanding, or any portion thereof, in a minimum amount of   $1 million  , or any multiple of   $0.5 million   in excess thereof. As of   September 30, 2016   there was   $450 million   outstanding under the 2015 Term Loan Agreement.  
    
  The 2015 Term Loan Agreement provides that outstanding borrowings bear interest at LIBOR and/or an alternate base rate, at the Partnership s election, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin is based on our applicable credit ratings. As of     September 30, 2016  , the applicable margin for LIBOR-based borrowings under the term loan agreement was   1.375%   based on the Partnership s credit ratings.   As of   September 30, 2016  , the weighted average interest rate of the 2015 Term Loan Agreement was   1.83%  . 
    
  Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  On June 18, 2015, the Partnership amended and restated its Revolving Credit Facility to, among other things, increase the borrowing capacity thereunder to   $1.75 billion   and extend its maturity date to June 18, 2020. The Revolving Credit Facility is discussed in Note 7 of the condensed consolidated financial statements. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   $755 million   of principal advances and   $3 million   in letters of credit outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility.   The weighted average interest rate of the Revolving Credit Facility was   2.03%   as of   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   no   outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program.  
    
  The Revolving Credit Facility provides that outstanding borrowings bear interest at LIBOR and/or an alternate base rate, at the Partnership s election, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin is based on the Partnership s applicable credit ratings. As of   September 30, 2016  , the applicable margin for LIBOR-based borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility was 1.50% based on the Partnership s credit ratings. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility requires the Partnership to pay a fee on unused commitments. The commitment fee is based on the Partnership s applicable credit rating from the rating agencies. As of   September 30, 2016  , the commitment fee under the Revolving Credit Facility was 0.20% per annum based on the Partnership s credit ratings. The commitment fee is recorded as interest expense in the Partnership s Consolidated Statements of Income. 
    
  Preferred Equity Issuance 
    
  On February 18, 2016, the Partnership completed the private placement of 14,520,000 Series A Preferred Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership for a cash purchase price of $25.00 per Series A Preferred Unit, with CenterPoint Energy, resulting in proceeds of $362 million, net of issuance costs. See Part 1, Note 4 for further discussion. 

43 

     Table of Contents  

Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
    
  In June 2016, the Partnership implemented a Distribution Reinvestment Plan (DRIP), which, beginning with the quarterly distribution for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, offers owners of our common and subordinated units the ability to purchase additional common units by reinvesting all or a portion of the cash distributions paid to them on their common or subordinated units. The Partnership will have the sole discretion to determine whether common units purchased under the DRIP will come from our newly issued common units or from common units purchased on the open market. The purchase price for newly issued common units will be the average of the high and low trading prices of the common units on the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transactions for the five trading days immediately preceding the investment date. The purchase price for common units purchased on the open market will be the weighted average price of all common units purchased for the DRIP for the respective investment date. We can set a discount ranging from 0% to 5% for common units purchased pursuant to the DRIP. The discount is currently set at 0%. Participation in the DRIP is voluntary, and once enrolled, our unitholders may terminate participation at any time.    
    
  Sources of Liquidity 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our sources of liquidity included: 
             
    cash on hand; 
                
    cash generated from operations; 
                
    borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility; and 
                
    capital raised through debt and equity markets. 
       
  Capital Requirements 
    
  The midstream business is capital intensive and can require significant investment to maintain and upgrade existing operations, connect new wells to the system, organically grow into new areas and comply with environmental and safety regulations. Going forward, our capital requirements will consist of the following: 
             
    maintenance capital expenditures, which are cash expenditures (including expenditures for the construction or development of new capital assets or the replacement, improvement or expansion of existing capital assets) made to maintain, over the long-term, our operating capacity or operating income; and 
                
    expansion capital expenditures, which are cash expenditures incurred for acquisitions or capital improvements that we expect will increase our operating income or operating capacity over the long term. 
      Our future expansion capital expenditures may vary significantly from period to period based on commodity prices and the investment opportunities available to us. We expect to fund future capital expenditures from cash flow generated from our operations, borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, new debt offerings or the issuance of additional partnership units. Issuances of equity or debt in the capital markets may not, however, be available to us on acceptable terms. 
    
  Distributions 
    
  On   November 1, 2016  , the board of directors of Enable GP declared a quarterly cash distribution of   $0.318   per common unit on all of the Partnership s outstanding common and subordinated units for the period ended   September 30, 2016  . The distributions will be paid   November 22, 2016   to unitholders of record as of the close of business on   November 14, 2016  . Additionally, the board of directors of Enable GP declared a quarterly cash distribution of   $0.625   on the Partnership s outstanding Series A Preferred Units. The distributions will be paid   November 14, 2016   to unitholders of record as of the close of business on   November 1, 2016  .  
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

44 

     Table of Contents  

Credit Risk 
    
  We are exposed to certain credit risks relating to our ongoing business operations. Credit risk includes the risk that counterparties that owe us money or energy will breach their obligations. If the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements. In that event, our financial results could be adversely affected, and we could incur losses. We examine the creditworthiness of third party customers to whom we extend credit and manage our exposure to credit risk through credit analysis, credit approval, credit limits and monitoring procedures, and for certain transactions, we may request letters of credit, prepayments or guarantees. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  The Partnership s critical accounting policies and estimates are described in Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates within Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and Note 1 of the Notes to the Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The accounting policies and estimates used in preparing our interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   are the same as those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  We are exposed to various market risks, including volatility in commodity prices and interest rates. 
    
  Commodity Price Risk 
    
  While we generate a substantial portion of our gross margin pursuant to long-term, fee-based contracts that include minimum volume commitments and/or demand fees, we are also exposed to changes in the prices of natural gas and NGLs. The Partnership utilizes derivatives and forward commodity sales to mitigate the effects of price changes. We do not enter into risk management contracts for speculative purposes. 
    
  Based on our forecasted volumes, prices and contractual arrangements, we estimate approximately 13% of our total gross margin for the twelve months ending December 31, 2016 is directly exposed to changes in commodity prices, excluding the impact of hedges.  
    
  Commodity price risk is estimated as the potential loss in value resulting from a hypothetical 10% decline in prices over the next three months. Based on a sensitivity analysis, a 10% decrease in prices from forecasted levels would decrease net income by approximately $2 million for natural gas and ethane and $2 million for NGLs, excluding ethane, and condensate, excluding the impact of hedges, for the remaining three months ending December 31, 2016. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  Our current interest rate risk exposure is related primarily to our debt portfolio. Our debt portfolio is substantially comprised of fixed rate debt, which mitigates the impact of fluctuations in interest rates. Future issuances of long-term debt could be impacted by increases in interest rates, which could result in higher interest costs. Borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, 2015 Term Loan Agreement and issuances under our commercial paper program are at a variable interest rate and expose us to the risk of increasing interest rates. Based upon the $1,205 million outstanding borrowings under the 2015 Term Loan Agreement and Revolving Credit Facility as of   September 30, 2016  , and holding all other variables constant, a 100 basis-point, or 1%, increase in interest rates would increase our annual interest expense by approximately $12 million. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
    
  Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on such evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures are designed and effective to ensure that information required  
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms and that information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
    
  In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and the application of judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there is only reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions.  
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership completed the implementation of a partnership-wide physical gas measurement system. The system was implemented by the Partnership to improve standardization and not in response to a deficiency in internal control over financial reporting. Management believes the implementation of the system and related changes to internal controls will enhance the Partnership's internal controls over financial reporting. Management believes the necessary steps have been taken to monitor and maintain appropriate internal control over financial reporting during this period of change and will continue to evaluate the operating effectiveness of related key controls during subsequent periods. 
    
  There were no other changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
    
  Information regarding legal proceedings is set forth in Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies to the Partnership s  condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
    
  We are subject to various risks and uncertainties in the course of our business. Risk factors relating to the Partnership are set forth under  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report and our March 31 Quarterly Report. No other material changes to such risk factors have occurred during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

Item 6. Exhibits 
    
  The following exhibits are filed herewith:  
    
  Exhibits not incorporated by reference to a prior filing are designated by a cross (+); all exhibits not so designated are incorporated by reference to a prior filing as indicated.  
    
  Agreements included as exhibits are included only to provide information to investors regarding their terms. Agreements listed below may contain representations, warranties and other provisions that were made, among other things, to provide the parties thereto with specified rights and obligations and to allocate risk among them, and no such agreement should be relied upon as constituting or providing any factual disclosures about Enable Midstream Partners, LP, any other persons, any state of affairs or other matters.  

46 

     Table of Contents  

47 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   

ENABLE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 

(Registrant) 

By: ENABLE GP, LLC 

Its general partner 

Date:   
    November 2, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ Tom Levescy 

Tom Levescy 

Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 enblq3201610-qxex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Rodney J. Sailor, certify that:  
    
  1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Enable Midstream Partners, LP;  
    
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
    
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
    
  4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
    
           a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
       
           b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
       
           d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
       
  5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
    
           a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
       
           b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
       
  Date:   November 2, 2016    
    
                   /s/ Rodney J. Sailor 
      
             Rodney J. Sailor 
      
      President and Chief Executive Officer, Enable GP, LLC, the General Partner of Enable Midstream Partners, LP  
      
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 enblq3201610-qxex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, John P. Laws, certify that:  
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Enable Midstream Partners, LP;  
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
    
  4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
    
           a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
       
           b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
       
           d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
       
  5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
    
           a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
       
           b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:   November 2, 2016    
    
                   /s/ John P. Laws 
      
             John P. Laws 
      
      Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Enable GP, LLC, the General Partner of Enable Midstream Partners, LP  
      
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 enblq3201610-qxex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350  
  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Enable Midstream Partners, LP  (the Partnership) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), each of the undersigned does hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
    
  1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
    
  2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.  
    
  Date:    November 2, 2016    

/s/ Rodney J. Sailor 
        
                   Rodney J. Sailor 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer, Enable GP, LLC, the General Partner of Enable Midstream Partners, LP  
        
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 enblq3201610-qxex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350  
  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Enable Midstream Partners, LP  (the Partnership) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), each of the undersigned does hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
    
  1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
    
  2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.  
    
  Date:    November 2, 2016    

/s/ John P. Laws 
        
                   John P. Laws 
        
    Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Enable GP, LLC, the General Partner of Enable Midstream Partners, LP 
        
    (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 enbl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 enbl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 enbl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 enbl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 enbl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 enbl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

