<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1499200_0001499200-16-000091_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6490051</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>155056</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>326408</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2308439</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2693270</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>880337</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>50</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001499200-16-000091.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102184424
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001499200-16-000091
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001499200
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION [4924]
		IRS NUMBER:				273235920
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-192373
		FILM NUMBER:		161969391

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 MILAM ST., SUITE 1900
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(713) 375-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 MILAM ST., SUITE 1900
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001499200-16-000091.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 spl2016form10q3rdqtr.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

x     QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 
       TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    
   For the transition period from                to               
  Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC    
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

(713) 375-5000  
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)                            

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes          No   x 
  Note: As of January 1, 2016, the registrant is a voluntary filer not subject to the filing requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. However, the registrant has filed all reports required pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) during the preceding 12 months as if the registrant was subject to such filing requirements. 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x   No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
                 Large accelerated filer      
    Accelerated filer                        
      Non-accelerated filer      x 
    Smaller reporting company       
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No   x    
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:      Not applicable 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Definitions  
    1 
       Part I. Financial Information  
       Item 1.  
     Financial Statements  
    2 
        
     Balance Sheets  
    2 
        
     Statements of Operations  
    3 
        
     Statement of Member s Equity  
    4 
        
     Statements of Cash Flows  
    5 
        
     Notes to Financial Statements  
    6 

Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    20 

Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    30 

Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    31 

Part II. Other Information  
       Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    32 

Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    32 

Item 5.  
     Other Information  
    32 

Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    33 

Signatures  
    34 

i 

DEFINITIONS 
  As commonly used in the liquefied natural gas industry, to the extent applicable and as used in this   quarterly   report, the terms listed below have the following meanings:  
    
  Common Industry and Other Terms 
                   Bcf 
      
    billion cubic feet 
      Bcf/d 
      
    billion cubic feet per day 
      Bcf/yr 
      
    billion cubic feet per year 
      DOE 
      
    U.S. Department of Energy 
      EPC 
      
    engineering, procurement and construction 
      FERC 
      
    Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
      FTA countries 
      
    countries with which the United States has a free trade agreement providing for national treatment for trade in natural gas 
      GAAP 
      
    generally accepted accounting principles in the United States 
      Henry Hub 
      
    the final settlement price (in USD per MMBtu) for the New York Mercantile Exchange s Henry Hub natural gas futures contract for the month in which a relevant cargo s delivery window is scheduled to begin 
      LIBOR 
      
    London Interbank Offered Rate 
      LNG 
      
    liquefied natural gas, a product of natural gas consisting primarily of methane (CH   4   ) that is in liquid form at near atmospheric pressure 
      MMBtu 
      
    million British thermal units, an energy unit 
      mtpa 
      
    million tonnes per annum 
      non-FTA countries 
      
    countries with which the United States does not have a free trade agreement providing for national treatment for trade in natural gas and with which trade is permitted 
      SEC 
      
    Securities and Exchange Commission 
      SPA 
      
    LNG sale and purchase agreement 
      Train 
      
    an industrial facility comprised of a series of refrigerant compressor loops used to cool natural gas into LNG 
      TUA 
      
    terminal use agreement 

Company Abbreviations    
                   Cheniere 
      
    Cheniere Energy, Inc. 
      Cheniere Investments 
      
    Cheniere Energy Investments, LLC 
      Cheniere Marketing 
      
    Cheniere Marketing, LLC and subsidiaries 
      Cheniere Partners 
      
    Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. 
      Cheniere Terminals 
      
    Cheniere LNG Terminals, LLC 
      CTPL 
      
    Cheniere Creole Trail Pipeline, L.P. 
      SPLNG 
      
    Sabine Pass LNG, L.P. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references to    SPL  ,  the  Company,   we,   us  and  our  refer to   Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC  . 

1 

PART I. 
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
              ITEM 1.  
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
     SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
    
  2 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
    
  3 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 

STATEMENT OF MEMBER S EQUITY 
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
    
  4 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
    
  5 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (unaudited) 

NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
    
  The accompanying unaudited Financial Statements of SPL have been prepared in accordance with   GAAP   for interim financial information and with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by   GAAP   for complete financial statements.  In our opinion, all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation, have been included.  Certain reclassifications have been made to conform prior period information to the current presentation.  The reclassifications had no effect on our overall financial position, operating results or cash flows.   
    
  In 2016, we started production at our natural gas liquefaction facilities at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal located in Cameron Parish, Louisiana   (the  Liquefaction Project )  .  As a result, we introduced a new line item entitled  cost of sales  and modified the components of activity included in  operating and maintenance expense  on our Statements of Operations.  To conform to the new presentation, reclassifications were made to the prior periods.  Cost of sales includes costs incurred directly for the production and delivery of LNG from the   Liquefaction Project   such as natural gas feedstock, variable transportation and storage costs, derivative gains and losses associated with economic hedges to secure natural gas feedstock for the   Liquefaction Project  , and other related costs to convert natural gas into LNG, all to the extent not utilized for the commissioning process.  These costs were reclassified from operating and maintenance expense.  Operating and maintenance expense now includes costs associated with operating and maintaining the   Liquefaction Project   such as third-party service and maintenance contract costs, payroll and benefit costs of operations personnel, natural gas transportation and storage capacity demand charges, derivative gains and losses related to the sale and purchase of LNG associated with the regasification terminal, insurance and regulatory costs.   
    
  Additionally, we renamed our  revenues  line item as  LNG revenues , which include fees that are received pursuant to our SPAs and related LNG marketing activities.  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we received   70%   and   77%  , respectively, of our net LNG revenues from   one   SPA customer. 
    
  Results of operations for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that will be realized for the year ending December 31,   2016  .  
    
  We are a disregarded entity for federal and state income tax purposes.  Our taxable income or loss, which may vary substantially from the net income or loss reported on our Statements of Operations, is able to be included in the federal income tax return of Cheniere Partners, a publicly traded partnership which indirectly owns us.  Accordingly, no provision or liability for federal or state income taxes is included in the accompanying Financial Statements. 
    
  For further information, refer to the Financial Statements and accompanying notes included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

NOTE 2 RESTRICTED CASH 
    
  Restricted cash consists of funds that are contractually restricted as to usage or withdrawal and have been presented separately from cash and cash equivalents on our Balance Sheets.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , restricted cash consisted of the following (in thousands):  

6 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
  (unaudited) 

NOTE 3 ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , accounts and other receivables consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Pursuant to the accounts agreement entered into with the collateral trustee for the benefit of our debt holders, we are required to deposit all cash received into reserve accounts controlled by the collateral trustee.  The usage or withdrawal of such cash is restricted to the payment of liabilities related to the   Liquefaction Project   and other restricted payments.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the entire balance of our trade receivable was from a single SPA customer. 

NOTE 4 INVENTORY  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , inventory consisted of the following (in thousands): 

NOTE 5 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  
    
  Property, plant and equipment consists of   LNG   terminal costs and fixed assets, as follows (in thousands): 

During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we realized offsets to LNG terminal costs of   $58.7 million   and   $201.0 million  , respectively, that were related to the sale of commissioning cargoes because these amounts were earned prior to the start of commercial operations, during the testing phase for the construction of Trains 1 and 2 of the   Liquefaction Project  . 

NOTE 6 DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS 
    
  We have entered into the following derivative instruments that are reported at fair value: 
             
    interest rate swaps to hedge the exposure to volatility in a portion of the floating-rate interest payments under one of our credit facilities   ( Interest Rate Derivatives )  ; 
     
   7 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
  (unaudited) 

commodity derivatives consisting of natural gas supply contracts for the commissioning and operation of the   Liquefaction Project     ( Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives )   and associated economic hedges   ( Financial Liquefaction Supply Derivatives , and collectively with the Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives, the  Liquefaction Supply Derivatives )  ; and 
                
    commodity derivatives to hedge the exposure to price risk attributable to future sales of our LNG inventory   ( Natural Gas Derivatives )  . 
     None of our derivative instruments are designated as cash flow hedging instruments, and changes in fair value are recorded within our   Statements of Operations  . 
  The following table (in thousands) shows the fair value of the derivative instruments that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , which are classified as   other current assets  ,   non-current derivative assets  ,   derivative liabilities   or   non-current derivative liabilities   in our Balance Sheets. 

We value our   Interest Rate Derivatives   using valuations based on the initial trade prices.  Using an income-based approach, subsequent valuations are based on observable inputs to the valuation model including interest rate curves, risk adjusted discount rates, credit spreads and other relevant data.  The estimated fair values of our   Natural Gas Derivatives   are the amounts at which the instruments could be exchanged currently between willing parties.  We value these derivatives using observable commodity price curves and other relevant data.   
    
  The fair value of substantially all of our   Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   is developed through the use of internal models which are impacted by inputs that are unobservable in the marketplace.  As a result, the fair value of our   Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   is designated as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy.  The curves used to generate the fair value of our   Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   are based on basis adjustments applied to forward curves for a liquid trading point.  In addition, there may be observable liquid market basis information in the near term, but terms of a particular   Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   contract may exceed the period for which such information is available, resulting in a Level 3 classification.  In these instances, the fair value of the contract incorporates extrapolation assumptions made in the determination of the market basis price for future delivery periods in which applicable commodity basis prices were either not observable or lacked corroborative market data.  Internal fair value models include conditions precedent to the respective long-term natural gas supply contracts.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , some of our   Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   existed within markets for which the pipeline infrastructure is under development to accommodate marketable physical gas flow.  Accordingly, our internal fair value models are based on market prices that equate to our own contractual pricing due to: (1) the inactive and unobservable market and (2) conditions precedent and their impact on the uncertainty in the timing of our actual receipt of the physical volumes associated with each forward.  The fair value of our   Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   is predominantly driven by market commodity basis prices and our assessment of the associated conditions precedent, including evaluating whether the respective market is available as pipeline infrastructure is developed.  Upon the completion and placement into service of relevant pipeline infrastructure to accommodate marketable physical gas flow, we recognize a gain or loss based on the fair value of the respective natural gas supply contracts as of the reporting date.  

8 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
  (unaudited) 

As all of our   Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   are either purely index-priced or index-priced with a fixed basis, we do not believe that a significant change in market commodity prices would have a material impact on our Level 3 fair value measurements.  The following table includes quantitative information for the unobservable inputs for our Level 3   Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   as of   September 30, 2016  : 

Net Fair Value Asset  
  (in thousands) 
      
    Valuation Technique 
      
    Significant Unobservable Input 
      
    Significant Unobservable Inputs Range 
      Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives 
      
    $12,480 
      
    Income Approach 
      
    Basis Spread 
      
    $(0.35) - $(0.03) 

The following table (in thousands) shows the changes in the fair value of our Level 3   Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  : 

(1) 
    Does not include the decrease in fair value of   $0.7 million   related to the realized gains capitalized during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
              (2) 
    Transferred to Level 2 as a result of observable market for the underlying natural gas supply contracts.  
       
  Derivative assets and liabilities arising from our derivative contracts with the same counterparty are reported on a net basis, as all counterparty derivative contracts provide for net settlement.  The use of derivative instruments exposes us to counterparty credit risk, or the risk that a counterparty will be unable to meet its commitments in instances when our derivative instruments are in an asset position.  
    
  Interest Rate Derivatives    
    
  We have entered into   Interest Rate Derivatives   to protect against volatility of future cash flows and hedge a portion of the variable interest payments on the credit facilities we entered into in June 2015   (the  2015 Credit Facilities )  .  The   Interest Rate Derivatives   hedge a portion of the expected outstanding borrowings over the term of the   2015 Credit Facilities  . 
    
  In March 2015, we settled a portion of our   Interest Rate Derivatives   and recognized a derivative loss of   $34.7 million   within our Statements of Operations in conjunction with the termination of approximately   $1.8 billion   of commitments under the previous credit facilities. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had the following   Interest Rate Derivatives   outstanding: 

9 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
  (unaudited) 

The following table (in thousands) shows the fair value and location of our   Interest Rate Derivatives   on our Balance Sheets: 

The following table (in thousands) shows the changes in the fair value and settlements of our   Interest Rate Derivatives   recorded in   derivative gain (loss), net   on our   Statements of Operations   during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  : 

Commodity Derivatives 
    
  Liquefaction Supply Derivatives    
    
  We have entered into index-based physical natural gas supply contracts and associated economic hedges to purchase natural gas for the commissioning and operation of the   Liquefaction Project  .  The terms of the physical natural gas supply contracts primarily range from approximately   one   to   seven   years and commence upon the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent, including but not limited to the date of first commercial operation of specified   Train  s of the   Liquefaction Project  .  We recognize our   Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   as either assets or liabilities and measure those instruments at fair value.  Changes in the fair value of our   Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   are reported in earnings.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have secured up to approximately   1,982.0 million     MMBtu   of natural gas feedstock through natural gas supply contracts.  The notional natural gas position of our   Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   was approximately   1,069.0 million     MMBtu   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Our   Financial Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   are executed through over-the-counter contracts which are subject to nominal credit risk as these transactions are settled on a daily margin basis with investment grade financial institutions.  We are required by these financial institutions to use margin deposits as credit support for our   Financial Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   activities. 
    
  Natural Gas Derivatives 
    
  Our   Natural Gas Derivatives   were executed through over-the-counter contracts which were subject to nominal credit risk as these transactions settled on a daily margin basis with investment grade financial institutions.  We were required by these financial institutions to use margin deposits as credit support for our   Natural Gas Derivatives   activities.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not have any open   Natural Gas Derivatives   positions or margin deposits at financial institutions.  
    
  We recognize all commodity derivative instruments, including our   Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   and our   Natural Gas Derivatives     (collectively,  Commodity Derivatives )  , as either assets or liabilities and measure those instruments at fair value.  Changes in the fair value of our   Commodity Derivatives   are reported in earnings. 

10 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
  (unaudited) 

The following table (in thousands) shows the fair value and location of our   Commodity Derivatives   on our Balance Sheets: 

(1) 
    Does not include collateral of   $1.5 million   deposited for such contracts, which is included in   other current assets   in our Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016  . 
              (2) 
    Does not include collateral of   $0.4 million   deposited for such contracts, which is included in   other current assets   in our Balance Sheet as of   December 31, 2015  . 
          
  The following table (in thousands) shows the changes in the fair value, settlements and location of our   Commodity Derivatives   recorded on our Statements of Operations during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  : 

(1)    Does not include the realized value associated with derivative instruments that settle through physical delivery. 
    
  The use of   Commodity Derivatives   exposes us to counterparty credit risk, or the risk that a counterparty will be unable to meet its commitments in instances when our   Commodity Derivatives   are in an asset position.  
       
  Balance Sheet Presentation 
    
  Our derivative instruments are presented on a net basis on our Balance Sheets as described above.  The following table (in thousands) shows the fair value of our derivatives outstanding on a gross and net basis: 

11 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
  (unaudited) 

NOTE 7 OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , other non-current assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 

NOTE 8 ACCRUED LIABILITIES  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): 

NOTE 9 DEBT 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our debt consisted of the following (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Effective January 1, 2016, we adopted ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15, which require debt issuance costs related to term notes to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability, rather than as an asset, retrospectively for each reporting period presented.  As a result, we reclassified   $154.6 million   from debt issuance costs, net to long-term debt, net as of   December 31, 2015  .   
     
   12 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
  (unaudited) 

2016 Debt Issuances and Redemptions 
    
  Senior Notes  
    
  In June and September 2016, we issued the   2026 Senior Notes   and the   2027 Senior Notes  , respectively, for aggregate principal amounts of   $1.5 billion   each.  Net proceeds of the offerings of the   2026 Senior Notes   and   2027 Senior Notes   were approximately   $1.3 billion   and   $1.4 billion  , respectively, after deducting commissions, fees and expenses and incremental interest required under the respective senior notes during construction.  The net proceeds were used to prepay a portion (for the   2026 Senior Notes  ) or all (for the   2027 Senior Notes  ) outstanding borrowings and terminate commitments under the   2015 Credit Facilities  , resulting in a write-off of debt issuance costs associated with the   2015 Credit Facilities   of   $25.8 million   and   $51.8 million   during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively.   The remaining proceeds from the   2027 Senior Notes   are being used to pay a portion of the capital costs in connection with the construction of Trains 1 through 5 of the   Liquefaction Project   in lieu of the terminated portion of the commitments under the   2015 Credit Facilities  .  The   2026 Senior Notes   and   2027 Senior Notes   accrue interest at fixed rates of   5.875%   and   5.00%  , respectively, and interest is payable semi-annually in arrears.  The terms of the   2026 Senior Notes   and   2027 Senior Notes   are governed by the same common indenture as our other senior notes, which contains customary terms and events of default, covenants and redemption terms. 
    
  In connection with the issuance of the   2026 Senior Notes   and the   2027 Senior Notes  , we entered into registration rights agreements   (the  Registration Rights Agreements )  .  Under the terms of the   Registration Rights Agreements  , we have agreed, and any future guarantors will agree, to use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC and cause to become effective registration statements relating to offers to exchange any and all of the   2026 Senior Notes   and   2027 Senior Notes   for like aggregate principal amounts of our debt securities with terms identical in all material respects to the respective senior notes sought to be exchanged (other than with respect to restrictions on transfer or to any increase in annual interest rate), within   360 days   after June 14, 2016 and September 23, 2016, respectively.  Under specified circumstances, we have also agreed, and any future guarantors will also agree, to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to become effective shelf registration statements relating to resales of the   2026 Senior Notes   and the   2027 Senior Notes  .  We will be obligated to pay additional interest on these senior notes if we fail to comply with our obligation to register them within the specified time period. 
    
  Credit Facilities 
    
  Below is a summary of our credit facilities outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

Interest Expense 
    
  Total interest expense consisted of the following (in thousands): 

13 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
  (unaudited) 

Fair Value Disclosures 
    
  The following table (in thousands) shows the carrying amount and estimated fair value of our debt: 

(2) 
    Includes   2015 Credit Facilities   and   Working Capital Facility  .  The Level 3 estimated fair value approximates the principal amount because the interest rates are variable and reflective of market rates and the debt may be repaid, in full or in part, at any time without penalty.  

14 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
  (unaudited) 

NOTE 10 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  
    
  Below is a summary of our related party transactions as reported on our Statements of Operations for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (in thousands): 

LNG Terminal-Related Agreements 
    
  Terminal Use Agreements 
    
  We have entered into a   TUA   with SPLNG to provide berthing for   LNG   vessels and for the unloading, loading, storage and regasification of   LNG  .  We have reserved approximately   2.0     Bcf/d   of regasification capacity and we are obligated to make monthly capacity payments to SPLNG aggregating approximately   $250 million   per year   (the  TUA Fees )  , continuing until at least   20 years   after we deliver our first commercial cargo at our facilities under construction.  We obtained this reserved capacity as a result of an assignment in July 2012 by Cheniere Investments of its rights, title and interest under its   TUA  .  In connection with the assignment, we, Cheniere Investments and SPLNG also entered into the   TURA   pursuant to which Cheniere Investments has the right to use our reserved capacity under the   TUA   and has the obligation to pay the   TUA Fees   required by the   TUA   to SPLNG.  Cheniere Investments  right to use our capacity at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal will be reduced as each of Trains 1 through 4 reaches commercial operation.  The percentage of the   TUA Fees   payable by Cheniere Investments will be reduced from   100%   to   zero   (unless Cheniere Investments utilizes terminal use capacity after Train 4 reaches commercial operations), and the percentage of the   TUA Fees   payable by us will increase by the amount that Cheniere Investments  percentage decreases.  In May 2016, upon substantial completion of Train 1 of the   Liquefaction Project  , Cheniere Investments  percentage of all   TUA Fees   payable to SPLNG was reduced from   100%   to   75%   and our percentage of all   TUA Fees   payable to SPLNG was increased from   zero   to   25%   in accordance with the   TURA  .  Subsequently, in September 2016, upon substantial completion of Train 2 of the   Liquefaction Project  ,  
  
   15 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
  (unaudited) 

Cheniere Investments  percentage of all   TUA Fees   payable to SPLNG was further reduced from   75%   to   50%   and our percentage of all   TUA Fees   payable to SPLNG was further increased from   25%   to   50%   in accordance with the   TURA  .  Cheniere Partners has guaranteed our obligations under our   TUA   and the obligations of Cheniere Investments under the   TURA  .  Cargo loading fees incurred under this agreement are recorded as cost of sales affiliate, except for the portion related to commissioning activities which is capitalized as LNG terminal construction-in-process. 
    
  In connection with our   TUA  , we are required to pay for a portion of the cost to maintain the cryogenic readiness of the regasification facilities at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal.  We are required to reimburse SPLNG for a portion of its fuel costs related to maintaining the cryogenic readiness of the Sabine Pass LNG terminal, which is recorded as terminal use agreement maintenance expense on our Statements of Operations.  Our portion of the cost (including affiliate) to maintain the cryogenic readiness of the regasification facilities at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal is based on our approximately   41%   share of the commercial LNG storage capacity at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal.  
    
  Cheniere Marketing   SPA    
    
  Cheniere Marketing has entered into an   SPA   with us to purchase, at Cheniere Marketing s option, any   LNG   produced by us in excess of that required for other customers at a price of   115%   of   Henry Hub   plus   $3.00   per   MMBtu   of   LNG  .  
    
  Cheniere Marketing Master   SPA 
    
  In May 2015, we entered into an agreement with Cheniere Marketing that allows us to sell and purchase LNG with Cheniere Marketing by executing and delivering confirmations under this agreement. 
    
  Commissioning Confirmation 
    
  In May 2015, under the Cheniere Marketing Master SPA, we executed a confirmation with Cheniere Marketing that obligates Cheniere Marketing in certain circumstances to buy LNG cargoes produced during the periods while Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. has control of, and is commissioning, the first   four   Trains of the Liquefaction Project.   
    
  Pre-commercial LNG Marketing Agreement 
    
  In May 2015, we entered into an agreement with Cheniere Marketing that authorizes Cheniere Marketing to act on our behalf to market and sell pre-commercial LNG that has not been accepted by BG Gulf Coast LNG, LLC, one of our SPA customers.  We pay a fee to Cheniere Marketing for marketing and transportation, which is based on volume sold under this agreement. 
    
  Natural Gas Transportation Agreement 
    
  To ensure we are able to transport adequate natural gas feedstock to the Sabine Pass LNG terminal, we have entered into transportation precedent and other agreements to secure firm pipeline transportation capacity with CTPL, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cheniere Partners, and third-party pipeline companies.  
    
  Services Agreements 
    
  Liquefaction O M Agreement 
    
  We have entered into an operation and maintenance agreement   (the  Liquefaction O M Agreement )   with Cheniere Investments, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cheniere Partners, pursuant to which we receive all of the necessary services required to construct, operate and maintain the   Liquefaction Project  .  Before the   Liquefaction Project   is operational, the services to be provided include, among other services, obtaining governmental approvals on our behalf, preparing an operating plan for certain periods, obtaining insurance, preparing staffing plans and preparing status reports.  After the   Liquefaction Project   is operational, the services include all necessary services required to operate and maintain the   Liquefaction Project  .  Before the   Liquefaction Project   is operational, in addition to reimbursement of operating expenses, we are required to pay a monthly fee equal to   0.6%   of the capital expenditures incurred in the previous month.  After substantial completion of each Train, for services performed while the   Liquefaction Project   is operational, we will pay, in addition to the reimbursement of operating expenses, a fixed monthly fee  
  
   16 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
  (unaudited) 

of   $83,333   (indexed for inflation) for services with respect to such Train.  The non-reimbursement amounts incurred under this agreement are recorded in general and administrative expense affiliate. 
    
  Liquefaction MSA 
    
  We have entered into a management services agreement   (the  Liquefaction MSA )   with Cheniere Terminals pursuant to which Cheniere Terminals manages the construction and operation of the Liquefaction Project, excluding those matters provided for under the   Liquefaction O M Agreement  .  The services include, among other services, exercising the day-to-day management of our affairs and business, managing our regulatory matters, managing bank and brokerage accounts and financial books and records of our business and operations, entering into financial derivatives on our behalf and providing contract administration services for all contracts associated with the   Liquefaction Project  .  Under the   Liquefaction MSA  , we pay a monthly fee equal to   2.4%   of the capital expenditures incurred in the previous month, which is recorded as general and administrative expense affiliate on our Statements of Operations.  After substantial completion of each Train, we will pay a fixed monthly fee of   $541,667   (indexed for inflation) for services with respect to such Train. 
    
  Cheniere Investments Information Technology Services Agreement 
    
  Cheniere Investments has entered into an information technology services agreement with Cheniere, pursuant to which Cheniere Investment s subsidiaries, including us, receive certain information technology services.  On a quarterly basis, the various entities receiving the benefit are invoiced by Cheniere according to the cost allocation percentages set forth in the agreement.  In addition, Cheniere is entitled to reimbursement for all costs incurred by Cheniere that are necessary to perform the services under the agreement.  
    
  LNG Site Sublease Agreement 
    
  We have entered into agreements with SPLNG to sublease a portion of the Sabine Pass LNG terminal site for the   Liquefaction Project  .  The aggregate annual sublease payment is   $0.9 million  , which was increased from   $0.5 million   during 2015.  The initial terms of the subleases expire on December 31, 2034, with options to renew for multiple   10  -year extensions with similar terms as the initial terms.  The annual sublease payments will be adjusted for inflation every   5 years   based on a consumer price index, as defined in the sublease agreements.  
    
  Cooperation Agreement 
  We have entered into an agreement with SPLNG that allows us to retain and acquire certain rights to access the property and facilities that are owned by SPLNG for the purpose of constructing, modifying and operating the   Liquefaction Project  .  In consideration for access given to us, we have agreed to transfer to SPLNG title of certain facilities, equipment and modifications, which SPLNG is obligated to operate and maintain.  The term of this agreement is consistent with our   TUA   described above.  Under this agreement, we conveyed to SPLNG   zero   and   $252.8 million   of assets for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   zero   and   $80.5 million   of assets for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively, which have been recorded as non-cash distributions to affiliates. 
    
  Interconnect Agreement 
  We have entered into an agreement with CTPL to construct certain interconnect facilities between a   94  -mile pipeline that interconnects the Sabine Pass LNG terminal with a number of large interstate pipelines and the   Liquefaction Project  , with ownership and responsibility for maintenance and operation transferred to CTPL following construction.  Upon completion of certain modifications during the third quarter of 2015, we conveyed to CTPL   $10.1 million   of assets under this agreement.  

17 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
  (unaudited) 

Contract for Sale and Purchase of Natural Gas and LNG 
    
  We have entered into an agreement with SPLNG that allows us to sell and purchase natural gas and LNG with SPLNG.  Natural gas and LNG purchased under this agreement are recorded as inventory, except for purchases related to commissioning activities which are capitalized as LNG terminal construction-in-process. 
    
  State Tax Sharing Agreement 
  In August 2012, we entered into a state tax sharing agreement with Cheniere.  Under this agreement, Cheniere has agreed to prepare and file all state and local tax returns which we and Cheniere are required to file on a combined basis and to timely pay the combined state and local tax liability.  If Cheniere, in its sole discretion, demands payment, we will pay to Cheniere an amount equal to the state and local tax that we would be required to pay if our state and local tax liability were calculated on a separate company basis.  There have been   no   state and local taxes paid by Cheniere for which Cheniere could have demanded payment from us under this agreement; therefore, Cheniere has not demanded any such payments from us.  The agreement is effective for tax returns due on or after August 2012. 

NOTE 11 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
    
  The following table (in thousands) provides supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:  

The balance in property, plant and equipment, net funded with accounts payable and accrued liabilities (including affiliate) was   $295.6 million   and   $358.3 million  , as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

NOTE 12 RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
    
  The following table provides a brief description of recent accounting standards that had not been adopted by the Company as of   September 30, 2016  :  
                           Standard 
      
    Description 
      
    Expected Date of Adoption 
      
    Effect on our Financial Statements or Other Significant Matters 
      ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  , and subsequent amendments thereto 

This standard amends existing revenue recognition guidance and requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  This guidance may be early adopted beginning January 1, 2017, and may be adopted either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. 
      
    January 1, 2018 
      
    We are currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of this guidance on our Financial Statements and related disclosures. 
    
      ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

This standard requires an entity s management to evaluate, for each reporting period, whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the financial statements are issued.  Additional disclosures are required if management concludes that conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.  Early adoption is permitted. 
      
    December 31, 2016 
      
    The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have an impact on our Financial Statements or related disclosures. 

18 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
  (unaudited) 

Standard 
      
    Description 
      
    Expected Date of Adoption 
      
    Effect on our Financial Statements or Other Significant Matters 
      ASU 2015-11,   Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory 

This standard requires inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value.  Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation.  This guidance may be early adopted and must be adopted prospectively. 
      
    January 1, 2017 
      
    We are currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of this guidance on our Financial Statements and related disclosures. 
      ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842) 
      
    This standard requires a lessee to recognize leases on its balance sheet by recording a liability representing the obligation to make future lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.  A lessee is permitted to make an election not to recognize lease assets and liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less.  The standard also modifies the definition of a lease and requires expanded disclosures.  This guidance may be early adopted, and must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach with certain available practical expedients. 
      
    January 1, 2019 

We are currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of this guidance on our Financial Statements and related disclosures. 
      ASU 2016-16,   Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory 
      
    This standard requires the immediate recognition of the tax consequences of intercompany asset transfers other than inventory.  This guidance may be early adopted, but only at the beginning of an annual period, and must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach. 
      
    January 1, 2018 

We are currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of this guidance on our Financial Statements and related disclosures. 

Additionally, the following table provides a brief description of a recent accounting standard that was adopted by the Company during the reporting period:  
                           Standard 
      
    Description 
      
    Date of Adoption 
      
    Effect on our Financial Statements or Other Significant Matters 
      ASU 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs   and ASU 2015-15,   Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements 
      
    These standards require debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability rather than as an asset.  Debt issuance costs incurred in connection with line of credit arrangements may be presented as an asset and subsequently amortized ratably over the term of the line of credit arrangement.  This guidance may be early adopted, and must be adopted retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented. 
      
    January 1, 2016 
      
    Upon adoption of these standards, the balance of debt, net was reduced by the balance of debt issuance costs, net, except for the balance related to line of credit arrangements, on our Balance Sheets.  See    Note 9 Debt    for additional disclosures. 

19 

ITEM 2.  
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  
  This   quarterly   report contains certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be,  forward-looking statements.   All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included herein or incorporated herein by reference are  forward-looking statements.  Included among  forward-looking statements  are, among other things:  
             
    statements that we expect to commence or complete construction of our natural gas liquefaction project, or any expansions or portions thereof, by certain dates, or at all;  
                
    s  tatements regarding future levels of domestic and international natural gas production, supply or consumption or future levels of LNG imports into or exports from North America and other countries worldwide or purchases of natural gas, regardless of the source of such information, or the transportation or other infrastructure or demand for and prices related to natural gas, LNG or other hydrocarbon products  ; 
                
    statements regarding any financing transactions or arrangements, or ability to enter into such transactions; 
                
    statements relating to the construction of our Trains, including statements concerning the engagement of any EPC contractor or other contractor and the anticipated terms and provisions of any agreement with any EPC or other contractor, and anticipated costs related thereto; 
                
    statements regarding any SPA or other agreement to be entered into or performed substantially in the future, including any revenues anticipated to be received and the anticipated timing thereof, and statements regarding the amounts of total natural gas liquefaction or storage capacities that are, or may become, subject to contracts; 
                
    statements regarding counterparties to our commercial contracts, construction contracts and other contracts; 
                
    statements regarding our planned development and construction of additional Trains, including the financing of such Trains; 
                
    statements that our Trains, when completed, will have certain characteristics, including amounts of liquefaction capacities; 
                
    statements regarding our business strategy, our strengths, our business and operation plans or any other plans, forecasts, projections, or objectives, including anticipated revenues, capital expenditures, maintenance and operating costs and cash flows, any or all of which are subject to change; 
                
    statements regarding legislative, governmental, regulatory, administrative or other public body actions, approvals, requirements, permits, applications, filings, investigations, proceedings or decisions; and 
                
    any other statements that relate to non-historica  l or future information. 
     All of these types of statements, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements.  In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as  may,   will,   could,   should,   expect,   plan,   project,   intend,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   potential,   pursue,   target,   continue,  the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology.  The forward-looking statements contained in this   quarterly   report are largely based on our expectations, which reflect estimates and assumptions made by our management.  These estimates and assumptions reflect our best judgment based on currently known market conditions and other factors.  Although we believe that such estimates are reasonable, they are inherently uncertain and involve a number of risks and uncertainties beyond our control.  In addition, assumptions may prove to be inaccurate.  We caution that the forward-looking statements contained in this   quarterly   report are not guarantees of future performance and that such statements may not be realized or the forward-looking statements or events may not occur.  Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in forward-looking statements due to factors described in this   quarterly   report and in the other reports and other information that we file with the SEC.  These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  
    
  Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors, including those discussed under  Risk Factors  in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these risk factors.  Other than as required under the securities laws, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements or provide reasons why actual results may differ.  
  
   20 

Introduction 
    
  The following discussion and analysis presents management s view of our business, financial condition and overall performance and should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements and the accompanying notes.  This information is intended to provide investors with an understanding of our past performance, current financial condition and outlook for the future.  Our discussion and analysis includes the following subjects:  
             
    Overview of Business  
                
    Overview of Significant Events 
                
    Liquidity and Capital Resources  
                
    Results of Operations  
                
    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
                
    Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
                
    Recent Accounting Standards 

Overview of Business 
    
  We were formed by Cheniere Partners to own, develop and operate natural gas liquefaction facilities in Cameron Parish, Louisiana   (the  Liquefaction Project )   at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal adjacent to the existing regasification facilities owned and operated by SPLNG.  Our vision is to be recognized as the premier global LNG company and provide a reliable, competitive and integrated source of LNG to our customers while creating a safe, productive and rewarding work environment for our employees.  We plan to construct up to six Trains, which are in various stages of development and construction.  Trains 1 and 2 have commenced operating activities, Train 3 is undergoing commissioning, Trains 4 and 5 are under construction and Train 6 is fully permitted.  Each Train is expected to have a nominal production capacity of approximately 4.5   mtpa   of LNG.  

Overview of Significant Events 
    
  Our significant accomplishments since January 1,   2016   and through the filing date of this Form 10-Q include the following: 
             
    We commenced production and shipment of LNG commissioning cargoes from Trains 1 and 2 of the   Liquefaction Project   in February and August 2016, respectively, and achieved substantial completion and commenced operating activities in May and September 2016, respectively. 
                
    In September 2016, we initiated the commissioning process for Train 3 of the   Liquefaction Project  . 
                
    In October 2016, the previously announced planned outage to improve performance of the flare systems at the   Liquefaction Project  , as well as to perform scheduled maintenance to Train 1 and other facilities, was completed on schedule and budget. 
                
    In May 2016, Jack Fusco was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer. 
                
    In June and September 2016, we issued 5.875% Senior Secured Notes due 2026   (the  2026 Senior Notes )   and 5.00% Senior Secured Notes due 2027   (the  2027 Senior Notes )  , respectively, for aggregate principal amounts of   $1.5 billion   each.  Net proceeds of the offerings of the   2026 Senior Notes   and   2027 Senior Notes   were approximately   $1.3 billion   and   $1.4 billion  , respectively, after deducting commissions, fees and expenses and incremental interest required under the respective senior notes during construction.  The net proceeds were used to prepay a portion (for the   2026 Senior Notes  ) or all (for the   2027 Senior Notes  ) of the outstanding borrowings under the credit facilities we entered into in June 2015   (the  2015 Credit Facilities )  .  The remaining proceeds from the   2027 Senior Notes   are being used to pay a portion of the capital costs in connection with the construction of Trains 1 through 5 of the Liquefaction Project in lieu of the terminated portion of the commitments under the   2015 Credit Facilities  . 

21 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   zero   cash and cash equivalents and   $325.6 million   of current restricted cash. 
    
  Liquefaction Facilities 
    
  Our   Liquefaction Project   is being developed and constructed at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal adjacent to the existing regasification facilities.  We have received authorization from the   FERC   to site, construct and operate Trains 1 through 6.  We commenced construction of Trains 1 and 2 and the related new facilities needed to treat, liquefy, store and export natural gas in August 2012.  In May 2016 and September 2016, Trains 1 and 2 achieved substantial completion, respectively.  Construction of Trains 3 and 4 and the related facilities commenced in May 2013.  In June 2015, we commenced construction of Train 5 and the related facilities.  In October 2016, the previously announced planned outage to improve performance of the flare systems at the   Liquefaction Project  , as well as to perform scheduled maintenance to Train 1 and other facilities, was completed on schedule and budget. 
    
  The   DOE   has authorized the export of domestically produced LNG by vessel from Trains 1 through 4 of the Sabine Pass LNG terminal to   FTA countries   for a 30-year term, which commenced on May 15, 2016, and to   non-FTA countries   for a 20-year term, which commenced on June 3, 2016, in an amount up to a combined total of the equivalent of 16   mtpa   (approximately 803   Bcf/yr   of natural gas).  The   DOE   further issued orders authorizing us to export domestically produced LNG by vessel from Trains 1 through 4 of the Sabine Pass LNG terminal to   FTA countries   for a 25-year term and non-FTA countries for a 20-year term, in an amount up to a combined total of the equivalent of approximately 203   Bcf/yr   of natural gas.  Additionally, the   DOE   issued orders authorizing us to export domestically produced LNG by vessel from Trains 5 and 6 of the Sabine Pass LNG terminal to   FTA countries   and   non-FTA countries   for a 20-year term, in an amount up to a combined total of 503.3   Bcf/yr   (approximately 10 mtpa) of natural gas.  A party to the proceedings requested rehearings of the orders above related to the export of 803   Bcf/yr  , 203   Bcf/yr   and 503.3   Bcf/yr   to non-FTA countries.  The   DOE   issued orders denying rehearing of the orders related to 803   Bcf/yr   and 503.3   Bcf/yr   but has not yet issued a final ruling on the rehearing request related to the 203   Bcf/yr  .  In July 2016, the same party petitioned the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit to review the DOE order related to the export of 503.3 Bcf/yr to non-FTA countries and the order denying the request for rehearing of the same.  The appeal is pending.  In each case, the terms of these authorizations begin on the earlier of the date of first export thereunder or the date specified in the particular order, which ranges from five to 10 years from the date the order was issued.  In addition, we have a 3-year makeup period with respect to each of the non-FTA orders for LNG volumes we were unable to export during the initial 20-year export period of such order.  Furthermore, in January 2016, the DOE issued an order authorizing us to export domestically produced LNG by vessel from the Sabine Pass LNG terminal to   FTA countries   and   non-FTA countries   over a two-year period commencing on January 15, 2016, in an aggregate amount up to the equivalent of 600   Bcf   of natural gas (however, exports to non-FTA countries under this order, when combined with exports to   non-FTA countries   under the orders related to Trains 1 through 4 above, may not exceed 1,006   Bcf/yr  ). 
    
   As of   September 30, 2016  , Trains 1 and 2 of the   Liquefaction Project   had achieved substantial completion.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the overall project completion percentage for Trains 3 and 4 of the   Liquefaction Project   was approximately   91.8%  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , the overall project completion percentage for Train 5 of the   Liquefaction Project   was approximately   42.8%   with engineering, procurement, subcontract work and construction approximately   90.8%  ,   62.0%  ,   41.9%   and   4.6%   complete, respectively.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the overall project completion of each of our Trains was ahead of the contractual schedule.  We produced our first LNG from Train 1 of the   Liquefaction Project   in February 2016 and achieved substantial completion in May 2016.  We produced our first LNG from Train 2 of the   Liquefaction Project   in August 2016 and achieved substantial completion in September 2016.  Based on our current construction schedule, Trains 3 and 4 are expected to achieve substantial completion in 2017 and Train 5 is expected to achieve substantial completion in 2019. 
    
  Customers 
    
  We have entered into six fixed price, 20-year   SPA  s with third parties to make available an aggregate amount of LNG that equates to approximately 19.75   mtpa   of LNG, which is approximately 88% of the expected aggregate nominal production capacity of Trains 1 through 5.  The obligation to make LNG available under the   SPA  s commences from the date of first commercial delivery for Trains 1 through 5, as specified in each   SPA  .  Under these   SPA  s, the customers will purchase LNG from us for a price consisting of a fixed fee (a portion of which is subject to annual adjustment for inflation) per MMBtu of LNG plus a variable fee equal to  
  
   22 

115% of   Henry Hub   per   MMBtu   of LNG.  In certain circumstances, the customers may elect to cancel or suspend deliveries of LNG cargoes, in which case the customers would still be required to pay the fixed fee with respect to the contracted volumes that are not delivered as a result of such cancellation or suspension.  The   SPA  s and contracted volumes to be made available under the   SPA  s are not tied to a specific Train; however, the term of each   SPA   commences upon the start of operations of a specified Train. 
    
  In aggregate, the fixed fee portion to be paid by the third-party   SPA   customers is approximately $2.9 billion annually for Trains 1 through 5, with the applicable fixed fees starting from the date of first commercial delivery from the applicable Train.  These fixed fees equal approximately $411 million, $564 million, $650 million, $648 million and $588 million for each of Trains 1 through 5, respectively. 
    
  In addition, Cheniere Marketing has entered into an   SPA   with us to purchase, at Cheniere Marketing s option, any LNG produced by us in excess of that required for other customers. 
    
  Natural Gas Transportation, Storage and Supply 
    
  To ensure we are able to transport adequate natural gas feedstock to the Sabine Pass LNG terminal, we have entered into transportation precedent and other agreements to secure firm pipeline transportation capacity with CTPL, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cheniere Partners, and third-party pipeline companies.  We have entered into firm storage services agreements with third parties to assist us in managing volatility in natural gas needs for the Liquefaction Project.  We have also entered into enabling agreements and long-term natural gas supply contracts with third parties in order to secure natural gas feedstock for the Liquefaction Project.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have secured up to approximately   1,982.0 million   MMBtu of natural gas feedstock through long-term natural gas supply contracts. 
    
  Construction 
       
  We have entered into lump sum turnkey contracts with Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc.   ( Bechtel )   for the engineering, procurement and construction of Trains 1 through 5, under which   Bechtel   charges a lump sum for all work performed and generally bears project cost risk unless certain specified events occur, in which case   Bechtel   may cause us to enter into a change order, or we agree with   Bechtel   to a change order.   
    
  The total contract prices of the   EPC   contract for Trains 1 and 2, the   EPC   contract for Trains 3 and 4 and the EPC Contract for Train 5 of the   Liquefaction Project   are approximately   $4.1 billion  ,   $3.9 billion   and   $3.0 billion  , respectively, reflecting amounts incurred under change orders through   September 30, 2016  .  Total expected capital costs for Trains 1 through 5 are estimated to be between   $12.5 billion   and   $13.5 billion   before financing costs and between   $17.0 billion   and   $18.0 billion   after financing costs, including, in each case, estimated owner s costs and contingencies.  
    
  Final Investment Decision on Train 6 
    
  We will contemplate making a final investment decision to commence construction of Train 6 of the   Liquefaction Project   based upon, among other things, entering into an   EPC   contract, entering into acceptable commercial arrangements and obtaining adequate financing to construct the Train. 
    
  Terminal Use Agreements 
    
  We have entered into a   TUA   with SPLNG to provide berthing for LNG vessels and for the unloading, loading, storage and regasification of LNG, which will provide us access to additional facilities needed for us to deliver LNG to our SPA customers.  We have reserved approximately   2.0     Bcf/d   of regasification capacity and we are obligated to make monthly capacity payments to SPLNG aggregating approximately   $250 million   per year   (the  TUA Fees )  , continuing until at least   20 years   after we deliver our first commercial cargo at the Liquefaction Project.  We obtained this reserved capacity as a result of an assignment in July 2012 by Cheniere Investments of its rights, title and interest under its   TUA  .  In connection with the assignment, we, Cheniere Investments and SPLNG also entered into a terminal use rights assignment and agreement   (the  TURA )   pursuant to which Cheniere Investments has the right to use our reserved capacity under the   TUA   and has the obligation to pay the   TUA Fees   required by the   TUA   to SPLNG.  Cheniere Investments  right to use our capacity at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal will be reduced as each of Trains 1 through 4 reaches commercial operation.  The percentage of the   TUA Fees   payable by Cheniere Investments will be reduced from   100%   to   zero   (unless Cheniere Investments utilizes terminal use capacity after Train 4 reaches commercial operations), and the percentage of the   TUA Fees   payable by us will increase by the amount that Cheniere Investments  percentage decreases.  In May  
  
   23 

2016, Cheniere Investments  percentage of all   TUA Fees   payable to SPLNG was reduced from 100% to 75% and our percentage of all   TUA Fees   payable to SPLNG increased from zero to 25% in accordance with the   TURA  .  Subsequently, in September 2016, upon substantial completion of Train 2 of the   Liquefaction Project  , Cheniere Investments  percentage of all   TUA Fees   payable to SPLNG was further reduced from 75% to 50% and our percentage of all   TUA Fees   payable to SPLNG was further increased from 25% to 50% in accordance with the   TURA  .  Cheniere Partners has guaranteed our obligations under our   TUA   and the obligations of Cheniere Investments under the   TURA  .  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded operating and maintenance expense affiliate of   $18.5 million   and   $28.8 million  , respectively, for the   TUA Fees   and cost of sales affiliate of   $1.8 million   and   $2.5 million  , respectively, for cargo loading services incurred under the   TURA  . 
    
  Capital Resources 
    
  We currently expect that our capital resources requirements with respect to Trains 1 through 5 of the   Liquefaction Project   will be financed through one or more of the following: borrowings, equity contributions from Cheniere Partners and cash flows under the   SPA  s.  We believe that with the net proceeds of borrowings, available commitments under the   2015 Credit Facilities  , available commitments under the   Working Capital Facility   (as defined below) and cash flows from operations, we will have adequate financial resources available to complete Trains 1 through 5 of the   Liquefaction Project   and to meet our currently anticipated capital, operating and debt service requirements.  We began generating cash flows from operations from the   Liquefaction Project   in May 2016, when Train 1 achieved substantial completion and initiated operating activities.  Additionally, during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we realized offsets to LNG terminal costs of   $58.7 million   and   $201.0 million  , respectively, that were related to the sale of commissioning cargoes because these amounts were earned prior to the start of commercial operations, during the testing phase for the construction of Trains 1 and 2 of the   Liquefaction Project  . 
    
  Senior Secured Notes 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had seven series of senior secured notes outstanding: 
         Interest on the   Senior Notes   is payable semi-annually in arrears.  Subject to permitted liens, the   Senior Notes   are secured on a first-priority basis by a security interest in all of the membership interests in us and substantially all of our assets. 
    
  At any time prior to three months before the respective dates of maturity for each series of the   Senior Notes  , we may redeem all or part of such series of the   Senior Notes   at a redemption price equal to the  make-whole  price set forth in the common indenture governing the   Senior Notes     (the  Indenture )  , plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption.  We may also, at any time within three months of the respective maturity dates for each series of the   Senior Notes  , redeem all or part of such series of the   Senior Notes   at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such series of the   Senior Notes   to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption. 
    
  Under the   Indenture  , we may not make any distributions until, among other requirements, deposits are made into debt service reserve accounts as required and a debt service coverage ratio test of 1.25:1.00 is satisfied. 
    
  The   Indenture   includes restrictive covenants.  We may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including by issuing additional notes, and such indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and have different maturity dates and more restrictive covenants than our current outstanding indebtedness, including the   Senior Notes  , the   2015 Credit Facilities   and the   Working Capital Facility  .  

24 

2015 Credit Facilities    
  In June 2015, we entered into the   2015 Credit Facilities   with commitments aggregating $4.6 billion.  The   2015 Credit Facilities   are being used to fund a portion of the costs of developing, constructing and placing into operation Trains 1 through 5 of the   Liquefaction Project  .  Borrowings under the   2015 Credit Facilities   may be refinanced, in whole or in part, at any time without premium or penalty; however, interest rate hedging and interest rate breakage costs may be incurred.  During 2016, in conjunction with the issuance of the   2026 Senior Notes   and the   2027 Senior Notes  , we prepaid outstanding borrowings and terminated commitments under the   2015 Credit Facilities   for approximately   $2.6 billion  .  These prepayments and termination of commitments resulted in a write-off of debt issuance costs associated with the   2015 Credit Facilities   of   $25.8 million   and   $51.8 million   during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $2.0 billion   of available commitments and   no   outstanding borrowings under the   2015 Credit Facilities  . 
    
  Loans under the   2015 Credit Facilities   accrue interest at a variable rate per annum equal to, at our election,   LIBOR   or the base rate plus the applicable margin.  The applicable margin for LIBOR loans ranges from 1.30% to 1.75%, depending on the applicable   2015 Credit Facility  , and the applicable margin for base rate loans is 1.75%.  Interest on LIBOR loans is due and payable at the end of each LIBOR period, and interest on base rate loans is due and payable at the end of each quarter.  In addition, we are required to pay insurance/guarantee premiums of 0.45% per annum on any drawn amounts under the covered tranches of the   2015 Credit Facilities  .  The   2015 Credit Facilities   also require us to pay a quarterly commitment fee calculated at a rate per annum equal to either: (1) 40% of the applicable margin, multiplied by the average daily amount of the undrawn commitment, or (2) 0.70% of the undrawn commitment, depending on the applicable   2015 Credit Facility  .  The principal of the loans made under the   2015 Credit Facilities   must be repaid in quarterly installments, commencing with the earlier of June 30, 2020 and the last day of the first full calendar quarter after the completion date of Trains 1 through 5 of the   Liquefaction Project  .  Scheduled repayments are based upon an 18-year amortization profile, with the remaining balance due upon the maturity of the   2015 Credit Facilities  . 
    
  The   2015 Credit Facilities   contain conditions precedent for borrowings, as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants.  Our obligations under the   2015 Credit Facilities   are secured by substantially all of our assets as well as all of our membership interests on a   pari passu   basis with the   Senior Notes   and the   Working Capital Facility  . 
    
  Under the terms of the   2015 Credit Facilities  , we are required to hedge not less than 65% of the variable interest rate exposure of our projected outstanding borrowings, calculated on a weighted average basis in comparison to our anticipated draw of principal.  Additionally, we may not make any distributions until certain conditions have been met, including that deposits are made into debt service reserve accounts and a debt service coverage ratio test of 1.25:1.00 is satisfied. 
    
  2013 Credit Facilities    
   In May 2013, we entered into four credit facilities aggregating $5.9 billion   (collectively, the  2013 Credit Facilities )   to fund a portion of the costs of developing, constructing and placing into operation Trains 1 through 4 of the   Liquefaction Project  .  In June 2015, the   2013 Credit Facilities   were replaced with the   2015 Credit Facilities  . 
    
  In March 2015, in conjunction with our issuance of the   2025 Senior Notes  , we terminated approximately $1.8 billion of commitments under the   2013 Credit Facilities  .  This termination and the replacement of the   2013 Credit Facilities   with the   2015 Credit Facilities   in June 2015 resulted in a write-off of debt issuance costs and deferred commitment fees associated with the   2013 Credit Facilities   of $96.3 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
       
  Working Capital Facility  
    
  In September 2015, we entered into a $1.2 billion Amended and Restated Senior Working Capital Revolving Credit and Letter of Credit Reimbursement Agreement   (the  Working Capital Facility )  , which replaced the $325.0 million Senior Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement that was entered into in April 2014.  The   Working Capital Facility   is intended to be used for loans   ( Working Capital Loans )  , the issuance of letters of credit, as well as for swing line loans   ( Swing Line Loans )  , primarily for certain working capital requirements related to developing and placing into operation the   Liquefaction Project  .  We may, from time to time, request increases in the commitments under the   Working Capital Facility   of up to $760 million and, upon the completion of the debt financing of Train 6 of the   Liquefaction Project  , request an incremental increase in commitments of up to an additional $390 million.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $764.5 million   of available commitments,   $337.0 million   aggregate amount of issued letters of credit and   $98.5 million   of loans outstanding under the   Working Capital Facility  .  As of December 31, 2015, we  
  
   25 

had $1.1 billion of available commitments, $135.2 million aggregate amount of issued letters of credit and $15.0 million of loans outstanding under the Working Capital Facility.  
    
  The   Working Capital Facility   accrues interest at a variable rate per annum equal to LIBOR or the base rate (equal to the highest of the senior facility agent s published prime rate, the federal funds effective rate, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, plus 0.50% and one month LIBOR plus 0.50%), plus the applicable margin.  The applicable margin for LIBOR loans under the   Working Capital Facility   is 1.75% per annum, and the applicable margin for base rate loans under the   Working Capital Facility   is 0.75% per annum.  Interest on   Swing Line Loans   and loans deemed made in connection with a draw upon a letter of credit   ( LC Loans )   is due and payable on the date the loan becomes due.  Interest on LIBOR   Working Capital Loans   is due and payable at the end of each applicable LIBOR period, and interest on base rate   Working Capital Loans   is due and payable at the end of each fiscal quarter.  However, if such base rate Working Capital Loan is converted into a LIBOR Working Capital Loan, interest is due and payable on that date.  Additionally, if the loans become due prior to such periods, the interest also becomes due on that date. 
    
  We pay (1) a commitment fee equal to an annual rate of 0.70% on the average daily amount of the excess of the total commitment amount over the principal amount outstanding without giving effect to any outstanding   Swing Line Loans   and (2) a letter of credit fee equal to an annual rate of 1.75% of the undrawn portion of all letters of credit issued under the Working Capital Facility.  If draws are made upon a letter of credit issued under the   Working Capital Facility   and we do not elect for such draw   (an  LC Draw )   to be deemed an LC Loan, we are required to pay the full amount of the   LC Draw   on or prior to the business day following the notice of the   LC Draw  .  An   LC Draw   accrues interest at an annual rate of 2.0% plus the base rate.  As of   September 30, 2016  , no   LC Draw  s had been made upon any letters of credit issued under the   Working Capital Facility  .  
    
  The   Working Capital Facility   matures on December 31, 2020, and the outstanding balance may be repaid, in whole or in part, at any time without premium or penalty upon three business days  notice.    LC Loans   have a term of up to one year.    Swing Line Loans   terminate upon the earliest of (1) the maturity date or earlier termination of the   Working Capital Facility  , (2) the date 15 days after such Swing Line Loan is made and (3) the first borrowing date for a Working Capital Loan or Swing Line Loan occurring at least three business days following the date the Swing Line Loan is made.  We are required to reduce the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all   Working Capital Loans   to zero for a period of five consecutive business days at least once each year.  
    
  The   Working Capital Facility   contains conditions precedent for extensions of credit, as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants.  Our obligations under the   Working Capital Facility   are secured by substantially all of our assets as well as all of our membership interests on a   pari passu   basis with the   Senior Notes   and the   2015 Credit Facilities  . 

26 

Sources and Uses of Cash 
    
  The following table (in thousands) summarizes the sources and uses of our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  .  The table presents capital expenditures on a cash basis; therefore, these amounts differ from the amounts of capital expenditures, including accruals, which are referred to elsewhere in this report.  Additional discussion of these items follows the table. 

Operating Cash Flows 
    
  Operating cash flows during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   were   $157.3 million   and   $230.2 million  , respectively.  The decrease in operating cash outflows in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily related to increased cash receipts from the sale of LNG cargoes, partially offset by increased operating costs and expenses as a result of the commencement of operations of Trains 1 and 2 of the   Liquefaction Project   in May and September 2016, respectively. 
    
  Investing Cash Flows 
    
  Investing cash flows during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   were   $1.9 billion   and   $2.1 billion  , respectively, and were primarily used to fund the construction costs for Trains 1 through 5 of the   Liquefaction Project  .  These costs are capitalized as construction-in-process until achievement of substantial completion.  Additionally, during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , we used   $32.1 million   and   $50.3 million  , respectively, primarily to pay a municipal water district for water system enhancements that will increase potable water supply to the Sabine Pass LNG terminal and payments made pursuant to the information technology services agreement for capital assets purchased on our behalf.  
    
  Financing Cash Flows 
    
  Financing cash flows during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   were   $2.2 billion  , primarily as a result of: 
              
    issuance of an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion of the   2026 Senior Notes   in June 2016, which was used to prepay $1.3 billion of the outstanding borrowings under the   2015 Credit Facilities  ; 
                
    issuance of an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion of the   2027 Senior Notes   in September 2016, which was used to prepay $1.2 billion of the outstanding borrowings under the   2015 Credit Facilities   and pay a portion of the capital costs in connection with the construction of Trains 1 through 5 of the   Liquefaction Project  ; 
                
    $313.5 million of borrowings and a $230.0 million repayment made under the   Working Capital Facility  ; 
     
   27 

$40.7 million   of debt issuance costs related to up-front fees paid upon the closing of these transactions; and 
                
    $1.3 million   of equity contributions from Cheniere Partners, which decreased compared to the contributions received in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , as a result of utilizing our borrowings instead of equity contributions from Cheniere Partners to finance our capital resource requirements. 
       
  Financing cash flows during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   were   $2.1 billion  , primarily as a result of: 
               
    $176.0 million   of debt issuance and deferred financing costs related to up-front fees paid upon the closing of these transactions; and 
                
    $15.3 million   of equity contributions from Cheniere Partners. 

Results of Operations 
    
  Our net loss was   $104.3 million   in the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to a net loss of   $12.8 million   in the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  This   $91.5 million   increase in net loss in 2016 was primarily a result of increased interest expense, net of amounts capitalized, loss from operations and loss on early extinguishment of debt, which was partially offset by decreased derivative loss, net. 
    
  Our net loss was   $238.3 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to a net loss of   $230.5 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  This   $7.8 million   increase in net loss in 2016 was primarily a result of increased interest expense, net of amounts capitalized, and loss from operations, which was partially offset by decreased loss on early extinguishment of debt and derivative loss, net. 
    
  Revenues 

We began recognizing LNG revenues from the   Liquefaction Project   following the substantial completion of Trains 1 and 2 in May and September 2016, respectively.  Prior to these dates, amounts received from the sale of commissioning cargoes were offset against LNG terminal construction-in-process because these amounts were earned during the testing phase for the construction of those Trains of the   Liquefaction Project  .  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we loaded a total of   60.3 million   MMBtu and   113.8 million   MMBtu of LNG, respectively, of which   50.8 million   MMBtu and   69.0 million   MMBtu, respectively, resulted in the recognition of revenues related to this volume.  The remaining   9.5 million   MMBtu and   44.8 million   MMBtu of LNG loaded during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, were recognized as offsets to LNG terminal costs as they related to the sale of commissioning cargoes. 

28 

Operating costs and expenses 

Our total operating costs and expenses increased   $289.7 million   and   $367.0 million   during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively, primarily as a result of the commencement of operations of Trains 1 and 2 of the   Liquefaction Project   in May and September 2016, respectively, compared to a significant cost recovery recorded during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  This cost recovery was due to a $32.2 million increase in fair value for our natural gas supply contracts recorded for the period, which we recognized following the completion and placement into service of certain modifications to the underlying pipeline infrastructure and the resulting development of a market for physical gas delivery at locations specified in a portion of our natural gas supply contracts.  Cost of sales includes costs incurred directly for the production and delivery of LNG from the   Liquefaction Project   such as natural gas feedstock, variable transportation and storage costs, derivative gains and losses associated with economic hedges to secure natural gas feedstock for the   Liquefaction Project  , and other related costs to convert natural gas into LNG, all to the extent not utilized for the commissioning process.  Operating and maintenance expense includes costs associated with operating and maintaining the   Liquefaction Project   such as third-party service and maintenance contract costs, payroll and benefit costs of operations personnel, natural gas transportation and storage capacity demand charges, derivative gains and losses related to the sale and purchase of LNG associated with the regasification terminal, insurance and regulatory costs.  Depreciation and amortization expense increased during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   as we began depreciation of our assets related to Trains 1 and 2 of the   Liquefaction Project   upon reaching substantial completion. 
    
  Offsetting the increases above was a decrease to terminal use agreement maintenance expense of   $17.2 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  This decrease was primarily as a result of not needing to import a cargo necessary to maintain the cryogenic readiness of the regasification facilities at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we incurred our proportionate share of the costs of the cargo imported in order to maintain the cryogenic readiness of the regasification facilities at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal, which we are required to reimburse pursuant to our TUA with SPLNG.  
    
  General and administrative expense affiliate decreased   $6.5 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  This decrease was primarily a result of reallocation of resources from general and administrative activities to operating and maintenance activities following commencement of operations at the   Liquefaction Project  . 
    
  Other expense (income) 

29 

Interest expense, net of capitalized interest, increased   $54.0 million   and   $67.9 million   during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively, due to an increase in our indebtedness outstanding (before premium and unamortized debt issuance costs), from $8.8 billion as of   September 30, 2015   to   $11.6 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  , and the decrease in the portion of total interest costs that could be capitalized as Trains 1 and 2 of the   Liquefaction Project   are no longer in construction.  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we incurred   $168.2 million   and   $469.5 million   of total interest cost, respectively, of which we capitalized   $102.3 million   and   $370.3 million  , respectively.  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we incurred   $141.1 million   and   $388.0 million   of total interest cost, respectively, of which we capitalized   $129.1 million   and   $356.7 million  , respectively.  
    
  Loss on early extinguishment of debt increased by   $25.8 million   in the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , whereas it decreased   $44.2 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  Loss on early extinguishment of debt during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was attributable to a   $25.8 million   write-off of debt issuance costs related to the prepayment of outstanding borrowings and termination of commitments under the   2015 Credit Facilities   of approximately   $1.4 billion   in September 2016 in connection with the issuance of the   2027 Senior Notes  .  Loss on early extinguishment of debt during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   further included a $26.0 million write-off of debt issuance costs related to the prepayment of approximately $1.3 billion of outstanding borrowings under the   2015 Credit Facilities   in June 2016 in connection with the issuance of the   2026 Senior Notes  .  Loss on early extinguishment of debt during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was attributable to a $7.3 million write-off of debt issuance costs and deferred commitment fees related to the termination and replacement of the   2013 Credit Facilities   with the   2015 Credit Facilities   in June 2015 and a $89.0 million write-off of debt issuance costs and deferred commitment fees related to the termination of approximately $1.8 billion of commitments under the   2013 Credit Facilities   in March 2015.  
    
   Derivative loss (gain), net decreased   $13.4 million   from a loss of   $10.9 million   in the   three months ended September 30, 2015   to a gain of   $2.6 million   in the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , primarily due to a relative increase in the forward LIBOR curve in the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  Derivative loss, net decreased by   $33.1 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , primarily due to the $34.7 million loss recognized in March 2015 upon the termination of interest rate swaps associated with the   2013 Credit Facilities  . 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had no transactions that met the definition of off-balance sheet arrangements that may have a current or future material effect on our financial position or operating results.  

Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
    
  The preparation of our Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Financial Statements and the accompanying notes.  There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates from those disclosed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Recent Accounting Standards    
    
  For descriptions of recently issued accounting standards, see    Note 12 Recent Accounting Standards    of our Notes to Financial Statements. 

ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
       
  Marketing and Trading Commodity Price Risk 
    
  We have entered into commodity derivatives consisting of natural gas supply contracts to secure natural gas feedstock for the   Liquefaction Project     ( Liquefaction Supply Derivatives )  .  In order to test the sensitivity of the fair value of our   Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   to changes in underlying commodity prices, management modeled a 10% change in the basis price for natural gas for each delivery location.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we estimated the fair value of our   Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   to be   $12.1 million  .  Based on actual derivative contractual volumes, a 10% increase or decrease in the underlying basis prices would have resulted in a change in the fair value of our   Liquefaction Supply Derivatives   of   $0.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to $0.9 million as of   December 31, 2015  .  See    Note 6 Derivative Instruments    for additional details about our derivative instruments. 
  
   30 

Interest Rate Risk 
    
  We have entered into interest rate swaps to hedge the exposure to volatility in a portion of the floating-rate interest payments under our   2015 Credit Facilities     ( Interest Rate Derivatives )  .  In order to test the sensitivity of the fair value of the   Interest Rate Derivatives   to changes in interest rates, management modeled a 10% change in the forward 1-month LIBOR curve across the remaining term of the   Interest Rate Derivatives  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , we estimated the fair value of the   Interest Rate Derivatives   to be a liability of   $15.9 million  .  This 10% change in interest rates would have resulted in a change in the fair value of our   Interest Rate Derivatives   of   $1.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to $3.1 million as of   December 31, 2015  .  The decrease in the effect of change in interest rates was due to a decrease in the forward 1-month   LIBOR   curve during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 

ITEM 4.    
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
       
  We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports voluntarily filed by us under the   Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended     (the  Exchange Act )  , is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the   SEC   s rules and forms.  As of the end of the period covered by this report, we evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the   Exchange Act  .  Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
    
  During the most recent fiscal quarter, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

31 

PART II. 
    OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.    
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
       
  We may in the future be involved as a party to various legal proceedings, which are incidental to the ordinary course of business.  We regularly analyze current information and, as necessary, provide accruals for probable liabilities on the eventual disposition of these matters. 
    
  Please see Part II, Item 1,  Legal Proceedings - LDEQ Matter  in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016. 

ITEM 1A.    
    RISK FACTORS 
       
  There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

ITEM 5. 
    OTHER INFORMATION  
       
  Compliance Disclosure 
    
  Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the   Exchange Act  , if during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , we or any of our affiliates had engaged in certain transactions with Iran or with persons or entities designated under certain executive orders, we would be required to disclose information regarding such transactions in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q as required under Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012.  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , we did not engage in any transactions with Iran or with persons or entities related to Iran. 

32 

ITEM 6.  
    EXHIBITS 
                      Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      4.1 
      
    Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2016, between Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Cheniere Partners  Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-33366), filed on September 23, 2016) 
      4.2 
      
    Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 23 2016, between Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Cheniere Partners  Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-33366), filed on September 23, 2016) 
      10.1* 
      
    Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Liquefaction Facility, dated as of November 11, 2011, between Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC and Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00048 N2 Supply for High Pressure Tightness Test During Commissioning and Startup, dated July 12, 2016, (ii) the Change Order CO-00050 Train 2 N2 Dryout, dated July 29, 2016, (iii) the Change Order CO-00051 Six-Day Work Week for Insulation Scope   Subproject 2, dated August 9, 2016, and (iv) the Change Order CO-00052 Process Flares Modification Provisional Sum, dated September 1, 2016 (Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the SEC pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.) 
      10.2* 
      
    Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 2 Liquefaction Facility, dated as of December 20, 2012, between Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC and Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00024 Additional Support for FERC Document Requests, dated June 20, 2016, (ii) the Change Order CO-00025 N2 Supply for High Pressure Tightness Test During Commissioning and Startup, dated July 12, 2016, (iii) the Change Order CO-00027 Addition of Check Valves to Condensate Lines, dated July 29, 2016, (iv) the Change Order CO-00028 Additional Professional Services Support Hours for the Flare System Evaluation, dated August 3, 2016, and (v) the Change Order CO-00029 Lump Sum Process Flares Modification, dated September 1, 2016 (Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the SEC pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.) 
      10.3* 
      
    Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 3 Liquefaction Facility, dated as of May 4, 2015, between Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC and Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: the Change Order CO-00011 Site Drainage Design Change: Professional Service Hours, dated July 26, 2016 
      10.4 
      
    Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2016, between Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Cheniere Partners  Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-33366), filed on September 23, 2016) 
      31.1* 
      
    Certification by Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 
      31.2* 
      
    Certification by Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 
      32.1** 
      
    Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32.2** 
      
    Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      101.INS* 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

* 
    Filed herewith. 
      ** 
    Furnished herewith. 

33 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/  Michael J. Wortley 

Michael J. Wortley 

Chief Financial Officer 

(on behalf of the registrant and as principal financial officer) 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/  Leonard Travis  

Leonard Travis 

Chief Accounting Officer 

(on behalf of the registrant and as principal accounting officer) 

34 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101spl2016form10-q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 
    
  CHANGE ORDER FORM 
  N2 Supply for High Pressure Tightness Test During Commissioning and Startup 
    
                 PROJECT NAME:    Sabine Pass LNG Liquefaction Facility 
    
  OWNER:    Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
    
  CONTRACTOR:    Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
    
  DATE OF AGREEMENT: November 11, 2011 
    CHANGE ORDER NUMBER:   CO-00048 
    
  DATE OF CHANGE ORDER: July 12, 2016  

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows:    (attach additional documentation if necessary)    
    
           1. 
    Per Article 6.1.B of the Agreement, Parties agree that, in lieu of using plant air for the leak test and purging the pipe with low pressure nitrogen currently on Site, Bechtel will use high pressure nitrogen during system leak testing for pre-commissioning and startup. 
              2. 
    The overall cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit A. 
              3. 
    Schedule C-1 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 

Adjustment to Contract Price 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule 
  The following dates are modified   (list all dates modified; insert N/A if no dates modified)  :   N/A 

Adjustment to other Changed Criteria   (insert N/A if no changes or impact; attach additional documentation if necessary)    

Adjustment to Payment Schedule:   Yes.  See Exhibit B. 
    
  Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Performance Guarantees:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Design Basis:   N/A 
    
  Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement:   N/A 

Select either A or B  : 
  [A] This Change Order   shall   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:    
  /s/ DV   Contractor     /s/ EL   Owner 

[B] This Change Order   shall not   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall not   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:  ____ Contractor  ____ Owner 
    
  Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order.  Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties  duly authorized representatives.  
    
                   /s/ Ed Lehotsky 
      
    /s/ Dena Volovar 
      Owner 
      
    Contractor 
      Ed Lehotsky 
      
    Dena Volovar 
      Name 
      
    Name 
      SVP LNG E C 
      
    Principal Vice President 
      Title 
      
    Title 
      August 8, 2016 
      
    July 12, 2016 
      Date of Signing 
      
    Date of Signing 

CHANGE ORDER FORM 
  Train 2 N2 Dryout 
    
                 PROJECT NAME:    Sabine Pass LNG Liquefaction Facility 
    
  OWNER:    Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
    
  CONTRACTOR:    Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
    
  DATE OF AGREEMENT: November 11, 2011 
    CHANGE ORDER NUMBER:   CO-00050 
    
  DATE OF CHANGE ORDER: July 29, 2016  

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows:    (attach additional documentation if necessary)    
    
           1. 
    Per Article 6.1.B of the Agreement, Parties agree that in lieu of using defrost gas, Bechtel will use nitrogen provided by SPL to perform dryout of cryogenic piping and equipment on Subproject 2. 
              2. 
    The overall cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit A. 
              3. 
    Schedule C-1 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 

Adjustment to Contract Price 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule 
  The following dates are modified   (list all dates modified; insert N/A if no dates modified)  :   N/A 

Adjustment to other Changed Criteria   (insert N/A if no changes or impact; attach additional documentation if necessary)     N/A 

Adjustment to Payment Schedule:   Yes.  See Exhibit B. 
    
  Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Performance Guarantees:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Design Basis:   N/A 
    
  Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement:   N/A 
    
  Select either A or B  : 
  [A] This Change Order   shall   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:    
  /s/ DV   Contractor     /s/ EL   Owner 

[B] This Change Order   shall not   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall not   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:  ____ Contractor  ____ Owner 

Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order.  Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties  duly authorized representatives.  
    
                   /s/ Ed Lehotsky 
      
    /s/ Dena Volovar 
      Owner 
      
    Contractor 
      Ed Lehotsky 
      
    Dena Volovar 
      Name 
      
    Name 
      SVP LNG E C 
      
    Principal Vice President 
      Title 
      
    Title 
      August 16, 2016 
      
    July 29, 2016 
      Date of Signing 
      
    Date of Signing 

CHANGE ORDER FORM 
  Six-Day Work Week for Insulation Scope   Subproject 2 
    
                 PROJECT NAME:    Sabine Pass LNG Liquefaction Facility 
    
  OWNER:    Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
    
  CONTRACTOR:    Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
    
  DATE OF AGREEMENT: November 11, 2011 
    CHANGE ORDER NUMBER:   CO-00051 
    
  DATE OF CHANGE ORDER: August 9, 2016  

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows:    (attach additional documentation if necessary)    
    
           1. 
    Per Article 6.1.B of the Agreement, Parties agree that Bechtel will work a six-day work week to advance insulation work on Subproject 2 to accommodate the planned shutdown for flare modification work. 
              2. 
    The overall cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit A. 
              3. 
    Schedule C-1 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 

Adjustment to Contract Price 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule 
  The following dates are modified   (list all dates modified; insert N/A if no dates modified)  :   N/A 

Adjustment to other Changed Criteria   (insert N/A if no changes or impact; attach additional documentation if necessary)     N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Payment Schedule:   Yes.  See Exhibit B 
    
  Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Performance Guarantees:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Design Basis:   N/A 
    
  Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement:   N/A 
    
  Select either A or B  : 
  [A] This Change Order   shall   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:    
  /s/ DV   Contractor     /s/ EL   Owner 

[B] This Change Order   shall not   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall not   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:  ____ Contractor  ____ Owner 

Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order.  Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties  duly authorized representatives.  
    
                   /s/ Ed Lehotsky 
      
    /s/ Dena Volovar 
      Owner 
      
    Contractor 
      Ed Lehotsky 
      
    Dena Volovar 
      Name 
      
    Name 
      SVP LNG E C 
      
    Principal Vice President 
      Title 
      
    Title 
      August 18, 2016 
      
    August 9, 2016 
      Date of Signing 
      
    Date of Signing 

*** indicates material has been omitted pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  A complete copy of this agreement has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
  CHANGE ORDER FORM 
  Process Flares Modification Provisional Sum 
    
                 PROJECT NAME:    Sabine Pass LNG Liquefaction Facility 
    
  OWNER:    Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
    
  CONTRACTOR:    Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
    
  DATE OF AGREEMENT: November 11, 2011 
    CHANGE ORDER NUMBER:   CO-00052 
    
  DATE OF CHANGE ORDER: September 1, 2016  

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows:    (attach additional documentation if necessary)    
    
           1. 
    Per Article 6.1.B of the Agreement, the Parties agree Contractor will perform the process flares modification services as described in Exhibit A of this Change Order ( Provisional Sum Process Flare Modification Work ), which is hereby executed on a provisional sum basis and valued at *** U.S. Dollars (U.S.$***).  In connection with this Change Order, Owner and Contractor are also entering into change order 00029 for the lump sum turnkey agreement for the engineering, procurement and construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 2 Liquefaction Facility by and between Owner and Contractor, dated December 20, 2012, wherein Contractor will perform the remaining portion of the flare modification activities on a lump sum basis ( Lump Sum Process Flare Modification Work , together with Lump Sum Process Flare Modification Work, the  Process Flare Modification Work ). 
       
  The Parties agree that it is their intent that Substantial Completion for Subproject 2 will be achieved prior to Contractor s obligation to commence the Provisional Sum Process Flare Modification Work.  However, in its sole discretion, Contractor may commence the Provisional Sum Process Flare Modification Work prior to Substantial Completion of Subproject 2, and the Parties agree any such work will not be a requirement to achieve Substantial Completion of Subproject 2. 
           2. 
    Contractor shall be entitled to, and Owner agrees to pay, an early completion bonus as follows: 
       
  If Contractor successfully completes the portion of the Process Flare Modification Work  that begins with Owner s notification to Contractor that the process flares are isolated and available for modification and ending upon Contractor s notification to Owner that the process flares outage activities are complete ( Flare Work Period ) in no greater than twenty-six (26) Days, Contractor shall also be entitled to *** U.S. Dollars (U.S.$***).  In addition, for each Day that Contractor successfully completes such Process Flare Modification Work prior to the end of such twenty-six (26) Day period, Contractor shall also earn *** U.S. Dollars (U.S.$***), provided that the maximum amount payable pursuant to this Section 2 shall be *** U.S. Dollars (U.S.$***). 
           3. 
    Article 2 of Attachment EE, Schedule EE-2 will be amended to add the below Article 2.7 which shall state the following: 
       
  2.7    Process Flares Modification Provisional Sum 
    
  The Aggregate Provisional Sum contains a Provisional Sum of *** U.S. Dollars (U.S.$***) ( Process Flares Modification Provisional Sum ) for the performance of the Provisional Sum Process Flare Modification Work. If the actual cost incurred by Contractor for the Provisional Sum Process Flare Modification Work is less than the Process Flares Modification Provisional Sum, Owner shall be entitled to a Change Order reducing the Contract Price by such difference plus *** percent (***%) of such difference; provided, however, the addition of such *** percent (***%) of such difference shall not apply with respect to Contractor s direct labor component of the under-run. If the actual cost incurred by Contractor for the Provisional Sum Process Flare Modification Work is greater than the Process Flares Modification Provisional Sum, Contractor shall be entitled to a Change Order increasing the Contract Price by such difference plus *** percent (***%) of such difference; provided, however, the addition of such *** percent (***%) of such difference shall not apply with respect to Contractor s direct labor component of the over-run. Contractor s direct labor for the Provisional Sum Process Flare Modification Work will be billed in accordance with Schedule D-5, Attachment D of the Agreement. 
           4. 
    The following definition will be added to the Article 1.1 of Agreement: 
              a. 
     Process Flares Modification Provisional Sum  has the meaning set forth in Attachment EE. 

5. 
    The definition of    Provisional Sum      in Article 1.1 of the Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 
       
     Provisional Sum    means, collectively or individually, the Louisiana Sales and Use Tax Provisional Sum, the Insurance Provisional Sum, the Operating Spare Part Provisional Sum, the Soils Preparation Provisional Sum, the Existing Facility Labor Provisional Sum, the Heavies Removal Unit Provisional Sum, the Currency Provisional Sum, the Fuel Provisional Sum, and the Process Flares Modification Provisional Sum. 
           6. 
    The second sentence in Article 7.1 is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 
              a. 
    The Contract Price is subject to adjustment only by Change Order as provided in Article 6, and includes all Taxes payable by Contractor and its Subcontractors and Sub-subcontractors in connection with the Work, the Louisiana Sales and Use Tax Provisional Sum, the Insurance Provisional Sum, the Operating Spare Part Provisional Sum, the Soils Preparation Provisional Sum, the Existing Facility Labor Provisional Sum, the Heavies Removal Unit Provisional Sum, the Currency Provisional Sum, the Fuel Provisional Sum, and the Process Flares Modification Provisional Sum and all costs, charges, and expenses of whatever nature necessary for performance of the Work. 
              7. 
    The Parties agree to adjust the Aggregate Provisional Sum specified in Article 7.1A of the Agreement  which prior to this Change Order was Two Hundred Sixty Two Million Eighty One Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy Seven U.S. Dollars (U.S.$262,081,777).  This Change Order will increase the Aggregate Provisional Sum amount by *** U.S. Dollars (U.S.$***) and the new Aggregate Provisional Sum value shall be *** U.S. Dollars (U.S.$***). 
              8. 
    Schedule C-1 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 

Adjustment to Contract Price 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule 
  The following dates are modified   (list all dates modified; insert N/A if no dates modified)  :   N/A 

Adjustment to other Changed Criteria   (insert N/A if no changes or impact; attach additional documentation if necessary)     N/A 

Adjustment to Payment Schedule:   Yes.  See Exhibit B. 
    
  Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Performance Guarantees:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Design Basis:   N/A 
    
  Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement:   N/A 

Select either A or B  : 
  [A] This Change Order   shall   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:    
  /s/ DV   Contractor     /s/ EL   Owner 

[B] This Change Order   shall not   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall not   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:  ____ Contractor  ____ Owner 
    
  Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order.  Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties  duly authorized representatives.  
    
                   /s/ Ed Lehotsky 
      
    /s/ Dena Volovar 
      Owner 
      
    Contractor 
      Ed Lehotsky 
      
    Dena Volovar 
      Name 
      
    Name 
      SVP LNG E C 
      
    Principal Vice President 
      Title 
      
    Title 
      September 16, 2016 
      
    September 2, 2016 
      Date of Signing 
      
    Date of Signing 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 exhibit102spl2016form10-q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 
    
  CHANGE ORDER FORM 
    
  Additional Support for FERC Document Requests 
    
                 PROJECT NAME:    Sabine Pass LNG Stage 2 Liquefaction Facility 
    
  OWNER:    Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
    
  CONTRACTOR:    Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
    
  DATE OF AGREEMENT: December 20, 2012 
    CHANGE ORDER NUMBER:   CO-00024 
    
  DATE OF CHANGE ORDER: June 20, 2016 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows:  
    
           1. 
    Per Article 6.1.B of the Agreement, Parties agree Bechtel will be compensated via this Change Order for FERC related support hours. Attachment A, Section 9.2 of the Agreement states: 
      Any (i) FERC related support provided by Contractor exceeding one thousand (1,000) man hours or (ii) additional Work required by FERC that is not contemplated in this Scope of Work shall be subject to a Change Order to the extent such excess support or additional Work adversely impacts (i) Contractor cost of performance of the Work; (ii) Contractor s ability to perform the Work in accordance with the Project Schedule or (iii) Contractor s ability to perform any obligation under the Agreement.  
  This language is amended and will be replaced by the following: 
   Any (i) FERC related support provided by Contractor exceeding two thousand five hundred (2,500) man hours or (ii) additional Work required by FERC that is not contemplated in this Scope of Work shall be subject to a Change Order to the extent such excess support or additional Work adversely impacts (i) Contractor cost of performance of the Work; (ii) Contractor s ability to perform the Work in accordance with the Project Schedule or (iii) Contractor s ability to perform any obligation under the Agreement.  
    
           1. 
    The cost breakdown for this scope of work is detailed in Exhibit A of this Change Order. 
              2. 
    Schedule C-1 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 

Adjustment to Contract Price 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule 
  The following dates are modified   (list all dates modified; insert N/A if no dates modified)  :   N/A 

Adjustment to other Changed Criteria   (insert N/A if no changes or impact; attach additional documentation if necessary)    

Adjustment to Payment Schedule:   Yes. See Exhibit B. 
    
  Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria:   N/A 

Adjustment to Performance Guarantees:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Design Basis:   N/A 
    
  Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement:   N/A 
    
  Select either A or B  : 
  [A] This Change Order   shall   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:    
  /s/ DV   Contractor     /s/EL   Owner 

[B] This Change Order   shall not   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall not   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:  ____ Contractor  ____ Owner 
    
  Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order.  Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties  duly authorized representatives.  
    
                   /s/ Ed Lehotsky 
      
    /s/ Dena Volovar 
      Owner 
      
    Contractor 
      Ed Lehotsky 
      
    Dena Volovar 
      Name 
      
    Name 
      SVP LNG E C 
      
    Principal Vice President 
      Title 
      
    Title 
      August 8, 2016 
      
    June 21, 2016 
      Date of Signing 
      
    Date of Signing 

CHANGE ORDER FORM 
  N2 Supply for High Pressure Tightness Test During Commissioning and Startup 
    
                 PROJECT NAME:    Sabine Pass LNG Stage 2 Liquefaction Facility 
    
  OWNER:    Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
    
  CONTRACTOR:    Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
    
  DATE OF AGREEMENT: December 20, 2012 
    CHANGE ORDER NUMBER:   CO-00025 
    
  DATE OF CHANGE ORDER: July 12, 2016 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows:  
    
           1. 
    Per Article 6.1.B of the Agreement, Parties agree Bechtel that, in lieu of using plant air for the leak test and purging the pipe with low pressure nitrogen currently on Site, Bechtel will use high pressure nitrogen during system leak testing for pre-commissioning and startup. 
              2. 
    The following payment milestones in Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended: 
     a.  Payment Milestone:   42.01     Subproject 3 - Deliver 90-Day Notice for RFSU to Cheniere   will be deleted and replaced with: 
  42.01     Subproject 3 - Deliver 120-Day Notice for RFSU to Cheniere 
    
  b.  Payment Milestone 51.01   Subproject 4 - Deliver 90-Day Notice for RFSU to Cheniere   will be deleted and replaced with: 
  51.01     Subproject 4 - Deliver 120-Day Notice for RFSU to Cheniere 
    
           3. 
    The cost breakdown for this scope of work is detailed in Exhibit A of this Change Order. 
              4. 
    Schedule C-1 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 

Adjustment to Contract Price 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule 
  The following dates are modified   (list all dates modified; insert N/A if no dates modified)  :   N/A 

Adjustment to other Changed Criteria   (insert N/A if no changes or impact; attach additional documentation if necessary)    

Adjustment to Payment Schedule:   Yes. See Exhibit B. 
    
  Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Performance Guarantees:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Design Basis:   N/A 
    
  Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement:   N/A 

Select either A or B  : 
  [A] This Change Order   shall   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:    
  /s/ DV   Contractor     /s/ EL   Owner 

[B] This Change Order   shall not   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall not   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:  ____ Contractor  ____ Owner 
    
  Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order.  Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties  duly authorized representatives.  
    
                   /s/ Ed Lehotsky 
      
    /s/ Dena Volovar 
      Owner 
      
    Contractor 
      Ed Lehotsky 
      
    Dena Volovar 
      Name 
      
    Name 
      SVP LNG E C 
      
    Principal Vice President 
      Title 
      
    Title 
      August 8, 2016 
      
    July 12, 2016 
      Date of Signing 
      
    Date of Signing 

CHANGE ORDER FORM 
  Addition of Check Valves to Condensate Lines 

PROJECT NAME:    Sabine Pass LNG Stage 2 Liquefaction Facility 
    
  OWNER:    Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
    
  CONTRACTOR:    Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
    
  DATE OF AGREEMENT: December 20, 2012 
    CHANGE ORDER NUMBER:   CO-00027 
    
  DATE OF CHANGE ORDER: July 29, 2016 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows:  
    
           1. 
    Per Article 6.1.B of the Agreement, Parties agree that Bechtel will design and procure a check valve for SPL installation on Subproject 1, and Bechtel will design, procure and install check valves on Subprojects 2, 3 and 4. Exhibit A of this Change Order depicts these changes. 
              2. 
    The cost breakdown for this scope of work is detailed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 
              3. 
    Schedule C-1 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit C of this Change Order. 

Adjustment to Contract Price 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule 
  The following dates are modified   (list all dates modified; insert N/A if no dates modified)  :   N/A 

Adjustment to other Changed Criteria   (insert N/A if no changes or impact; attach additional documentation if necessary)     N/A 

Adjustment to Payment Schedule:   Yes. See Exhibit C. 
    
  Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Performance Guarantees:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Design Basis:   N/A 
    
  Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement:   N/A 

Select either A or B  : 
  [A] This Change Order   shall   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:    
  /s/ DV   Contractor     /s/ EL   Owner 

[B] This Change Order   shall not   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall not   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:  ____ Contractor  ____ Owner 
    
  Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order.  Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties  duly authorized representatives.  
    
                   /s/ Ed Lehotsky 
      
    /s/ Dena Volovar 
      Owner 
      
    Contractor 
      Ed Lehotsky 
      
    Dena Volovar 
      Name 
      
    Name 
      SVP LNG E C 
      
    Principal Vice President 
      Title 
      
    Title 
      August 18, 2016 
      
    July 29, 2016 
      Date of Signing 
      
    Date of Signing 

CHANGE ORDER FORM 
  Additional Professional Services Support Hours for the Flare System Evaluation 

PROJECT NAME:    Sabine Pass LNG Stage 2 Liquefaction Facility 
    
  OWNER:    Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
    
  CONTRACTOR:    Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
    
  DATE OF AGREEMENT: December 20, 2012 
    CHANGE ORDER NUMBER:   CO-00028 
    
  DATE OF CHANGE ORDER: August 3, 2016 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows:  
    
           1. 
    Per Article 6.1.B of the Agreement, Parties agree that Bechtel will upgrade the wet and dry process flares to a High Pressure Air Assist (HPAA) design. This Change Order includes only the professional service hours associated with the HPAA design upgrade of the wet and dry flares. Professional service hours related to the marine flare modifications are excluded. 
              2. 
    The cost breakdown for this scope of work is detailed in Exhibit A of this Change Order. 
              3. 
    Schedule C-1 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 

Adjustment to Contract Price 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule 
  The following dates are modified   (list all dates modified; insert N/A if no dates modified)  :   Impacts related to the 
  installation of the process flares modifications will be addressed by a future Change Order. 

Adjustment to other Changed Criteria   (insert N/A if no changes or impact; attach additional documentation if necessary)     N/A 

Adjustment to Payment Schedule:   Yes. See Exhibit B. 
    
  Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Performance Guarantees:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Design Basis:   N/A 
    
  Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement:   N/A 

Select either A or B  : 
  [A] This Change Order   shall   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:    
  /s/ DV   Contractor     /s/ EL   Owner 

[B] This Change Order   shall not   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall not   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:  ____ Contractor  ____ Owner 
    
  Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order.  Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties  duly authorized representatives.  
    
                   /s/ Ed Lehotsky 
      
    /s/ Dena Volovar 
      Owner 
      
    Contractor 
      Ed Lehotsky 
      
    Dena Volovar 
      Name 
      
    Name 
      SVP LNG E C 
      
    Principal Vice President 
      Title 
      
    Title 
      August 19, 2016 
      
    August 5, 2016 
      Date of Signing 
      
    Date of Signing 

*** indicates material has been omitted pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  A complete copy of this agreement has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
  CHANGE ORDER FORM 
    
  Lump Sum Process Flares Modification 
    
                 PROJECT NAME:    Sabine Pass LNG Stage 2 Liquefaction Facility 
    
  OWNER:    Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
    
  CONTRACTOR:    Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
    
  DATE OF AGREEMENT: December 20, 2012 
    CHANGE ORDER NUMBER:   CO-00029 
    
  DATE OF CHANGE ORDER: September 1, 2016 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows:  
    
           1. 
    Per Article 6.1.B of the Agreement, the Parties agree Contractor will perform process flares modification services as described in Exhibit A of this Change Order ( Lump Sum Process Flare Modification Work ) on a lump sum basis and valued at *** U.S. Dollars ($***). In connection with this Change Order, Owner and Contractor are also entering into change order 00052 for the Stage 1 EPC Agreement, wherein Contractor will perform the remaining portion of the flare modification activities on a provisional sum basis ( Provisional Sum Process Flare Modification Work , together with Lump Sum Process Flare Modification Work, the  Process Flare Modification Work ). 
              2. 
    Additionally, this Change Order CO-00029 includes impacts to Subproject 3 and Subproject 4 as a result of the flare modifications activities ( Lump Sum Process Flare Modification Impacts ) valued at *** U.S. Dollars ($***). The Parties agree that the Lump Sum Process Flare Modification Impacts value is based on the shared assumption that the flare modifications outage duration will be a period of 26 Days beginning from Owner s notification to Contractor that the process flares are isolated and available for modification and ending upon Contractor s notification to Owner that the process flares outage activities are complete (the  Flare Work Period ). The total value of this Change Order is *** U.S. Dollars ($***). 
              3. 
    The Parties agree that the Process Flare Modification Work is not a requirement to achieve Substantial Completion of Subproject 3. 
              4. 
    Schedule C-1 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement is hereby amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 

Adjustment to Contract Price 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule 
    
  The Process Flare Modification Work will cause impacts to the critical path progress of Subproject 3, as a result of the inability to maintain fuel gas in the train, and Subproject 4, as a result of a temporary diversion of critical resources to perform some of the Process Flare Modification Work. The changes to the dates for Subproject 3 and Subproject 4 noted below are based upon the shared assumption that the Flare Work Period is no greater than twenty-six (26) Days.  

Notice to Proceed 
    Day Zero 
      Ready for Start Up for Subproject 3 
    One thousand three hundred and seventy three (1373) Days from Owner s issuance of Notice to Proceed 
      Target Substantial Completion for Subproject 3 
    One thousand four hundred ninety three (1493) Days from Owner s issuance of Notice to Proceed 
      Guaranteed Substantial Completion for Subproject 3 
    One thousand four hundred ninety five (1495) Days from Owner s issuance of Notice to Proceed 
      Ready for Start Up for Subproject 4 
    One thousand six hundred forty (1640) Days from Owner s issuance of Notice to Proceed 
      Target Substantial Completion for Subproject 4 
    One thousand seven hundred sixty (1760) Days from Owner s issuance of Notice to Proceed 
      Guaranteed Substantial Completion for Subproject 4 
    One thousand seven hundred sixty two (1762) Days from Owner s issuance of Notice to Proceed 
      Final Completion 
    One hundred eighty (180) Days after Substantial Completion of Subproject 4 

Adjustment to other Changed Criteria:   N/A 

Adjustment to Payment Schedule:   Yes. See Exhibit B. 
    
  Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Performance Guarantees:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Design Basis:   N/A 
    
  Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement:   N/A 
    
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent the Flare Work Period is greater than thirty-five (35) Days, Contractor will be entitled to a Change Order adjusting the Lump Sum Process Flare Modification Impacts and the Project Schedule dates for Subproject 3 and Subproject 4 limited to account for the duration of the Flare Work Period being greater than twenty-six (26) Days. 
    
  Select either A or B  : 
  [A] This Change Order   shall   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:    
  /s/ DV   Contractor     /s/ EL   Owner 

[B] This Change Order   shall not   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall not   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:  ____ Contractor  ____ Owner 
    
  Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order.  Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties  duly authorized representatives.  

/s/ Ed Lehotsky 
      
    /s/ Dena Volovar 
      Owner 
      
    Contractor 
      Ed Lehotsky 
      
    Dena Volovar 
      Name 
      
    Name 
      SVP LNG E C 
      
    Principal Vice President 
      Title 
      
    Title 
      September 16, 2016 
      
    September 2, 2016 
      Date of Signing 
      
    Date of Signing 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 exhibit103spl2016form10-q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3 
    
  CHANGE ORDER FORM 
  Site Drainage Design Change: Professional Service Hours 
                 PROJECT NAME:    Sabine Pass LNG Stage 3 Liquefaction Facility 
    
  OWNER:    Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
    
  CONTRACTOR:    Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
    
  DATE OF AGREEMENT: May 4, 2015 
    CHANGE ORDER NUMBER:   CO-00011 
    
  DATE OF CHANGE ORDER: July 26, 2016 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows:    (attach additional documentation if necessary)    
           1. 
    Per Article 6.1.B of the Agreement, Parties agree Bechtel will redesign the Stage 3 Site drainage system to include a second outfall that will discharge on the southeast side of the Stage 3 Site, crossing under Lighthouse Road, with the final discharge on the east side of Lighthouse Road. This Change Order only includes the scope to perform the engineering associated with this drainage system design change. Procurement, construction, soil stabilization, schedule, cost and other Project impacts associated with the execution of the interim and permanent drainage design change are excluded. Exhibit A of this Change Order depicts these changes. 
              2. 
    The cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit B. 
              3. 
    Schedule C-1 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit C of this Change Order. 

Adjustment to Contract Price 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule 
  The following dates are modified   (list all dates modified; insert N/A if no dates modified)  :   N/A 

Adjustment to other Changed Criteria   (insert N/A if no changes or impact; attach additional documentation if necessary).   N/A    

Adjustment to Payment Schedule:   Yes.  See Exhibit C. 
    
  Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Performance Guarantees:   N/A 
    
  Adjustment to Design Basis:   N/A 
    
  Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement: 

Select either A or B  : 
  [A] This Change Order   shall   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:    
  /s/ DV   Contractor     /s/ EL   Owner 

[B] This Change Order   shall not   constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and   shall not   be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change.  Initials:  ____ Contractor  ____ Owner 
    
  Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order.  Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties  duly authorized representatives.  
    
                   /s/ Ed Lehotsky 
      
    /s/ Dena Volovar 
      Owner 
      
    Contractor 
      Ed Lehotsky 
      
    Dena Volovar 
      Name 
      
    Name 
      SVP LNG E C 
      
    Principal Vice President 
      Title 
      
    Title 
      August 15, 2016 
      
    July 29, 2016 
      Date of Signing 
      
    Date of Signing 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311spl2016form10q3r.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT  
  I,   Jack A. Fusco  , certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   quarterly report on Form 10-Q   of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f )) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
       
  Date:   November 2, 2016    
               /s/ Jack A. Fusco 
      Jack A. Fusco 
      Chief Executive Officer of 
      Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312spl2016form10q3r.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT  
  I,   Michael J. Wortley  , certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   quarterly report on Form 10-Q   of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f )) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
       
  Date:   November 2, 2016    
               /s/ Michael J. Wortley 
      Michael J. Wortley 
      Chief Financial Officer of 
      Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321spl2016form10q3r.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the   quarterly   report of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC (the  Company ) on   Form 10-Q for the quarter   ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I,   Jack A. Fusco  ,   Chief Executive Officer of   the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that:  
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
       
  Date:   November 2, 2016    
               /s/ Jack A. Fusco 
      Jack A. Fusco 
      Chief Executive Officer of 
      Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322spl2016form10q3r.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2  
  CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the   quarterly   report of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC (the  Company ) on   Form 10-Q for the quarter   ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I,   Michael J. Wortley  ,   Chief Financial Officer   of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that:  
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
       
  Date:   November 2, 2016    
               /s/ Michael J. Wortley 
      Michael J. Wortley 
      Chief Financial Officer of 
      Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 spl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 spl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 spl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 spl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 spl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 spl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

