<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_766704_0000766704-16-000092_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17640520</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>178157</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>564502</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6729374</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5916200</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1424625</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>77</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000766704-16-000092.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102161744
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000766704-16-000092
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WELLTOWER INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000766704
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				341096634
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08923
		FILM NUMBER:		161968052

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 DORR STREET
		CITY:			TOLEDO
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43615
		BUSINESS PHONE:		419-247-2800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 DORR STREET
		CITY:			TOLEDO
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43615

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTH CARE REIT INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000766704-16-000092.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 10-Q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549   

   FORM 10-Q   

  (Mark
One)  

For the quarterly period ended      September 30, 2016    

   or   

For the transition period from                               to

Commission
file number: 1-8923   

   WELLTOWER INC.   

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter   )    

(419) 247-2800    

  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)      

Not
Applicable   

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes         No    o  

  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on
its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes        No    o  

  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer          

Accelerated filer   o      

Non-accelerated filer     o  
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company   o      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o   No       

  As of
October 31, 2016, the registrant had 362,531,659 shares of common stock
outstanding.      

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION            

    Item 1.      Financial Statements         

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    

    WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    

   (In
thousands)   

NOTE: The consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015 has been
derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not include
all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles for complete financial statements.   

See notes to
unaudited consolidated financial statements   

3   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (UNAUDITED)    

    WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    

   (In
thousands, except per share data)   

* Amounts may
not sum due to rounding   

   (1) Includes amounts attributable to redeemable noncontrolling
interests.   

See notes to
unaudited consolidated financial statements   

4   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED)      

      WELLTOWER INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES      

   (In thousands)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements   

5   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY
(UNAUDITED)    

    WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    

   (In
thousands)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements   

6   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS (UNAUDITED)    

    WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    

   (In
thousands)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements   

7   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

1. Business    

Welltower Inc.,     an
S P 500 company headquartered in Toledo, Ohio, is driving the
transformation of health care infrastructure. The company invests with leading
seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund the
real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models
and improve people s wellness and overall health care experience.  Welltower ,
a real estate investment trust ( REIT ), owns interests in 1,464 properties in
major, high-growth markets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom,
consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities and outpatient medical
properties    .  Founded in 1970, we were the first real estate
investment trust to invest exclusively in health care facilities.     

2. Accounting
Policies and Related Matters    

           Basis of Presentation    

          The
accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) for
interim financial information and with instructions to Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not
include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete
financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting
of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have
been included. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we determined that
an immaterial portion of our noncontrolling interests related to a 2015
transaction was misclassified in permanent equity rather than temporary equity
based on a redemption feature of the partnership agreement and we have
corrected the $114,714,000 misclassification by recording the change in the
consolidated statement of equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
Operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not
necessarily an indication of the results that may be expected for the year
ending December 31, 2016. For further information, refer to the financial
statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015.   

               New Accounting Standards           

        In May 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606) . The standard is a comprehensive new revenue recognition
model that requires revenue to be recognized in a manner to depict the transfer
of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration
expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning
after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted beginning after
December 15, 2016.  We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard
will have on our consolidated financial statements and have not yet determined
the method by which we will adopt the standard.   

        In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation
Analysis , which makes certain changes to both the variable interest model and
the voting model, including changes to (1) the identification of variable
interests (fees paid to a decision maker or service provider), (2) the variable
interest entity characteristics for a limited partnership or similar entity and
(3) the primary beneficiary determination.  We adopted ASU 2015-02 on January
1, 2016.  This guidance did not have a significant impact on our consolidated
financial statements.   

        In September 2015, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period
Adjustments  to simplify the accounting for business combinations, specifically
as it relates to measurement-period adjustments.  Acquiring entities in a
business combination must recognize measurement-period adjustments in the reporting
period in which the adjustment amounts are determined.  Also, ASU 2015-16
requires entities to present separately on the face of the income statement (or
disclose in the notes to the financial statements) the portion of the amount
recorded in the current period earnings, by line item, that would have been
recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional
amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date.  We adopted ASU 2015-16
on January 1, 2016. This guidance did not have a significant impact on our
consolidated financial statements.   

        In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall: Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities,  which will require entities to
measure their investments at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value
in net income unless the investments qualify for the new practicability
exception.  The practicability exception will be available for equity
investments that do not have readily determinable fair values. ASU 2016-01 is
effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years, beginning
after December 15, 2017.  We are currently evaluating the impact that the
standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.   

        In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  which requires lessees to recognize assets
and liabilities on their balance sheet related to the rights and obligations
created by most leases, while continuing to recognize expenses on their income
statements over the lease term.  It will also require disclosures designed to
give financial statement users information       

8   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

regarding
the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases.  ASU
2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted.  Entities
are required to use a modified retrospective approach for leases that exist or
are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the
financial statements.  We are currently evaluating the impact that the standard
will have on our consolidated financial statements.   

        In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting .     This standard
simplifies the accounting treatment for excess tax benefits and deficiencies,
forfeitures, and cash flow considerations related to share-based compensation.     ASU
2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted.  We are
currently evaluating the impact of the standard; however, we do not expect its
adoption to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.   

        In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-13,  Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . This standard
requires a new forward-looking  expected loss  model to be used for
receivables, held-to-maturity debt, loans, and other instruments. ASU 2016-13
is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact
that the standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.       

3. Real Property
Acquisitions and Development    

The total purchase price for all properties acquired has been
allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets, liabilities and
noncontrolling interests based upon their respective fair values in accordance
with our accounting policies. The results of operations for these acquisitions
have been included in our consolidated results of operations since the date of
acquisition and are a component of the appropriate segments.  Transaction costs
primarily represent costs incurred with property acquisitions, including due
diligence costs, fees for legal and valuation services and termination of
pre-existing relationships computed based on the fair value of the assets
acquired, lease termination fees and other acquisition-related costs.  Certain
of our subsidiaries  functional currencies are the local currencies of their
respective countries. See Note 2 to the financial statements included in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for information
regarding our foreign currency policies.         

Triple-net
Activity        

9   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

Seniors
Housing Operating Activity        

Outpatient Medical Activity        

10   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

Construction Activity    

The following
is a summary of the construction projects that were placed into service and
began generating revenues during the periods presented (in thousands):     

4. Real Estate
Intangibles    

The
following is a summary of our real estate intangibles, excluding those
classified as held for sale, as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands):     

The
following is a summary of real estate intangible amortization for the periods presented
(in thousands):     

The future estimated aggregate
amortization of intangible assets and liabilities is as follows for the periods
presented (in       

11   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

thousands):     

5. Dispositions,
Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations    

   We
periodically sell properties for various reasons, including favorable market
conditions or the exercise of tenant purchase options.  Of our total sales proceeds,
$27,803,000 was deposited in an Internal Revenue Code Section 1031 exchange
escrow account with a qualified intermediary.      During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded impairment charges
on certain held-for-sale triple-net properties as the fair values less
estimated costs to sell exceeded our carrying values.     The following is a summary of our real property disposition
activity for the periods presented (in thousands):     

Dispositions and Assets Held for
Sale    

        Pursuant to our adoption
of ASU No. 2014-08,  Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and
Property, Plant and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations
and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity , operating results
attributable to properties sold subsequent to or classified as held for sale
after January 1, 2014 and which do not meet the definition of discontinued
operations are no longer reclassified on our Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income.  The following represents the activity related to these
properties for the periods presented (in thousands):     

6. Real Estate
Loans Receivable    

        The following is a
summary of our real estate loan activity for the periods presented (in
thousands):   

12   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

We recorded no provision for loan losses during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016.  At September 30, 2016, we had no real estate
loans with outstanding balances on non-accrual status and no allowances for
loan losses were recorded.     

7. Investments in
Unconsolidated Entities    

We participate in
a number of joint ventures, which generally invest in seniors housing and
health care real estate.  The results of operations for these properties have
been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of
acquisition by the joint ventures and are reflected in our Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income as income or loss from unconsolidated
entities.  The following is a summary of our investments in unconsolidated
entities (dollars in thousands):      

At September
30, 2016, the aggregate unamortized basis difference of our joint venture
investments of $150,644,000 is primarily attributable to the difference between
the amount for which we purchase our interest in the entity, including
transaction costs, and the historical carrying value of the net assets of the
entity.  This difference will be amortized over the remaining useful life of the
related properties and included in the reported amount of income from
unconsolidated entities.     

8. Credit Concentration    

        We
use net operating income from continuing operations ( NOI ) as our credit
concentration metric.  See Note 17 for additional information and
reconciliation. The following table summarizes certain information about our credit
concentration for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, excluding our
share of NOI in unconsolidated entities (dollars in thousands):     

13   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

9. Borrowings
Under Credit Facilities and Related Items    

            At September 30, 2016, we had a primary
unsecured credit facility with a consortium of 29 banks that includes a $3,000,000,000
unsecured revolving credit facility, a $500,000,000 unsecured term credit
facility and a $250,000,000 Canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility. 
We have an option, through an accordion feature, to upsize the unsecured
revolving credit facility and the $500,000,000 unsecured term credit facility
by up to an additional $1,000,000,000, in the aggregate, and the $250,000,000
Canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility by up to an additional
$250,000,000.  The primary unsecured credit facility also allows us to borrow
up to $1,000,000,000 in alternate currencies (none outstanding at September 30,
2016).  Borrowings under the unsecured revolving credit facility are subject to
interest payable at the applicable margin over LIBOR interest rate (1.43% at
September 30, 2016). The applicable margin is based on certain of our debt
ratings and was 0.90% at September 30, 2016.  In addition, we pay a facility
fee quarterly to each bank based on the bank s commitment amount.  The facility
fee depends on certain of our debt ratings and was 0.15% at September 30,
2016.  The term credit facilities mature on May 13, 2021. The revolving credit facility
is scheduled to mature on May 13, 2020 and can be extended for two successive
terms of six months each at our option.    

        The
following information relates to aggregate borrowings under the primary
unsecured revolving credit facility for the periods presented (dollars in
thousands):     

10. Senior
Unsecured Notes and Secured Debt    

We may repurchase, redeem or refinance senior unsecured notes
from time to time, taking advantage of favorable market conditions when
available. We may purchase senior notes for cash through open market purchases,
privately negotiated transactions, a tender offer or, in some cases, through
the early redemption of such securities pursuant to their terms.   The senior
unsecured notes are redeemable at our option, at any time in whole or from time
to time in part, at a redemption price equal to the sum of (1) the principal
amount of the notes (or portion of such notes) being redeemed plus accrued and
unpaid interest thereon up to the redemption date and (2) any  make-whole 
amount due under the terms of the notes in connection with early redemptions.  
Redemptions and repurchases of debt, if any, will depend on prevailing market
conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other
factors.           At September 30, 2016, the annual principal payments
due on these debt obligations were as follows (in thousands):     

14   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

The following is a summary of our senior unsecured notes principal activity
during the periods presented (dollars in thousands):     

The following is a summary of our secured debt principal activity for the
periods presented (dollars in thousands):     

15   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

Our debt agreements
contain various covenants, restrictions and events of default. Certain
agreements require us to maintain certain financial ratios and minimum net
worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create
liens and make investments or acquisitions. As of September 30, 2016, we were
in compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements.     

11. Derivative Instruments    

We are exposed to various market risks, including the potential loss arising
from adverse changes in interest rates.  We may elect to use financial
derivative instruments to hedge interest rate exposure. These decisions are
principally based on our policy to manage the general trend in interest rates
at the applicable dates and our perception of the future volatility of interest
rates.  In addition, non-U.S. investments expose us to the potential losses
associated with adverse changes in foreign currency to U.S. Dollar exchange
rates.  We may elect to manage this risk through the use of forward contracts
and issuing debt in foreign currencies.   

              Interest Rate Swap Contracts and
Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Designated as Cash Flow Hedges    

For instruments that are designated and qualify as a cash flow hedge, the
effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a
component of other comprehensive income ( OCI ), and reclassified into earnings
in the same period or periods, during which the hedged transaction affects
earnings.  Gains and losses on the derivative representing either hedge
ineffectiveness or hedge components excluded from the assessment of
effectiveness are recognized in earnings.  Approximately $5,555,000 of gains,
which are included in accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ), are
expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months.   

           Foreign
Currency Hedges    

        For
instruments that are designated and qualify as net investment hedges, the
variability in the foreign currency to U.S. Dollar of the instrument is
recorded as a cumulative translation adjustment component of OCI.  During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we settled certain net investment hedges
generating cash proceeds of $56,842,000 and $103,615,000, respectively. 
The balance of the cumulative translation adjustment will be reclassified to
earnings when the hedged investment is sold or substantially liquidated.     

        The following
presents the notional amount of derivatives and other financial instruments as
of the dates indicated (in thousands):                 

16   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

The following presents
the impact of derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income for the periods presented (in thousands):       

Three
  Months Ended  

Nine
  Months Ended  

September
  30,  

September
  30,  

Location  

2016  

2015  

2016  

2015  

Gain (loss) on forward exchange contracts recognized in income  

Interest expense  

$  

3,420  

$  

2,347  

$  

4,789  

$  

6,285  

Loss (gain) on option exercise (1)   

Loss (gain) on derivatives, net  

-  

-  

-  

(58,427)  

(Gain) on release of cumulative translation adjustment related
  to ineffectiveness on net investment hedge  

Loss (gain) on derivatives, net  

(2,516)  

-  

(2,516)  

-  

Gain (loss) on foreign exchange contracts and term loans
  designated as net investment hedge recognized in OCI  

OCI  

53,421  

174,239  

229,256  

208,854  

(1) In April 2011, we completed the acquisition of substantially
  all of the real estate assets of privately-owned Genesis Healthcare
  Corporation. In conjunction with this transaction, we received the option to
  acquire an ownership interest in Genesis Healthcare. In February 2015,
  Genesis Healthcare closed on a transaction to merge with Skilled Healthcare
  Group to become a publicly traded company which required us to record the
  value of the derivative asset due to the net settlement feature.  

17   

12. Commitments and Contingencies    

        At September 30, 2016, we had ten   outstanding letter of credit obligations totaling $88,188,000
and expiring between 2016 and 2018.    At September 30, 2016, we had
outstanding construction in progress of $529,471,000 and were committed to
providing additional funds of approximately $515,980,000 to complete construction. 
Purchase obligations include contingent purchase obligations totaling
$18,566,000 which relate to unfunded capital improvement obligations and
contingent obligations on acquisitions. Rents due from the tenant are increased
to reflect the additional investment in the property.    

        We evaluate our leases for operating
versus capital lease treatment in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) Topic 840  Leases.   A lease is classified as a
capital lease if it provides for transfer of ownership of the leased asset at
the end of the lease term, contains a bargain purchase option, has a lease term
greater than 75% of the economic life of the leased asset, or if the net
present value of the future minimum lease payments are in excess of 90% of the
fair value of the leased asset. Certain leases contain bargain purchase options
and have been classified as capital leases.  At September 30, 2016, we had
operating lease obligations of $1,109,001,000 relating to certain ground leases
and company office space and capital lease obligations of $95,018,000 relating
primarily to certain investment properties. Regarding ground leases, we have
sublease agreements with certain of our operators that require the operators to
reimburse us for our monthly operating lease obligations.  At September 30,
2016    ,   aggregate future minimum rentals to be received under these
noncancelable subleases totaled $74,069,000.     

13. Stockholders  Equity    

The
following is a summary of our stockholders  equity capital accounts as of the
dates indicated:     

Common
Stock.    The following is a summary of our common stock issuances during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands, except per
share amounts):     

Dividends   . 
The increase in dividends is primarily attributable to increases in our common
shares outstanding as described above and an increase in common dividends per
share.  The following is a summary of our dividend payments (in thousands,
except per share amounts):     

18   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income     .      The following is a summary of accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss) for the periods presented (in thousands):     

14. Stock
Incentive Plans    

        Our
2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan ( 2016 Plan ) authorizes up to 10,000,000 shares
of common stock to be issued at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of
the Board of Directors. Our non-employee directors, officers and key employees
are eligible to participate in the 2016 Plan. The 2016 Plan allows for the
issuance of, among other things, stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock, deferred stock units and dividend equivalent rights. Vesting periods for
options, deferred stock units and restricted shares generally range from three
to five years. Options expire ten years from the date of grant.  Stock-based
compensation expense totaled $5,401,000 and $20,618,000 for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $5,477,000 and $25,655,000
for the same periods in 2015.       

15. Earnings Per
Share    

        The following table sets
forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (in thousands,
except per share data):     

19   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

The Series I
Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock was not included in the
calculations as the effect of conversions into common stock was anti-dilutive.     

16. Disclosure
about Fair Value of Financial Instruments    

U.S. GAAP provides authoritative guidance for
measuring and disclosing fair value measurements of assets and liabilities. 
The guidance defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received
for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants on the measurement date.  The guidance also
establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use
of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring
fair value.  The guidance describes three levels of inputs that may be used to
measure fair value:   

Level 1 - Quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2 - Observable
inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or
liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that
are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for
substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Please see Note 2 to
the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015 for additional information.   

Level 3 -
Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that
are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.     

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate
the fair value of each class of financial instruments for which it is
practicable to estimate that value.   

Mortgage Loans and Other Real Estate Loans Receivable        The fair value of mortgage loans and other real estate
loans receivable is generally estimated by using Level 2 and Level 3 inputs
such as discounting the estimated future cash flows using the current rates at
which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and
for the same remaining maturities.     

Cash and Cash Equivalents       
The carrying amount approximates fair value.   

Available-for-sale Equity Investments        Available-for-sale equity investments are recorded at
their fair value based on Level 1 publicly available trading prices.   

20   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

Borrowings Under Primary Unsecured Credit Facility        The carrying amount of the primary unsecured credit facility
approximates fair value because the borrowings are interest rate adjustable.   

Senior Unsecured Notes       
The fair value of the fixed rate senior unsecured notes was estimated based on Level
1 publicly available trading prices. The carrying amount of variable rate senior
unsecured notes approximates fair value because they are interest rate
adjustable.   

Secured Debt        The
fair value of fixed rate secured debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs by
discounting the estimated future cash flows using the current rates at which
similar loans would be made with similar credit ratings and for the same
remaining maturities.  The carrying amount of variable rate secured debt
approximates fair value because the borrowings are interest rate adjustable.   

Foreign Currency Forward Contracts        Foreign currency forward contracts are recorded in other
assets or other liabilities on the balance sheet at fair market value.  Fair
market value is determined using Level 2 inputs by estimating the future value
of the currency pair based on existing exchange rates, comprised of current
spot and traded forward points, and calculating a present value of the net
amount using a discount factor based on observable traded interest rates.   

Redeemable OP Unitholder Interests        The fair value of our redeemable unitholder interests are
recorded on the balance sheet at fair value using Level 2 inputs.  The fair
value is measured using the closing price of our common stock, as units may be
redeemed at the election of the holder for cash or, at our option, one share of
our common stock per unit, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances.   

The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our
financial instruments are as follows (in thousands):     

Items
Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis    

The market approach is utilized to measure fair value for
our financial assets and liabilities reported at fair value on a recurring
basis.  The market approach uses prices and other relevant information
generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or
liabilities. The following summarizes items measured at fair value on a
recurring basis (in thousands):     

21   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

Items Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis    

In addition to items that are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis, we also have assets and liabilities in our balance sheet that
are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.  As these assets and
liabilities are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, they are not
included in the tables above. Assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests
that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include those
acquired/assumed in business combinations (see Note 3) and asset impairments
(if applicable, see Note 5 for impairments of real property and Note 6 for
impairments of loans receivable). We have determined that the fair value
measurements included in each of these assets and liabilities rely primarily on
company-specific inputs and our assumptions about the use of the assets and
settlement of liabilities, as observable inputs are not available. As such, we
have determined that each of these fair value measurements generally resides
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. We estimate the fair value of
real estate and related intangibles using the income approach and unobservable
data such as net operating income and estimated capitalization and discount
rates.  We also consider local and national industry market data including comparable
sales, and commonly engage an external real estate appraiser to assist us in
our estimation of fair value.  We estimate the fair value of assets held for
sale based on current sales price expectations or, in the absence of such price
expectations, Level 3 inputs described above.  We estimate the fair value of
secured debt assumed in business combinations using current interest rates at
which similar borrowings could be obtained on the transaction date.       

17. Segment
Reporting    

             We invest in seniors housing and health care real
estate. We evaluate our business and make resource allocations on our three
operating segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient
medical.  During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we reclassified four
properties previously classified in the triple-net segment to the outpatient
medical segment.  Accordingly, the segment information provided in this Note
has been reclassified to conform to the current presentation for all periods
presented.   

        Our triple-net properties
include long-term/post-acute care facilities, assisted living facilities,
independent living/continuing care retirement communities, care homes (United
Kingdom), independent support living facilities (Canada), care homes with
nursing (United Kingdom) and combinations thereof. Under the triple-net
segment, we invest in seniors housing and health care real estate through
acquisition and financing of primarily single tenant properties. Properties
acquired are primarily leased under triple-net leases and we are not involved
in the management of the property. Our seniors housing operating properties
include the seniors housing communities referenced above that are owned and/or
operated through RIDEA structures (see Notes 3 and 18).    

        Our outpatient medical
properties include outpatient medical buildings and, during past years, life
science buildings which are aggregated into our outpatient medical reportable
segment. Our outpatient medical buildings are typically leased to multiple
tenants and generally require a certain level of property management.  During
the three months ended June 30, 2015, we disposed of our life science
investments.   

        We evaluate performance
based upon NOI by segment. We define NOI as total revenues, including tenant
reimbursements, less property level operating expenses. We believe NOI provides
investors relevant and useful information because it measures the operating
performance of our properties at the property level on an unleveraged basis. We
use NOI to make decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property
level performance of our properties.        

        Non-segment revenue
consists mainly of interest income on non-real estate investments and other
income. Non-segment assets consist of corporate assets including cash, deferred
loan expenses and corporate offices and equipment among others. Non-property
specific revenues and expenses are not allocated to individual segments in
determining NOI.   

        The accounting policies
of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant
accounting policies (see Note 2 to the financial statements included in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015). The results
of operations for all acquisitions described in Note 3 are included in our
consolidated results of operations from the acquisition dates and are
components of the appropriate segments.  There are no intersegment sales or
transfers.   

        Summary
information for the reportable segments is as follows for the periods presented
(in thousands):     

22   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

23   

24   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

Our portfolio of properties and other investments are located in the United
States, the United Kingdom and Canada.  Revenues and assets are attributed to
the country in which the property is physically located.  The following is a
summary of geographic information for our operations for the periods presented
(dollars in thousands):     

18.       Income Taxes
and Distributions    

We elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with our first taxable
year.  To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, at least 90% of
taxable income (excluding 100% of net capital gains) must be distributed to
stockholders. REITs that do not distribute a certain amount of current year
taxable income in the current year are also subject to a 4% federal excise tax.
The main differences between undistributed net income for federal income tax purposes
and financial statement purposes are the recognition of straight-line rent for
reporting purposes, basis differences in acquisitions, recording of
impairments, differing useful lives and depreciation and amortization methods
for real property and the provision for loan losses for reporting purposes
versus bad debt expense for tax purposes.       

Under the
provisions of the REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act of 2007
( RIDEA ), for taxable years beginning after July 30, 2008, a REIT may lease
 qualified health care properties  on an arm s-length basis to a taxable REIT
subsidiary ( TRS ) if the property is operated on behalf of such TRS by a
person who qualifies as an  eligible independent contractor.  Generally, the
rent received from the TRS will meet the related party rent exception and will
be treated as  rents from real property.   A  qualified health care
property  includes real property and any personal property that is, or is
necessary or incidental to the use of, a hospital, nursing facility, assisted
living facility, congregate care facility, qualified continuing care facility,
or other licensed facility which extends medical or nursing or ancillary
services to patients. We have entered into various joint ventures that were
structured under RIDEA. Resident level rents and related operating expenses for
these facilities are reported in the unaudited consolidated financial statements
and are subject to federal and state income taxes as the operations of such
facilities are included in TRS entities. Certain net operating loss
carryforwards could be utilized to offset taxable income in future years.   

Income
taxes reflected in the financial statements primarily represents U.S. federal
and state and local income taxes as well as non-U.S. income based or
withholding taxes on certain investments located in jurisdictions outside the
U.S.  The provision for income taxes for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, was primarily due to operating income or losses, offset by
certain discrete items at our TRS entities.  In 2014, we established certain
wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries in Luxembourg and Jersey and
transferred interests in certain foreign investments into this holding company
structure.  The structure includes a property holding company that is tax
resident in the United Kingdom.  No material adverse current tax consequences
in Luxembourg, Jersey or the United Kingdom resulted from the creation of this
holding company structure and all of the subsidiary entities in the structure are
treated as disregarded entities of the company for U.S. federal income tax
purposes.  The company reflects current and deferred tax liabilities for any
such withholding taxes incurred as a result of this holding company structure
in its consolidated financial statements. Generally, given current statutes of
limitations, we are subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS )
for the year ended December 31, 2012 and subsequent years and by state taxing
authorities for the year ended December 31, 2011 and subsequent years. 
The company and its subsidiaries are also subject to audit by the Canada
Revenue Agency and provincial authorities generally for periods subsequent to
our initial investments in Canada in May 2012, by HM Revenue         

25   

WELLTOWER
INC.    

            NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    

Customs for periods subsequent to our initial investments
in the United Kingdom in August 2012 and by Luxembourg taxing authorities
generally for periods subsequent to our establishment of certain
Luxembourg-based subsidiaries during 2014.             

19.       Variable
Interest Entities    

We have entered into
joint ventures to own certain seniors housing and outpatient medical assets
which are deemed to be variable interest entities ( VIE ).   We have concluded
that we are the primary beneficiary of these VIE s based on a combination of
operational control of the joint venture and the rights to receive residual
returns or the obligation to absorb losses arising from the joint ventures. 
Except for capital contributions associated with the initial joint venture
formations, the joint ventures have been and are expected to be funded from the
ongoing operations of the underlying properties.  Accordingly, such joint
ventures have been consolidated, and the table below summarizes the balance
sheets of consolidated VIE s in the aggregate (in thousands):     

20. Subsequent
Events    

On November 1, 2016, we completed a disposition of properties
leased to Genesis Healthcare generating approximately $1.1 billion in proceeds. 
These assets did not meet held for sale classification at September 30, 2016
due to the execution risk associated with the transaction.     

26   

EXECUTIVE
  SUMMARY   

Company Overview  
         Business Strategy  
         Capital Market Outlook  
         Key Transactions in 2016  
         Key Performance Indicators,
  Trends and Uncertainties  
         Corporate Governance  

28  
    28  
    29  
    29  
    30  
    32  

LIQUIDITY
  AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

Sources and Uses of Cash  
         Off-Balance Sheet
  Arrangements  
         Contractual Obligations  
         Capital Structure  

33  
    33  
    34  
    34  

RESULTS
  OF OPERATIONS   

Summary  
         Triple-net  
         Seniors Housing Operating  
         Outpatient Medical  
         Non-Segment/Corporate  

35  
    35  
    37  
    39  
    42  

OTHER   

Non-GAAP Financial Measures  
         Other Disclosures  
         Critical Accounting Policies  

43  
    48  
    53  

Cautionary Statement
  Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

54  

27   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

The
following discussion and analysis is based primarily on the unaudited consolidated
financial statements of Welltower Inc. for the periods presented and should be
read together with the notes thereto contained in this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q. Other important factors are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015, including factors identified under the
headings  Business,   Risk Factors,  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   References herein to  we, 
 us,   our,  or the  company  refer to Welltower Inc. and its subsidiaries
unless specifically noted otherwise.   

    Executive Summary    

     Company Overview     

            Welltower
Inc. (NYSE:HCN), an S P 500 company headquartered in Toledo, Ohio, is
driving the transformation of health care infrastructure. The company invests
with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems
to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care
delivery models and improve people s wellness and overall health care experience. 
Welltower , a real estate investment trust ( REIT ), owns properties in major,
high-growth markets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom,
consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities and outpatient medical
properties    . Our capital programs, when combined with
comprehensive planning, development and property management services, make us a
single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing,
repositioning and monetizing real estate assets.     

        The following table
summarizes our consolidated portfolio for the three months ended September 30,
2016 (dollars in thousands):   

Business Strategy     

        Our
primary objectives are to protect stockholder capital and enhance stockholder
value. We seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create
opportunities to increase dividend payments to stockholders as a result of
annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. To meet these
objectives, we invest across the full spectrum of seniors housing and health
care real estate and diversify our investment portfolio by property type, relationship
and geographic location.   

        Substantially all of our
revenues are derived from operating lease rentals, resident fees and services,
and interest earned on outstanding loans receivable. These items represent our
primary sources of liquidity to fund distributions and depend upon the
continued ability of our obligors to make contractual rent and interest
payments to us and the profitability of our operating properties. To the extent
that our customers/partners experience operating difficulties and become unable
to generate sufficient cash to make payments to us, there could be a material
adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or
financial condition. To mitigate this risk, we monitor our investments through
a variety of methods determined by the type of property. Our proactive and
comprehensive asset management process for seniors housing properties generally
includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for
each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property
inspections, and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real
estate taxes, letters of credit and other collateral. Our internal property
management division actively manages and monitors the outpatient medical
portfolio with a comprehensive process including tenant relations, lease
expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system
relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs, and market
conditions among other things. In monitoring our portfolio, our personnel use a
proprietary database to collect and analyze property-specific data.
Additionally, we conduct extensive research to ascertain industry trends.  We
evaluate the operating environment in each property s market to determine the
likely trend in operating performance of the facility.  When we identify
unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate or transfer the risk.
Through these efforts, we are generally able to intervene at an early stage to
address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability
of revenue and the value of our investment.   

        In addition to our asset management
and research efforts, we also structure our investments to help mitigate
payment risk. Operating leases and loans are normally credit enhanced by
guaranties and/or letters of credit. In addition, operating leases are
typically structured as master leases and loans are generally cross-defaulted
and cross-collateralized with other real estate loans, operating leases or
agreements between us and the obligor and its affiliates.   

28   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, rental income
and resident fees and services represented 39% and 58%, respectively, of total
revenues.  Substantially all of our operating leases are designed with
escalating rent structures. Leases with fixed annual rental escalators are
generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the initial lease period,
subject to a collectability assessment. Rental income related to leases with
contingent rental escalators is generally recorded based on the contractual
cash rental payments due for the period. Our yield on loans receivable depends
upon a number of factors, including the stated interest rate, the average
principal amount outstanding during the term of the loan and any interest rate
adjustments.   

        Our primary sources of
cash include rent and interest receipts, resident fees and services, borrowings
under our primary unsecured credit facility, public issuances of debt and
equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions and principal payments
on loans receivable. Our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions,
debt service payments (including principal and interest), real property investments
(including acquisitions, capital expenditures, construction advances and
transaction costs), loan advances, property operating expenses and general and
administrative expenses.  Depending upon the availability and cost of external
capital, we believe our liquidity is sufficient to fund these uses of cash.   

        We also continuously
evaluate opportunities to finance future investments.  New investments are
generally funded from temporary borrowings under our primary unsecured credit
facility, internally generated cash and the proceeds from investment
dispositions. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and
principal payments on loans receivable. Permanent financing for future
investments, which replaces funds drawn under our primary unsecured credit
facility, has historically been provided through a combination of the issuance
of public debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption of
secured debt.   

        Depending upon market
conditions, we believe that new investments will be available in the future
with spreads over our cost of capital that will generate appropriate returns to
our stockholders. It is also possible that investment dispositions may occur in
the future. To the extent that investment dispositions exceed new investments,
our revenues and cash flows from operations could be adversely affected. We
expect to reinvest the proceeds from any investment dispositions in new
investments. To the extent that new investment requirements exceed our
available cash on-hand, we expect to borrow under our primary unsecured credit
facility. At September 30, 2016, we had $428,617,000 of cash and cash
equivalents, $83,137,000 of restricted cash and $1,604,665,000 of available
borrowing capacity under our primary unsecured credit facility.   

Capital Market Outlook     

        We believe the capital
markets remain supportive of our investment strategy.  For the 21 months ended
September 30, 2016, we raised $4,492,991,000 in aggregate gross proceeds
through the issuance of common stock and unsecured debt. The capital raised, in
combination with available cash and borrowing capacity under our primary
unsecured credit facility, supported pro rata gross new investments of
$4,819,684,000 during 2015 and $2,129,447,000 during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016.  We expect attractive investment opportunities to remain
available in the future as we continue to leverage the benefits of our
relationship investment strategy.   

Key Transactions in 2016     

           Capital   . 
     In March 2016, we issued $700,000,000 of
4.25% senior unsecured notes due 2026, generating approximately $688,560,000 of
net proceeds.  In May 2016, we closed on a new primary unsecured credit
facility that includes a $3,000,000,000 unsecured revolving credit facility, a
$500,000,000 unsecured term credit facility and a $250,000,000
Canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility plus an option     to upsize the unsecured revolving credit
facility and the $500,000,000 unsecured term credit facility by up to an
additional $1,000,000,000, in the aggregate, and the $250,000,000
Canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility by up to an additional
$250,000,000.      The facility also allows us to borrow up to
$1,000,000,000 in alternate currencies.  Based on our current credit ratings,
the unsecured revolving credit facility is priced at 0.90% over LIBOR with a
0.15% annual facility fee and the unsecured term credit facilities are priced
at 0.95% over LIBOR for the U.S. tranche and CDOR for the Canadian tranche.  The
unsecured term credit facilities mature on May 13, 2021 and the unsecured
revolving credit facility matures on May 13, 2020. The unsecured revolving
credit facility can be extended for two successive terms of six months each at
our option.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we raised $513,109,000
through our dividend reinvestment program and our Equity Shelf Program (as
defined below).   

           Investments   . 
The following summarizes our acquisitions and joint venture investments
completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in
thousands):   

29   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

Dispositions   .  The following summarizes property
dispositions made during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in
thousands):   

Dividends   . Our Board of Directors increased the annual
cash dividend to $3.44 per common share ($0.86 per share quarterly), as
compared to $3.30 per common share for 2015, beginning in February 2016.  The
dividend declared for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 represents the 182 nd 
consecutive quarterly dividend payment.   

Key Performance
Indicators, Trends and Uncertainties     

        We
utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of
our business. These indicators are discussed below and relate to operating
performance, concentration risk and credit strength. Management uses these key
performance indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our
historical operating results, in making operating decisions and for budget
planning purposes.   

           Operating Performance   . We
believe that net income attributable to common stockholders ( NICS ) is the
most appropriate earnings measure. Other useful supplemental measures of our
operating performance include funds from operations attributable to common
stockholders ( FFO ), net operating income from continuing operations ( NOI )
and same store NOI ( SSNOI  however, these supplemental measures are not
defined by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ). Please
refer to the section entitled  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  for further discussion
and reconciliations of FFO, NOI and SSNOI. These earnings measures and their
relative per share amounts are widely used by investors and analysts in the
valuation, comparison and investment recommendations of companies. The
following table reflects the recent historical trends of our operating
performance measures for the periods presented (in thousands, except per share
amounts):   

30   

Credit Strength.      We measure our credit strength both in terms of leverage ratios
and coverage ratios. The leverage ratios indicate how much of our balance sheet
capitalization is related to long-term debt, net of cash and IRC section 1031
deposits. The coverage ratios indicate our ability to service interest and
fixed charges (interest, secured debt principal amortization and preferred
dividends). We expect to maintain capitalization ratios and coverage ratios
sufficient to maintain a capital structure consistent with our current profile.
The coverage ratios are based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization ( EBITDA ) which is discussed in further detail, and
reconciled to net income, below in  Non-GAAP Financial Measures.  Leverage
ratios and coverage ratios are widely used by investors, analysts and rating
agencies in the valuation, comparison, investment recommendations and rating of
companies. The following table reflects the recent historical trends for our
credit strength measures for the periods presented:   

Concentration Risk   .
We evaluate our concentration risk in terms of NOI by property mix,
relationship mix and geographic mix. Concentration risk is a valuable measure
in understanding what portion of our NOI could be at risk if certain sectors
were to experience downturns.  Property mix measures the portion of our NOI
that relates to our various property types. Relationship mix measures the
portion of our NOI that relates to our top five relationships. Geographic mix
measures the portion of our NOI that relates to our top five states (or
international equivalents). The following table reflects our recent historical
trends of concentration risk by NOI for the periods indicated below:   

31   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

Lease
Expirations.      The following table sets forth information regarding
lease expirations for certain portions of our portfolio as of September 30,
2016 (dollars in thousands):   

We evaluate our key performance
indicators in conjunction with current expectations to determine if historical
trends are indicative of future results. Our expected results may not be
achieved and actual results may differ materially from our expectations.
Factors that may cause actual results to differ from expected results are
described in more detail in  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements  and other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Management regularly monitors economic and other factors to develop strategic
and tactical plans designed to improve performance and maximize our competitive
position. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our
ability to effectively execute these plans and to appropriately respond to
emerging economic and company-specific trends. Please refer to our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, under the headings
 Business,   Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  for further discussion of these
risk factors.   

Corporate
Governance     

32   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

Maintaining investor confidence and
trust is important in today s business environment. Our Board of Directors and
management are strongly committed to policies and procedures that reflect the
highest level of ethical business practices. Our corporate governance
guidelines provide the framework for our business operations and emphasize our
commitment to increase stockholder value while meeting all applicable legal
requirements. These guidelines meet the listing standards adopted by the New
York Stock Exchange and are available on the Internet at
www.welltower.com/investors/governance.  The information on our website is not
incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and our web
address is included as an inactive textual reference only.   

Liquidity and Capital Resources    

     Sources and Uses
of Cash     

        Our
primary sources of cash include rent and interest receipts, resident fees and
services, borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility, public
issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions
and principal payments on loans receivable. Our primary uses of cash include
dividend distributions, debt service payments (including principal and
interest), real property investments (including acquisitions, capital
expenditures, construction advances and transaction costs), loan advances,
property operating expenses, and general and administrative expenses. These
sources and uses of cash are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows and are discussed in further detail below.  The following is a summary of
our sources and uses of cash flows (dollars in thousands):   

Operating Activities   . The
change in net cash provided from operating activities is primarily attributable
to increases in NOI, which is primarily due to acquisitions.  Please see
 Results of Operations  for further discussion. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, cash flow provided from operations exceeded cash
distributions to stockholders.    

Investing Activities   . 
The changes in net cash used in investing activities are primarily attributable
to net changes in real property investments, real estate loans receivable and
investments in unconsolidated entities, which are summarized above in  Key
Transactions in 2016  and Notes 3 and 6 of our unaudited consolidated financial
statements. The following is a summary of cash used in non-acquisition capital
improvement activities (dollars in thousands):   

The change in new
development is primarily due to the number and size of construction projects
on-going during the relevant periods.  Renovations, redevelopments and other
capital improvements include expenditures to maximize property value, increase
net operating income, maintain a market-competitive position and/or achieve
property stabilization.  Generally, these expenditures have increased as a
result of acquisitions, primarily in our seniors housing operating segment.   

Financing Activities     .  The changes in
net cash provided from financing activities are primarily attributable to
changes related to our long-term debt arrangements, the issuance/conversion of
common and preferred stock and dividend payments. Please refer to Notes 9, 10
and 13 of our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional
information.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     

33   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

At September 30, 2016, we had
investments in unconsolidated entities with our ownership generally ranging from
10% to 50%. Please see Note 7 to our unaudited consolidated financial
statements for additional information.  We use financial derivative instruments
to hedge interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate exposure. Please see
Note 11 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional
information.  At September 30, 2016, we had ten outstanding letter of credit
obligations. Please see Note 12 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements
for additional information.   

Contractual
Obligations     

        The following table
summarizes our payment requirements under contractual obligations as of
September 30, 2016 (in thousands):   

Capital Structure     

        Our debt agreements
contain various covenants, restrictions and events of default. Certain
agreements require us to maintain certain financial ratios and minimum net
worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create
liens and make investments or acquisitions. As of September 30, 2016, we were
in compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements. None of our
debt agreements contain provisions for acceleration which could be triggered by
our debt ratings. However, under our primary unsecured credit facility, the
ratings on our senior unsecured notes are used to determine the fees and
interest charged.      We plan to manage the company to maintain compliance with our debt
covenants and with a capital structure consistent with our current profile. Any
downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any or all of the rating agencies
could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital,
which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results
of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition.   

On May 1, 2015, we filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) (1) an open-ended
automatic or  universal  shelf registration statement covering an indeterminate
amount of future offerings of debt securities, common stock, preferred stock,
depositary shares, warrants and units and (2) a registration statement in
connection with our enhanced dividend reinvestment plan under which we may
issue up to 15,000,000 shares of common stock. As of October 31, 2016,
7,861,039 shares of common stock       

34   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

remained available
for issuance under this registration statement. We have entered into separate
Equity Distribution Agreements with each of UBS Securities LLC, KeyBanc Capital
Markets Inc. and Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. relating to the offer
and sale from time to time of up to $630,015,000 aggregate amount of our common
stock ( Equity Shelf Program ). As of October 31, 2016, we had $171,757,000 of
remaining capacity under the Equity Shelf Program. Depending upon market
conditions, we anticipate issuing securities under our registration statements
to invest in additional properties and to repay borrowings under our primary
unsecured credit facility.   

Results of Operations    

Summary    

Our primary
sources of revenue include rent and resident fees and services. Our primary
expenses include interest expense, depreciation and amortization, property
operating expenses, transaction costs and general and administrative expenses.
We evaluate our business and make resource allocations on our three business
segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient medical. The
primary performance measures for our properties are NOI and SSNOI, which are
discussed below.  Please see Note 17 to our unaudited consolidated financial
statements for additional information.     The following is a
summary of our results of operations (dollars in thousands, except per share
amounts):   

Triple-net    

             The
following is a summary of our NOI for the triple-net segment (dollars in
thousands):   

35   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, we reclassified four properties previously
classified in the triple-net segment to the outpatient medical segment. 
Accordingly, the information has been reclassified to conform to the current
presentation for all periods presented.      The following
is a summary of our results of operations for the triple-net segment (dollars
in thousands):   

The increase in rental
income is primarily attributable to the acquisitions of new properties and the
conversion of newly constructed triple-net properties from which we receive rent.
Certain of our leases contain annual rental escalators that are contingent upon
changes in the Consumer Price Index and/or changes in the gross operating
revenues of the tenant s properties.  These escalators are not fixed, so no
straight-line rent is recorded; however, rental income is recorded based on the
contractual cash rental payments due for the period.  If gross operating
revenues at our facilities and/or the Consumer Price Index do not increase, a
portion of our revenues may not continue to increase.  Sales of real property
would offset revenue increases and, to the extent that they exceed new
acquisitions, could result in decreased revenues.  Our leases could renew above
or below current rent rates, resulting in an increase or decrease in rental
income.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we had no lease
renewals but we had 36 leases with rental rate increasers ranging from 0.01% to
0.43% in our triple-net portfolio. The change in interest income is due to a
higher loan volume in the current year, which includes two first mortgage loans
to Genesis Healthcare.  The decrease in other income is due to the receipt of
an early prepayment fee in 2015 related to a real estate loan receivable.   

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, we completed one triple-net construction project
totaling $24,535,000 or $310,569 per bed/unit and one expansion project
totaling $2,879,000.   The following is a summary of triple-net construction
projects pending as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands):   

36   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

Interest
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 represents
secured debt interest expense and gains and losses on forward exchange
contracts.      The change in interest expense is due to the net effect and timing
of assumptions, segment transitions, fluctuations in foreign currency rates, extinguishments
and principal amortizations. The following is a summary of our triple-net
secured debt principal activity (dollars in thousands):   

In April 2011, we completed the acquisition of substantially
all of the real estate assets of privately-owned Genesis Healthcare
Corporation. In conjunction with this transaction, we received the option to
acquire an ownership interest in Genesis Healthcare.  In February 2015, Genesis
Healthcare closed on a transaction to merge with Skilled Healthcare Group to
become a publicly traded company which required us to record the value of the
derivative asset due to the net settlement feature.  This event resulted in
$58,427,000 gain in the first quarter of 2015.   

        Depreciation and amortization increased primarily as a result
of new property acquisitions and the conversions of newly constructed
triple-net properties. To the extent that we acquire or dispose of additional
properties in the future, our provision for depreciation and amortization will
change accordingly.     

        Transaction costs are costs incurred with property
acquisitions including due diligence costs, fees for legal and valuation
services, the termination of pre-existing relationships, lease termination
expenses and other similar costs.  The 2015 transaction costs include a charge
related to the termination of pre-existing relationships, the termination of a
lease obligation and overall higher transaction volume. The fluctuation in
losses/gains on debt extinguishment is primarily attributable to the volume of
extinguishments and the terms of the related secured debt.     

   Changes in the gain on sales of properties are related
to property sales which     totaled 43 and   23 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded impairment charges on certain
held-for-sale triple-net properties as the fair values less estimated costs to
sell exceeded our carrying values.    

    Seniors
Housing Operating    

        The following is a summary of our NOI for the seniors housing
operating segment (dollars in thousands):   

37   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

The following is a
summary of our seniors housing operating results of operations (dollars in
thousands):   

Fluctuations
in revenues and property operating expenses are primarily a result of
acquisitions and the movement of U.S. and foreign currency exchange rates. The
fluctuations in depreciation and amortization are due to acquisitions and
variations in amortization of short-lived intangible assets. To the extent that
we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, these amounts
will change accordingly.     

During the nine
month period ended September 30, 2016, we did not complete any construction
projects.  The following is a summary of our seniors housing operating
construction projects, excluding expansions, pending as of September 30, 2016
(dollars in thousands):   

38   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

Interest expense represents
secured debt interest expense as well as interest expense related to all
foreign senior unsecured debt.  The increase in interest expense is attributed
primarily to the $300,000,000 Canadian-denominated senior unsecured notes
issued in November 2015.  Please refer to Note 10 to our unaudited consolidated
financial statements for additional information. The following is a summary of
our seniors housing operating property secured debt principal activity (dollars
in thousands):   

T  ransaction
costs fluctuate based on the volume of acquisitions in a year. For the current
year, transaction costs are higher because of increased acquisition volume. 
The majority of our seniors housing operating properties are formed through
partnership interests.  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
represents our partners  share of net income (loss) related to joint ventures.     The fluctuations in income (loss) from unconsolidated entities is
primarily due to depreciation and amortization of short-lived intangible assets
and the timing of additional investments in unconsolidated entities.     

Outpatient
Medical    

The following is a summary of our NOI for the outpatient medical segment
(dollars in thousands):   

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we
reclassified four properties previously classified in the triple-net segment to
the outpatient medical segment.  Accordingly, the information has been
reclassified to conform to the current presentation for all periods presented. 
    The following is a summary of our results of
operations for the outpatient medical segment (dollars in thousands):   

39   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

The increase
in rental income is primarily attributable to the acquisitions of new
properties and the conversion of newly constructed outpatient medical
properties from which we receive rent. Certain of our leases contain annual
rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the Consumer Price Index.
These escalators are not fixed, so no straight-line rent is recorded; however,
rental income is recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for
the period. If the Consumer Price Index does not increase, a portion of our
revenues may not continue to increase. Sales of real property would offset
revenue increases and, to the extent that they exceed new acquisitions, could
result in decreased revenues. Our leases could renew above or below current
rent rates, resulting in an increase or decrease in rental income.  For the
three months ended September 30, 2016, our consolidated outpatient medical
portfolio signed 73,024 square feet of new leases and 271,496 square feet of
renewals.  The weighted-average term of these leases was eight years, with
a rate of $37.78 per square foot and tenant improvement and lease commission
costs of $16.24 per square foot. Substantially all of these leases during
the referenced quarter contain an annual fixed or contingent escalation rent
structure ranging from the change in CPI to 4%.     

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we completed three
outpatient medical construction projects representing $44,113,000 or $281 per
square foot. The following is a summary of the outpatient medical construction
projects, excluding expansions, pending as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in
thousands):   

40   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

Total interest expense
represents secured debt interest expense. The change in secured debt interest
expense is primarily due to the net effect and timing of assumptions,
extinguishments and principal amortizations. The following is a summary of our
outpatient medical secured debt principal activity (dollars in thousands):   

The increase
in property operating expenses is primarily attributable to acquisitions and
construction conversions of new outpatient medical facilities for which we
incur certain property operating expenses. Transaction costs represent costs
incurred with property acquisitions including due diligence costs, fees for
legal and valuation services, termination of pre-existing relationships, lease
termination expenses and other similar costs. Income from unconsolidated
entities represents our share of net income or losses related to the periods
for which we held a joint venture investment with Forest City Enterprises and
certain unconsolidated property investments. Changes in gains/losses on sales
of properties are related to volume of property sales and the sales prices. A
portion of our outpatient medical properties were formed through partnerships.
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners 
share of net income or loss relating to those partnerships where we are the
controlling partner.    

41   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

Non-Segment/Corporate    

        The following is a summary of our
results of operations for the non-segment/corporate activities (dollars in
thousands):   

The following is a summary of our non-segment/corporate
interest expense (dollars in thousands):   

The change
in interest expense on senior unsecured notes is due to the net effect of
issuances and extinguishments, excluding our foreign senior unsecured debt,
which is in our seniors housing operating segment.  Please refer to Note 10 to
our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
Loan expense represents the amortization of deferred loan costs incurred in
connection with the issuance and amendments of debt. Loan expense changes are
due to amortization of charges for costs incurred in connection with senior
unsecured note issuances.  The change in interest expense on the primary
unsecured credit facility is due primarily to the net effect and timing of
draws, paydowns and variable interest rate changes.  Please refer to Note 9 of
our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information
regarding our primary unsecured credit facility.   

General and administrative expenses as a percentage of
consolidated revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were
3.41% and 3.77%, respectively.  The increase in general and administrative
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily related to
professional service fees for tax and legal consulting and costs associated
with our initiatives to attract and retain appropriate personnel to achieve our
business objectives. Other expenses in both years included costs associated
with the retirement of executive officers.  Other expenses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 also included costs associated with the termination of
our investment in a strategic medical office partnership.   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

Other    

Non-GAAP Financial Measures     

        We believe that net income, as defined by U.S. GAAP, is the
most appropriate earnings measurement. However, we consider FFO, NOI, SSNOI,
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to be useful supplemental measures of our operating
performance. Historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance
with U.S. GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets
diminishes predictably over time as evidenced by the provision for
depreciation. However, since real estate values have historically risen or
fallen with market conditions, many industry investors and analysts have
considered presentations of operating results for real estate companies that
use historical cost accounting to be insufficient. In response, the National
Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( NAREIT ) created funds from
operations attributable to common stockholders ( FFO ) as a supplemental
measure of operating performance for REITs that excludes historical cost
depreciation from net income. FFO, as defined by NAREIT, means net income
attributable to common stockholders, computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate and impairment of
depreciable assets, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments
for unconsolidated entities and noncontrolling interests.   

        Net operating income from continuing operations ( NOI ) is
used to evaluate the operating performance of our properties. We define NOI as
total revenues, including tenant reimbursements, less property operating
expenses. Property operating expenses represent costs associated with managing,
maintaining and servicing tenants for our seniors housing operating and medical
facility properties.  These expenses include, but are not limited to,
property-related payroll and benefits, property management fees, marketing,
housekeeping, food service, maintenance, utilities, property taxes and
insurance.  General and administrative expenses represent costs unrelated to
property operations or transaction costs.  These expenses include, but are not
limited to, payroll and benefits, professional services, office expenses and
depreciation of corporate fixed assets.  Same store NOI ( SSNOI ) is used to
evaluate the cash-based operating performance of our properties under a
consistent population which eliminates changes in the composition of our
portfolio.  As used herein, same store is generally defined as those
revenue-generating properties in the portfolio for the reporting period
subsequent to January 1, 2015.  Land parcels, loans and sub-leases as well as any
properties acquired, developed/redeveloped, transitioned, sold or classified as
held for sale during that period are excluded from the same store amounts.  We
believe NOI and SSNOI provide investors relevant and useful information because
they measure the operating performance of our properties at the property level
on an unleveraged basis. We use NOI and SSNOI to make decisions about resource
allocations and to assess the property level performance of our properties.   

        EBITDA stands for earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization. We believe that EBITDA, along with net income
and cash flow provided from operating activities, is an important supplemental
measure because it provides additional information to assess and evaluate the
performance of our operations. We primarily utilize EBITDA to measure our
interest coverage ratio, which represents EBITDA divided by total interest, and
our fixed charge coverage ratio, which represents EBITDA divided by fixed
charges. Fixed charges include total interest, secured debt principal
amortization and preferred dividends.     

        A covenant in our primary unsecured credit facility contains
a financial ratio based on a definition of EBITDA that is specific to that
agreement. Failure to satisfy these covenants could result in an event of
default that could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability
of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated
results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. Due to the
materiality of these debt agreements and the financial covenants, we have
disclosed Adjusted EBITDA, which represents EBITDA as defined above and
adjusted for items per our covenant. We use Adjusted EBITDA to measure our
adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio, which represents Adjusted EBITDA divided
by fixed charges on a trailing twelve months basis. Fixed charges include total
interest (excluding capitalized interest and non-cash interest expenses),
secured debt principal amortization and preferred dividends. Our covenant requires
an adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.50 times.   

        Other than Adjusted EBITDA, our supplemental reporting
measures and similarly entitled financial measures are widely used by
investors, equity and debt analysts and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison,
rating and investment recommendations of companies. Management uses these
financial measures to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our
historical operating results and in making operating decisions. Additionally,
these measures are utilized by the Board of Directors to evaluate management.
Adjusted EBITDA is used to demonstrate our compliance with a comparable financial
covenant in our primary unsecured credit facility and is not being presented
for use by investors for any other purpose. None of our supplemental measures
represent net income or cash flow provided from operating activities as
determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as
alternative measures of profitability or liquidity. Finally, the supplemental
measures, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly entitled items
reported by other real estate investment trusts or other companies.   

The table below reflects the reconciliation of FFO to net
income attributable to common stockholders, the most directly comparable U.S.
GAAP measure, for the periods presented. Noncontrolling interest and
unconsolidated entity amounts represent adjustments to reflect our share of
depreciation and amortization.  Amounts are in thousands except for per share
data.   

43   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

The table below reflects the
reconciliation of EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP
measure, for the periods presented. Interest expense includes discontinued
operations. Dollars are in thousands.   

44   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

45   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

The
table below reflects the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the
most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods presented. Interest
expense includes discontinued operations. Dollars are in thousands.   

The following tables reflect the
reconciliation of NOI (which derives directly from consolidated results) and
SSNOI for the periods presented.  Dollars are in thousands.   

46   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

47   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

48   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

Other
Disclosures    

United States of America     

Policy and legislative
changes that increase or decrease government reimbursement impact our operators
and tenants that participate in Medicare, Medicaid or other government
programs.  The reimbursement methodologies applied to health care facilities continue
to evolve.  To the extent that policy or legislative changes, or new
reimbursement methodologies decrease government reimbursement to our operators
and tenants, our revenue and operations may be indirectly adversely affected.   

Licensing and Certification     

Certain health care
facilities are subject to a variety of licensure and certificate of need
( CON ) laws and regulations.  Where applicable, CON laws generally require,
among other requirements, that a facility demonstrate the need for (1)
constructing a new facility, (2) adding beds or expanding an existing facility,
(3) investing in major capital equipment or adding new services, (4) changing
the ownership or control of an existing licensed facility, or (5) terminating
services that have been previously approved through the CON process.  State and
federal officials, increasingly including the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC )
and the U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ), are challenging CON laws for
reducing competition in the industry, creating barriers to entry and expansion,
limiting consumer choice, and stifling innovation.  We cannot predict whether
current or future efforts to repeal or amend these state laws will be
successful, nor can we predict the impact that such repeals or amendments would
have on our operators or tenants and their ability to meet their obligations to
us.     

Reimbursement     

The Department of Health
and Human Services ( HHS ) pledged to tie 30% of Medicare payments to quality
or alternative payment models by the end of 2016 and to tie 50% of Medicare
payments to quality or alternate payment models by the end of 2018.  In January
2015, the Administration announced that it achieved its goal of tying 30% of
Medicare payments to quality ahead of schedule, by year end 2015 rather than
the targeted deadline of year end 2016.  Providers increasingly are entering
into value-based purchasing arrangements, which to the extent our operators and
tenants enter into such agreements, could affect their reimbursement and
indirectly impact our revenues and operations.  For example, the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) launched the Hospital Value-Based
Purchasing ( VBP ) Program in 2013, which is an initiative designed to reward
acute-care hospitals with incentive payments for the quality of care they
provide to Medicare beneficiaries.  In addition, in fiscal year 2019, CMS
expects to implement the Skilled Nursing Facility Value-Based Purchasing
Program ( SNFVBP ), which is intended to promote better clinical outcomes for
skilled nursing facility ( SNF ) patients through the use of incentive payments
to participating SNFs based on the quality of care provided.  Similarly, other
public and private payors have started considering whether to base
reimbursement decisions on access, price, quality, efficiency, and alignment of
incentives, rewarding higher quality healthcare providers with enhanced
payments and increased market share.     

On October 6, 2014, the
President signed into law the Improving Medicare Post-Acute Transformation Act
of 2014 ( IMPACT Act ).  The law required MedPAC to submit a report to Congress
by June 30, 2016, evaluating and recommending features of a post-acute payment
system that establishes payment rates according to individual characteristics
instead of the post-acute setting where the patient is treated.  On June 15,
2016, MedPAC submitted this report to Congress, which provides general
guidelines, rather than specific details, for developing a new cross-facility
payment system, including a common unit of service, a common risk adjustment
system using patient characteristics, separate models to establish payments for
non-therapy ancillary services and therapy services, and two outlier policies
for high-cost stays and short stays.  The IMPACT Act requires MedPAC to issue
another report in 2023, following CMS s development of an actual payment
prototype.   

On November 3, 2015, CMS published a
proposed rule that would revise the discharge planning requirements that
hospitals, including long-term acute care hospitals ( LTCHs ), inpatient
rehabilitation facilities ( IRFs ) and home health agencies ( HHAs ) must meet
in order to participate in the Medicare and Medicaid programs.  Among other
things, the proposed rule would require hospitals and other facilities to
evaluate patients for their discharge needs and develop specific written
discharge plans for them.  The proposed rule would also implement the discharge
planning requirements of the IMPACT Act.  Provider groups have expressed
concern that the proposed rule, if implemented, could create burdensome
paperwork requirements, resulting in the need to hire additional staff and
necessarily expend more resources.    

On February 9, 2016, President Obama
released his budget proposal for fiscal year ( FY ) 2017.  The proposed budget
would cut Medicare payments to providers by $420 billion over ten years.  Among
other Medicare-related changes, the President s budget plan over ten years
would: (1) reduce bad debt payments to providers by $32.9 billion, (2) reduce
the payment updates for post-acute care       

49   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

providers by
$86.6 billion, (3) raise the  60% Rule  threshold for IRFs back to 75% for
reductions of $2.2 billion, and (4) implement bundled post-acute care payments
for reductions of $9.9 billion.  If these recommendations are adopted, we
cannot predict whether they will have a material impact on our operators  or
tenants  property or business.    

On March 11, 2016, CMS
published a proposed rule to test new models regarding Medicare Part B payments
for prescription drugs.  The proposal is designed to test different physician
and patient incentives to drive the prescribing of the most effective drugs and
test new payment approaches to reward positive patient outcomes.  If this
proposed rule is finalized, it may impact our operators  and tenants  Medicare
reimbursement rates, and our revenues and operations may be indirectly
affected.   

On March 15, 2016, the
House Energy and Commerce Committee approved the Common Sense Act of 2016,
which would lower the maximum rate for Medicaid provider tax assessments from
6.0% of taxpayer revenues to 5.5%.  If enacted, the bill could lower funds
available for state Medicaid programs and may result in lower Medicaid rates to
our operators.     

On March 24, 2016, CMS
announced the next phase of its Initiative to Reduce Avoidable Hospitalizations
among Nursing Facility Residents.  Through this new payment model, CMS will
encourage healthcare practitioners to provide additional treatments for
especially ill or frail nursing home residents by equalizing the payments
between a comprehensive assessment given at SNFs and hospitals.  Participating
SNFs will also receive payment to provide additional treatment for common
medical conditions that often lead to avoidable hospitalizations.  To the
extent our operators and tenants participate in this initiative, it could
affect their reimbursement and indirectly impact our revenues and operations.   

On April 1, 2016, CMS s
bundled payment program for Lower Extremity Joint Replacement ( CJR )
procedures went into effect.  The CJR bundled payment program is mandatory for
all hospitals paid under the Medicare Inpatient Prospective Payment System and
located in the 67 selected Metropolitan Statistical Areas.  On August 2, 2016,
CMS published a proposed rule that, among other things, would expand the CJR
bundles to include hip and femur fractures, as well as total knee and hip joint
replacements.  This could have an effect on our SNF operators as patients are
down streamed for recovery.    

On April 4, 2016, CMS
announced the final 2017 payment rates for Medicare Advantage, with an expected
average payment increase of 0.85%.  Changes in Medicare Advantage plan payments
may indirectly affect our operators and tenants that contract with Medicare
Advantage plans.    

On June 16, 2016, CMS
published a proposed rule that would update the requirements that hospitals and
critical access hospitals ( CAHs ) must meet to participate in the Medicare and
Medicaid programs.  The rule would apply new conditions of participation to
such hospitals, including revisions to reduce readmissions, advance
non-discrimination protections, increase infection control, and address other
quality measures.  If finalized, these new conditions of participation may
potentially increase the operating costs of our tenants and operators.    

On July 14, 2016, CMS published
a proposed rule regarding 2017 Medicare payment rates for Hospital Outpatient
Departments ( HOPDs ) and Ambulatory Surgery Centers ( ASCs ).  CMS Estimates
that updates in the proposed rule would increase HOPD payments by approximately
1.6% and ASC payments by 1.2% in 2017.  In addition, CMS proposes to implement
section 603 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, which requires that, with the
exception of dedicated emergency department services, services furnished in
off-campus provider-based departments that began billing under the HOPD
Prospective Payment System ( PPS ) on or after November 2, 2015 would no longer
be paid under the HOPD PPS; instead, these services would be paid under other
applicable Part B payment systems, including the Physician Fee Schedule
( PFS ), beginning January 1, 2017.  Specifically, CMS would pay physicians at
the  nonfacility  PFS rate and there would be no payment made directly to the
hospital by Medicare.    

On August 2, 2016, CMS
published a proposed rule that would create a bundled payment program for acute
myocardial infarction or coronary artery bypass graft surgery procedures. 
Similar to the CJR bundled payment program, the Cardiac Care bundled payment
program would be mandatory for all hospitals paid under the Medicare Inpatient
Prospective Payment System and located in the 98 selected Metropolitan
Statistical Areas.  If finalized, this proposed rule could have an effect on
our SNF operators as patients are down streamed for recovery.    

On August 5, 2016, CMS
published a final rule regarding FY 2017 Medicare payment policies and rates
for SNFs and IRFs.  Under the final SNF rule, CMS projects that aggregate
payments to SNFs will increase in FY 2017 by $920 million, or 2.4%, from
payments in FY 2016.  The final SNF rule also finalized three quality and
resource use measures SNFs are required to report pursuant to the Protecting
Access to Medicare Act of 2014.  Beginning in FY 2018, SNFs that fail to submit
the required quality data to CMS will be subject to a 2% reduction to the
annual market basket percentage update.  Under the final IRF rule, CMS
estimates that aggregate payments to IRFs will increase in FY 2017 by $145
million, or 1.9%, relative to payments in FY 2016.   

50   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

On August 16, 2016, CMS
published a proposed rule that would revise and update the requirements for the
Programs of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly ( PACE ) program under Medicare
and Medicaid, a unique capitated managed care benefit for the frail elderly,
including strengthening protections and improving care for beneficiaries and
providing administrative flexibility and regulatory relief for PACE
organizations.  Among other updates, CMS is proposing to allow non-physician
primary care practitioners to provide some services in the place of primary
care physicians in order to expand access to PACE and allow PACE organizations
the flexibility to continue to meet the needs and preferences of participants. 
Additional proposed beneficiary protections include requiring PACE
organizations that offer prescription drug coverage to comply with Medicare
Part D prescription drug program requirements and strengthening CMS s ability
to impose sanctions and enforcement actions on PACE organizations.   

On August 22, 2016, CMS
published a final rule regarding FY 2017 Medicare payment policies and rates
for LTCHs.  As a result of the continuation of the phase-in of site neutral
payment rates for specified cases in LTCHs, CMS projects FY 2017 Medicare
payments to LTCHs will decrease by 7.1%, or approximately $363 million in FY
2017.  Payment rates will increase by 0.7% for cases that qualify for the
higher standard LTCH Prospective Payment System rate.  The final rule also
implements the proposed 25% threshold policy, under which payment adjustments
are made when the number of cases an LTCH admits from a single hospital exceeds
a specified threshold (generally 25%).  Finally, in response to the federal
district court s review of the  Two-Midnight  payment policy in    Shands
Jacksonville Medical Center, Inc., et al. v. Burwell, No. 14-263 (D.D.C.),    CMS
finalized its proposal to remove the 0.2% Medicare Part A hospital payment cut
and also its effects for FYs 2014, 2015, and 2016 though an approximate 0.8%
increase to FY 2017 payment rates.  Along with the final rule, CMS issued an
interim final rule with comment period to implement section 231 of the
Consolidated Appropriations Act (2016) that established a temporary exception
from the site neutral payment rate for certain severe wound care discharges
from certain LTCHs.    

On October 4, 2016, CMS
published a final rule that, for the first time in nearly 25 years, comprehensively
updates the SNF and LTCH requirements for participation under Medicare and
Medicaid.  Among other things, the final rule addresses requirements relating
to quality of care and quality of life, facility responsibilities and staffing
considerations, resident assessments, and compliance and ethics programs.  CMS
estimates that this rule would result in an estimated first-year cost of
approximately $62,900 per facility and $55,000 per facility in subsequent
years.   

HHS Office of Inspector
General Recommendations Addressing SNF Billing     

In the HHS, Office of
Inspector General s ( OIG s ) April 2016 Compendium of Unimplemented
Recommendations, OIG cited its prior September 2014 report addressing the need
to reform the Medicare payment system for SNF services.  In response to its findings
that Medicare payments for therapy greatly exceeded SNF s costs for therapy,
OIG recommended, among other things, that CMS evaluate the extent to which
Medicare payment rates for therapy should be reduced.  Similarly, in May 2016,
OIG issued a report finding that the improper payment rate for SNF claims
increased by 4.10% in FY 2015 (compared to FY 2014) due to insufficient
documentation.  If followed, these reports and recommendations may impact our
tenants and operators.    

Other Related Laws,
Initiatives, and Considerations      

Following a similar
report issued in October 2015, on October 6, 2016, the U.S. Government
Accountability Office ( GAO ) released a report recommending that CMS (1)
improve public stakeholders  ability to locate and use SNF expenditure data and
(2) ensure the accuracy and completeness of this data.  According to the GAO,
timely completion of these actions is particularly important because Medicare
payments to nursing homes will be dependent on quality data, through the
implementation of the value based purchasing program, starting in fiscal year
2019.  To the extent such recommendations are implemented, they could impact our
operators and tenants.   

On February 12, 2016, CMS
published a final rule regarding the obligations of Medicare providers to
report and return overpayments arising under Parts A and B.  The final rule,
which became effective March 14, 2016, implements   6402(a) of the Affordable
Care Act, also known as the  60-day report and return statute,  which requires
providers to report and return Medicare and Medicaid overpayments within the
later of (a) 60 days after the overpayment is  identified,  or (b) the date any
corresponding cost report is due, if applicable.  An overpayment impermissibly
retained under this statute could violate the federal False Claims Act and
subject providers to potential Medicare and Medicaid program exclusion and
penalties under the federal Civil Monetary Penalty statute.         

On March 9, 2016, CMS released
SNF utilization and payment data around facility costs and services.  In its
press release, CMS expressed concern that the amount of therapy provided for
ultra-high and very high resource utilization groups is often very close to the
minimum amount of minutes needed to qualify a patient for these categories. 
CMS referred the issue to Recovery Auditor       

51   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

Contractors
for further investigation.  On March 30, 2016, the DOJ launched 10 regional
Elder Justice Task Forces to coordinate and enhance efforts to pursue nursing
homes that provide grossly substandard care to their residents.  We cannot
predict the extent to which increased monitoring and auditing activities by
government agencies may impact our operators.   

On June 30, 2016, DOJ
issued an interim rule increasing the penalties under the False Claims Act
( FCA ) from the current range of $5,500 to $11,000 per false claim, to a new
range of $10,781 to $21,562.  The interim rule takes effect August 1, 2016, and
applies to false claims made after November 2, 2015.    

On September 6, 2016, CMS
published an interim rule increasing healthcare civil monetary penalties
( CMPs ) by as much as 150%.  The final rule, which also took effect on
September 6, 2016, implemented the Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment
Act Improvements Act of 2015, which not only adjusted the CMPs to meet current
inflation rates, but also requires annual adjustments moving forward.  Notably,
the CMP for improper billing by hospitals, critical access hospitals, or
skilled nursing homes, which was last updated in 1972, increased by 150% under
the interim rule, from a maximum penalty of $2,000 to $5,000 per violation.    

Many of our operators and
tenants are subject to federal and state privacy and security laws.  There have
been increased enforcement efforts under these laws, and we expect this trend
to continue.  Under the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical
Health Act ( HITECH ), state attorney generals have the right to prosecute
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( HIPAA ) violations
committed against residents of their states, and several such actions have been
brought to-date.  In addition, HITECH mandates that the Secretary of HHS
conduct periodic compliance audits of HIPAA covered entities and business
associates.  On March 21, 2016, the HHS Office of Civil Rights announced the
official start of the 2016 Phase 2 HIPAA Audit Program.  Enforcement actions
may stem from these audits, including civil monetary penalty fines or monetary
settlements, which may impact an operator s ability to meet their financial
obligations to us.     

United Kingdom     

Brexit     

On June 23, 2016, the
United Kingdom ( UK ) held an  in-or-out referendum  on the UK s membership of
the European Union ( EU ), the result of which favored the exit of the UK from
the EU ( Brexit ).  A process of negotiation will determine the future terms of
the UK s relationship with the EU which could take many forms. In the meantime,
the UK remains a member of the EU. The potential impact of Brexit is currently
unclear, but may include reduced economic growth and volatility, changes to the
regulatory environment and uncertainty in the capital markets.  We cannot
predict whether Brexit will have a material impact on our operators  or
tenants  property or business.   

National Minimum Wage     

In the July 2015 Budget
the UK government announced that it would introduce the National Living Wage at
a premium of 50 pence above the National Minimum Wage to take effect from April
2016.  The National Minimum Wage (Amendment) Regulations 2016 came into force
on April 1, 2016 ( 2016 Regulations ). The 2016 Regulations amend the Regulation
of the National Minimum Wage Regulations 2015 to provide a National Living Wage
rate of  7.20 an hour for workers aged 25 and over.  On October 1, 2016, the
National Minimum Wage for workers aged 21 to 24 was raised to  6.95 an hour. 
Starting in April 2017, both rates will change every April.  The 2016
Regulations also amend the National Minimum Wage Act 1998 by increasing the
financial penalty payable by employers who underpay the National Minimum Wage
from 100% to 200% of the underpayment due to each worker.  The maximum fine for
non-payment will be  20,000 per worker and employers who fail to pay will be
banned from being a company director for up to 15 years.     

Privacy     

In the EU, data
protection is governed by the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC (the  Data
Protection Directive ). The Data Protection Directive has been implemented in
the UK by the Data Protection Act 1998 (the  Act ) which entered into force on
March 2000 and is enforced by the Information Commissioner s Office ( ICO ).   

A new EU General Data
Protection Regulation will replace the Data Protection Directive and impose a
significant number of new obligations including, among others, a requirement to
appoint data protection officers, having detailed documentation on the
processing of personal data, carrying out privacy impact assessments in certain
circumstances, providing standardized data protection notices, reporting
security breaches without undue delay, and providing certain rights to
individuals such as a right of erasure of personal data.  The EU General Data
Protection Regulation is expected to have significant enforcement powers with
fines proposed by       

52   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

the European Commission of up to 4%
of annual worldwide turnover or  20 million, whichever is greater.  The EU
General Data Protection Regulation was adopted in May 2016 and will enter into
force in EU Member States on May 25, 2018.  It is unclear, as a result of
Brexit, whether the Regulation will become law in the UK.  If the EU General
Data Protection Regulation is adopted, we cannot predict whether it will have a
material impact on our operators  or tenants  property or business.   

Canada     

Licensing and Regulation     

British Columbia     

The Community Care and
Assisted Living Act, the Residential Care Regulation, and the Community Care
and Assisted Living Regulation (together, the  B.C. Act ) regulate  community
care facilities  (long-term care facilities) as premises used for the purpose
of supervising vulnerable persons who require three or more prescribed services
(from a list that includes regular assistance with activities of daily living;
distribution of medication; management of cash resources; monitoring of food
intake; structured behavior management and intervention; and psychosocial or
physical rehabilitative therapy) and  assisted living residences,  the
definition of which is anticipated to be soon changed to refer to facilities
providing any of a list of assisted living services.   

The B.C. Act also creates
a separate regime for regulating  assisted living residences,  the definition
of which changed in May 2016 to facilities providing one or more prescribed
care services.   

Quebec     

In Qu bec, retirement
homes are regulated by the Act Respecting Health Services and Social Services
and the Regulation required to obtain a certificate of compliance based on
operating standards for a private seniors  residence.  The required certificate
of compliance is issued for a period of four years, is renewable and can only
be validly transferred to another person with the written permission of the
regional licensing agency.   

Privacy     

Some
privacy regulators in Canada have order-making authority and others are
ombudspersons who make recommendations that may only be enforced by a court.
Under a number of privacy laws, a finding by a regulator that a custodian has
breached the law creates a right to apply to a court for money damages. 
In some provinces there is a statutory civil cause of action for breach of
privacy and personal liability for directors and officers. In other provinces,
the courts have recognized a limited common law cause of action for breach of
privacy.   

The
powers of privacy regulators and penalties for violations of privacy law vary
according to the applicable law or are left to the courts.  To date,
monetary penalties granted have been on the low side, although that is changing
with civil actions for breach of privacy and may change further as a result of
class action activity.  Regulators have the authority to make public the
identity of a custodian that has been found to have committed a breach, so that
there is a reputational risk associated with privacy law violations even where
no monetary damages are incurred. The notification of patients (mandatory under
some privacy laws) and other activities required to manage a privacy breach can
give rise to significant costs.   

Other Legislation     

In Quebec, the Safety
Code was amended in December 2015 to require that private seniors  residences
be equipped with a fire alarm and detection system, as well as the installation
of a sprinkler system in certain private seniors  residences. The amendments
came into force March 18, 2016, except regarding the installation of the
sprinkler system, which has a five year grace period, and comes into force
December 2, 2020.   

Critical Accounting Policies   

  Our unaudited consolidated
financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires
us to make estimates and assumptions.  Management considers an accounting
estimate or assumption critical if:  

the nature of the estimates or assumptions is material due to the
levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain
matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change; and  

the impact of the estimates and assumptions on financial condition
or operating performance is material.  

53   

Item 2.     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations     

Management
has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting policies
with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.  Management believes the
current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected
in our unaudited consolidated financial statements are appropriate and are not
reasonably likely to change in the future.  However, since these estimates
require assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was
made, they bear the risk of change.  If actual experience differs from the
assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts reflected in
our unaudited consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations,
liquidity and/or financial condition.  Please refer to Note 2 to the financial
statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015 for further information regarding significant accounting
policies that impact us.  There have been no material changes to these policies
in 2016.  

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    

       This Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q may contain  forward-looking  statements as defined in the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When the company uses words
such as  may,   will,   intend,   should,   believe,   expect,   anticipate, 
 project,   estimate  or similar expressions that do not relate solely to
historical matters, it is making forward-looking statements. In particular,
these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those
relating to the company s opportunities to acquire, develop or sell properties;
the company s ability to close its anticipated acquisitions, investments or
dispositions on currently anticipated terms, or within currently anticipated
timeframes; the expected performance of the company s operators/tenants and
properties; the company s expected occupancy rates; the company s ability to
declare and to make distributions to shareholders; the company s investment and
financing opportunities and plans; the company s continued qualification as a
real estate investment trust ( REIT  the company s ability to access capital
markets or other sources of funds; and the company s ability to meet its
earnings guidance. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause the company s
actual results to differ materially from the company s expectations discussed
in the forward-looking statements. This may be a result of various factors,
including, but not limited to: the status of the economy; the status of capital
markets, including availability and cost of capital; issues facing the health
care industry, including compliance with, and changes to, regulations and
payment policies, responding to government investigations and punitive
settlements and operators /tenants  difficulty in cost-effectively obtaining
and maintaining adequate liability and other insurance; changes in financing
terms; competition within the health care and seniors housing industries;
negative developments in the operating results or financial condition of operators/tenants,
including, but not limited to, their ability to pay rent and repay loans; the
company s ability to transition or sell properties with profitable results; the
failure to make new investments or acquisitions as and when anticipated; natural
disasters and other acts of God affecting the company s properties; the
company s ability to re-lease space at similar rates as vacancies occur; the
company s ability to timely reinvest sale proceeds at similar rates to assets
sold; operator/tenant or joint venture partner bankruptcies or insolvencies;
the cooperation of joint venture partners; government regulations affecting
Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates and operational requirements;
liability or contract claims by or against operators/tenants; unanticipated
difficulties and/or expenditures relating to future investments or
acquisitions; environmental laws affecting the company s properties; changes in
rules or practices governing the company s financial reporting; the movement of
U.S. and foreign currency exchange rates; the company s ability to maintain its
qualification as a REIT; and key management personnel recruitment and
retention.  Other important factors are identified in the company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, including factors
identified under the headings  Business,   Risk Factors  and  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
Finally, the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any
forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events
or otherwise, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from
those projected in any forward-looking statements.   

Item 3.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk     

        We are exposed to various
market risks, including the potential loss arising from adverse changes in
interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We seek to mitigate the     underlying
foreign currency exposures with gains and losses on derivative contracts
hedging these exposures.      We seek to mitigate the
effects of fluctuations in interest rates by matching the terms of new
investments with new long-term fixed rate borrowings to the extent possible. We
may or may not elect to use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest
rate exposure. These decisions are principally based on our policy to match our
variable rate investments with comparable borrowings, but are also based on the
general trend in interest rates at the applicable dates and our perception of
the future volatility of interest rates. This section is presented to provide a
discussion of the risks associated with potential fluctuations in interest
rates and foreign currency exchange rates.   

         We historically
borrow on our primary unsecured credit facility to acquire, construct or make
loans relating to health care and seniors housing properties. Then, as market
conditions dictate, we will issue equity or long-term fixed rate debt to repay
the borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility.  We are subject to
risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that existing
indebtedness may not be refinanced or that the terms of refinancing may not be
as favorable as the terms of current       

54   

indebtedness. The
majority of our borrowings were completed under indentures or contractual
agreements that limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur. Accordingly, in
the event that we are unable to raise additional equity or borrow money because
of these limitations, our ability to acquire additional properties may be
limited.   

         A change in
interest rates will not affect the interest expense associated with our fixed
rate debt. Interest rate changes, however, will affect the fair value of our
fixed rate debt. Changes in the interest rate environment upon maturity of this
fixed rate debt could have an effect on our future cash flows and earnings,
depending on whether the debt is replaced with other fixed rate debt, variable
rate debt or equity or repaid by the sale of assets. To illustrate the impact
of changes in the interest rate markets, we performed a sensitivity analysis on
our fixed rate debt instruments whereby we modeled the change in net present
values arising from a hypothetical 1% increase in interest rates to determine
the instruments  change in fair value. The following table summarizes the
analysis performed as of the dates indicated (in thousands):   

Our variable rate debt, including our primary
unsecured credit facility, is reflected at fair value. At September 30, 2016, we
had $2,824,420,000 outstanding under our variable rate debt. Assuming no
changes in outstanding balances, a 1% increase in interest rates would result
in increased annual interest expense of $28,244,000.  At December 31, 2015, we
had $2,236,733,000 outstanding under our variable rate debt.  Assuming no
changes in outstanding balances, a 1% increase in interest rates would have
resulted in increased annual interest expense of $22,367,000.   

We are subject
to currency fluctuations that may, from time to time, affect our financial
condition and results of operations. Increases or decreases in the value of the
Canadian Dollar or Pounds Sterling relative to the U.S. Dollar impact the
amount of net income we earn from our investments in Canada and the United Kingdom.
Based solely on our results for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
including the impact of existing hedging arrangements, if these exchange rates
were to increase or decrease by 10%, our net income from these investments
would increase or decrease, as applicable, by less than $1,200,000.  We will
continue to mitigate these underlying foreign currency exposures with non-U.S.
denominated borrowings and gains and losses on derivative contracts.  If we
increase our international presence through investments in, or acquisitions or
development of, seniors housing and health care properties outside the U.S., we
may also decide to transact additional business or borrow funds in currencies
other than U.S. Dollars, Canadian Dollars or Pounds Sterling. To illustrate the
impact of changes in foreign currency markets, we performed a sensitivity
analysis on our derivative portfolio whereby we modeled the change in net
present values arising from a hypothetical 1% increase in foreign currency
exchange rates to determine the instruments  change in fair value.  The
following table summarizes the results of the analysis performed (dollars in
thousands):   

For additional information regarding fair values
of financial instruments, see  Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Policies 
and Notes 11 and 16 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements.   

Item 4.     
Controls and Procedures     

        Our
management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the
end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that
evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in
providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us
in the reports we file with or submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. No changes in our internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred       

55   

during the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.           

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION            

    Item 1.       Legal Proceedings     

        From time to time, there
are various legal proceedings pending to which we are a party or to which some
of our properties are subject arising in the normal course of business. We do
not believe that the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will have a material
adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.   

    Item 1A.      Risk Factors     

        There
have been no material changes from the risk factors identified under the
heading  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015.   

Item 2.     
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     

Item 5.      Other
Information     

None.   

Item 6.      Exhibits    

  10.1            Employment
Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2016, by and between Welltower Inc. and
Mercedes T. Kerr*  

  12               Statement
Regarding Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Ratio of
Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends (Unaudited).  

  31.1            Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
Certification of Chief Executive Officer.  

  31.2            Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
Certification of Chief Financial Officer.  

  32.1            Certification
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by Chief Executive Officer.  

  32.2            Certification
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by Chief Financial Officer.  

  101.INS     XBRL
Instance Document**  

  101.SCH   XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Schema Document**  

  101.CAL   XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document**  

  101.LAB   XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document**  

  101.PRE    XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document**  

  101.DEF    XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document**  

*  
       
    **  

Management Contract or
  Compensatory Plan or Arrangement  
       
    Attached as
  Exhibit 101 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are the following
  materials, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language):
  (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and
  December 31, 2015, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
  Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) the
  Consolidated Statements of Equity for the nine months ended September 30,
  2016 and 2015, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
  nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and (v) the Notes to
  Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  

57   

SIGNATURES   

       Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized.  

WELLTOWER INC.   

Date:  November 2, 2016   

By:    

/s/   THOMAS J. DEROSA      

Thomas J. DeRosa,   

Chief Executive Officer  
     (Principal Executive
  Officer)   

Date:  November 2, 2016   

By:    

/s/   SCOTT A. ESTES      

Scott A. Estes,   

Executive Vice President and
  Chief Financial Officer  
     (Principal Financial
  Officer)   

Date:  November 2, 2016   

By:    

/s/ P  AUL D. NUNGESTER, JR.      

Paul D. Nungester,
  Jr.,   

Senior Vice President and
  Controller  
     (Principal Accounting
  Officer)   

58   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 Ex-10.1.htm
 EX-10.1

EXHIBIT 10.1   

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT    

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT   ,   effective
the 4 th    day of     October, 2016 (the
 Agreement ), is entered into by and between WELLTOWER INC., a Delaware
corporation (the  Corporation ), and MERCEDES T. KERR (the  Executive ).  

WHEREAS,
   the Corporation wishes to assure itself of the services
of the Executive for the period provided in this Agreement and the Executive is
willing to serve in the employ of the Corporation for such period upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.  

NOW
THEREFORE   , in consideration of the mutual covenants herein
contained, the parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:  

1.                  EMPLOYMENT     

The
Corporation hereby agrees to employ the Executive as Executive Vice President  
Business Development upon the terms and conditions herein contained, and the
Executive hereby agrees to accept such employment and to serve in such
position.  As Executive Vice President   Business Development, the Executive
will   (i) be
responsible for the origination of new investment relationships and the
development of existing investment relationships in the United States across
the full health care continuum and (ii) undertake such other
responsibilities as may be assigned to the Executive by the Corporation s Chief
Executive Officer (the  CEO ) from time to time.      In such capacity, the Executive shall report to the
Corporation s CEO and Board of Directors and shall have such powers and
responsibilities consistent with her position as may be assigned.  

Throughout
the term of this Agreement, the Executive shall devote her best efforts and all
of her business time and services to the business and affairs of the Corporation.  

2.                  TERM OF AGREEMENT    

The
current term of employment under this Agreement shall expire on January 31,
2018.  Upon the expiration of such term, the term of employment hereunder shall
automatically be extended without further action by the parties for successive
two (2) year renewal terms, unless either party shall give at least six (6)
months advance written notice to the other of her or its intention that this
Agreement shall terminate upon the expiration of the current term or the then
current renewal term, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a
Change in Corporate Control (as defined in Section 6 hereof) occurs during the
term of this Agreement, the term of employment hereunder shall automatically be
extended for twenty-four (24) months following the occurrence of the Change in
Corporate Control.   

The
Corporation shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately for any
reason, subject to the continuing obligations of the Corporation under this
Agreement.  

3.                  SALARY AND BONUS    

The
Executive shall receive a base salary during the term of this Agreement at a
rate of $484,500 per annum for 2016, and at a rate of not less than that amount
per annum for subsequent years, payable in substantially equal semi-monthly
installments.  The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors shall
consult with the CEO and review the Executive s base salary at annual
intervals, and may adjust the Executive s annual base salary from time to time
as the Committee deems to be appropriate.   

The
Executive shall also be eligible to receive an annual bonus from the
Corporation each year during the term of this Agreement, with the actual amount
of such bonus to be determined by the Compensation Committee of the
Corporation s Board of Directors, using such performance measures as the
Committee deems to be appropriate.  Such bonus, if any, shall be paid to the
Executive no later than sixty (60) days after the end of the year to which the
bonus relates.  

4.                  ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS    

The
Executive shall receive the following additional compensation and welfare and
fringe benefits during the term of the Agreement:  

(a)              Stock Options and
Other Long-Term Incentives   .  During the term of the Agreement, any stock
options, restricted stock or other awards granted under the 2016 Long-Term
Incentive Plan shall be at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the
Corporation s Board of Directors.  

(b)              Health
Insurance   .  The Corporation shall provide the Executive and her dependents
with health insurance, life insurance and disability coverage on terms no less
favorable than that from time to time made available to other key employees.  

(c)              Paid
Time Off   .  The Executive shall be entitled to paid time off ( PTO ) (based
on number of years of service) in accordance with the Corporation s PTO policy
during the term of this Agreement and any extensions thereof.  

(d)              Business
Expenses   .  The Corporation shall reimburse the Executive for all reasonable
expenses she incurs in promoting the Corporation s business, including expenses
for travel and similar items, upon presentation by the Executive from time to
time of an itemized account of such expenditures.  

In
addition to the benefits provided pursuant to the preceding paragraphs of this Section
4, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in such other executive
compensation and retirement plans of the Corporation as are applicable
generally to other officers, and in such welfare benefit plans, programs,
practices and policies of the Corporation as are generally applicable to other
key employees, unless such participation would duplicate, directly or
indirectly, benefits already accorded to the Executive.  

5.                  PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION    

(a)              Involuntary
Termination or Termination by Executive for Good Reason (as defined below)   . 
If the Executive s employment is involuntarily terminated by the Corporation or
terminated by the Executive for Good Reason during the term of this Agreement,
the Executive shall be entitled to the following:    

(i)                    
  base salary accrued through the date of termination;   

  (ii)                  
  any accrued but unpaid vacation pay through the date of
termination;   

  (iii)                 
  any bonuses earned but unpaid with respect to fiscal
years or other completed periods preceding the termination date;   

  (iv)                
  any nonforfeitable benefits payable to the Executive
under the terms of any deferred compensation, incentive or other benefit plans
maintained by the Corporation, payable in accordance with the terms of the
applicable plan;   

  (v)                  
  all stock options, restricted stock or other awards with
time-based vesting granted to the Executive under any deferred compensation,
incentive or other benefit plan maintained by the Corporation shall become
fully vested and earned and payable and, in the case of stock options,
exercisable in full and all stock options, restricted stock or other awards
with performance-based vesting granted to the Executive under any deferred
compensation, incentive or other benefit plan maintained by the Corporation
shall become vested to the extent provided in the applicable award agreements;  

  (vi)                
  continued coverage at the Corporation s expense under
any life, health and disability insurance programs maintained by the
Corporation in which the Executive participated at the time of her termination
for the remaining term of the Agreement (but not less than six (6) months and
not more than the period during which the Executive would be entitled to
continuation coverage under Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code, as
amended (the  Code ), if the Executive elected such coverage and paid the
applicable premiums), or until, if earlier, the date the Executive obtains
comparable coverage under benefit plans maintained by a new employer; and   

  (vii)               
  subject to the Executive signing a general release of
claims in favor of the Corporation and related persons and entities in a form
and manner satisfactorily to the Corporation (the  Release ), and the Release
becoming irrevocable within thirty (30) days after the date of termination, a
series of monthly severance payments for each month during the remaining term of this
Agreement, but not less than twelve (12) months (the  Severance Period ), each
in an amount equal to one-twelfth (1/12th) of the sum of (A) the Executive s
base salary, as in effect on the date of termination, and (B) the average of
the annual bonuses paid to the Executive for the prior three fiscal years
preceding the termination date, which shall be paid to the Executive beginning
with the first payroll date that begins thirty (30) days following the date of
termination in accordance with the Corporation s normal payroll practices,
except to the extent delayed payments are required by Section 16 below.  The
Executive shall be under no duty to mitigate the amounts owed to her under this
paragraph by seeking such a replacement position but all payments of severance
payments shall cease if the Executive violates the provisions of Section 10
hereof.   

All cash payments
required to be paid pursuant to this Section (other than severance payments)
shall be made to the Executive within sixty (60) days following the date of
such termination.  

For
purposes of this Agreement,  Good Reason  shall mean, without the Executive s
prior consent:  (1) the assignment of Executive to a position other than the
Executive Vice President   Business Development of the Corporation (other than
for Cause or by reason of permanent disability) or the assignment of duties
materially inconsistent with such position if either such change in assignment
constitutes a material diminution in the Executive s authority, duties or
responsibilities, or (2) the direction of Executive to report to anyone other
than   the
Corporation s CEO or Board of Directors   if
such change in reporting duties constitutes a material diminution in the
authority, duties or responsibilities of the supervisor to whom the Executive
is required to report;   provided, however, with respect to   clauses (1) or (2) above,   the Executive
must have notified the Corporation within the first ninety (90) days following
the initial date of such change in assignment or reporting duties that she
regarded such change in assignment or reporting duties as grounds justifying
resignation for Good Reason under this paragraph and the Corporation must have
failed to cure such change in assignment or reporting duties within ninety (90)
days following its receipt of such notice from the Executive; and provided
further, the Executive must have resigned under this paragraph within one (1)
year following the initial existence of a change in assignment or reporting
duties described herein.    

(b)              Disability   . 
The Corporation shall be entitled to terminate the Executive s employment if
the Board of Directors determines that the Executive has been unable to attend
to her duties for at least ninety (90) days because of a medically diagnosable
physical or mental condition, and has received a written opinion from a
physician acceptable to the Board of Directors that such condition prevents the
Executive from resuming full performance of her duties and is likely to
continue for an indefinite period.  Upon such termination, the Executive shall
be entitled to the following:    

  (i)                    
  base salary accrued through the date of termination;   

  (ii)                  
  any accrued but unpaid vacation pay through the date of
termination;   

  (iii)                 
  any bonuses earned but unpaid with respect to fiscal
years or other completed periods preceding the termination date;   

  (iv)                
  any nonforfeitable benefits payable to the Executive
under the terms of any deferred compensation, incentive or other benefit plans
maintained by the Corporation, payable in accordance with the terms of the
applicable plan; and  

  (v)                  
  all stock options, restricted stock or other awards with
time-based vesting granted to the Executive under any deferred compensation,
incentive or other benefit plan maintained by the Corporation shall become
fully vested and earned and payable and, in the case of stock options,
exercisable in full and all stock options, restricted stock or other awards
with performance-based vesting granted to the Executive under any deferred
compensation, incentive or other benefit plan maintained by the Corporation
shall become vested to the extent provided in the applicable award agreements.  

All
cash payments required to be paid pursuant to this Section shall be made to the
Executive within sixty (60) days following the date of such termination.    

(c)              Termination
for Cause   .  If the Executive s employment is terminated by the Corporation
for Cause, the Executive shall be entitled to the following:    

(i)                    
  base salary accrued through the date of termination;   

  (ii)                  
  any accrued but unpaid vacation pay through the date of
termination;   

  (iii)                 
  any bonuses earned but unpaid with respect to fiscal
years or other completed periods preceding the termination date; and  

  (iv)                
  any nonforfeitable benefits payable to the Executive
under the terms of any deferred compensation, incentive or other benefit plans
maintained by the Corporation, payable in accordance with the terms of the
applicable plan.    

All
cash payments required to be paid pursuant to this Section shall be made to the
Executive within sixty (60) days following the date of such termination.    

For
purposes of this Agreement,  Cause  shall mean:  (1) action by the Executive
involving willful disloyalty to the Corporation, such as embezzlement, fraud,
misappropriation of corporate assets or a breach of the covenants set forth in
Sections 9 and 10 herein; (2) the Executive being convicted of a felony; (3)
the Executive being convicted of any crime or offense that is not a felony but
was (x) committed in connection with the performance of her duties hereunder or
(y) involved moral turpitude; or (4) the intentional and willful failure by the
Executive to substantially perform her duties hereunder as directed by the
Corporation s CEO (other than any such failure      
    
     resulting
from the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental disability) after a
demand for substantial performance is made on the Executive by the Board of
Directors.    

(d)              Voluntary Termination or Resignation by the Executive   . 
If the Executive voluntarily terminates (but not by reason of expiration of the
term) or resigns her employment, the Executive shall be entitled to the
following:    

                  (i)            base
salary accrued through the date of termination;   

  (ii)                  
  any accrued but unpaid vacation pay through the date of
termination;   

  (iii)                 
  any bonuses earned but unpaid with respect to fiscal
years or other completed periods preceding the termination date; and   

  (iv)                
  any nonforfeitable benefits payable to the Executive
under the terms of any deferred compensation, incentive or other benefit plans
maintained by the Corporation, payable in accordance with the terms of the
applicable plan.    

All
cash payments required to be paid pursuant to this Section shall be made to the
Executive within sixty (60) days following the date of such termination.  

(e)              Termination
upon Expiration of the Term   .    If the
Executive s employment terminates as a result of the expiration of the term of
this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to the following:    

  (i)                    
  base salary accrued through the date of termination;   

  (ii)                  
  any accrued but unpaid vacation pay through the date of
termination;   

  (iii)                 
  any bonuses earned but unpaid with respect to fiscal
years or other completed periods preceding the termination date;   

  (iv)                
  any nonforfeitable benefits payable to the Executive
under the terms of any deferred compensation, incentive or other benefit plans
maintained by the Corporation, payable in accordance with the terms of the
applicable plan; and  

  (v)                  
  in the event the expiration of the term of this
Agreement is as a result of non-renewal of the Agreement by the Corporation,
all stock options, restricted stock or other awards with time-based vesting
granted to the Executive under any deferred compensation, incentive or other
benefit plan maintained by the Corporation shall become fully vested and earned
and payable and, in the case of stock options, exercisable in full and all
stock options, restricted stock or other awards with performance-based vesting
granted to the Executive under any deferred compensation, incentive or other
benefit plan maintained by the Corporation shall become vested to the extent
provided in the applicable award agreements.  

All
cash payments required to be paid pursuant to this Section shall be made to the
Executive within sixty (60) days following the date of such termination.    

6.                  CHANGE IN CORPORATE CONTROL    

(a)           In the
event of a Change in Corporate Control (as defined below), all stock options,
restricted stock or other awards with time-based vesting granted to the
Executive under any deferred compensation, incentive or other benefit plan
maintained by the Corporation shall become fully vested and earned and payable and,
in the case of stock options, exercisable in full and all stock options,
restricted stock or other awards with performance-based vesting granted to the
Executive under any deferred compensation, incentive or other benefit plan
maintained by the Corporation shall become vested to the extent provided in the
applicable award agreements.  

(b)          
at any time during the period of twenty-four (24) consecutive months following
the occurrence of a Change in Corporate Control (as defined below), and during
the term of this Agreement, the Executive is involuntarily terminated (other
than for Cause), or resigns her employment for Good Reason, the Executive shall
be entitled to the following:    

  (i)                    
  base salary accrued through the date of termination;   

  (ii)                  
  any accrued but unpaid vacation pay through the date of
termination;   

  (iii)                 
  any bonuses earned but unpaid with respect to fiscal
years or other completed periods preceding the termination date;   

  (iv)                
  any nonforfeitable benefits payable to the Executive
under the terms of any deferred compensation, incentive or other benefit plans
maintained by the Corporation, payable in accordance with the terms of the
applicable plan;   

(v)                  
  continued coverage at the Corporation s expense under
any life, health and disability insurance programs maintained by the
Corporation in which the Executive participated at the time of her termination
for the remaining term of the Agreement (but not less than six (6) months and
not more than the period during which the Executive would be entitled to
continuation coverage under Section 4980B of the   Code    if the Executive elected such coverage and paid the applicable
premiums), or until, if earlier, the date the Executive obtains comparable
coverage under benefit plans maintained by a new employer; and   

  (vi)                
  a
lump sum severance payment equal to the present value of a series of monthly
severance payments for twenty-four (24) months, each in an amount equal to
one-twelfth (1/12th) of the sum of (A) the Executive s base salary, as in
effect at the time of the Change in Corporate Control, and (B)   the average of the annual bonuses paid to the
Executive for the prior three fiscal years   of the Corporation ending
prior to the Change in Corporate Control.  Such present value shall be
calculated using a discount rate equal to the interest rate on 90-day Treasury
bills, as reported in the    Wall Street Journal    (or similar publication)
on the date of the Change in Corporate Control.    

All
cash payments required to be paid pursuant to this Section (other than
severance) shall be made to the Executive within sixty (60) days following the
date of such termination.  The lump sum severance payment described in the
preceding subsection (viii) shall also be paid within sixty (60) days, except
to the extent a delayed payment is required by Section 16 below. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing,  the severance payment under this Section shall
be payable on a monthly basis instead of a lump sum if the  Change in Corporate
Control  does not constitute a  change in control event  within the meaning of
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(g).  

(c)           For purposes of this Agreement, a  Change
in Corporate Control  shall mean:  

                  (i)            the
acquisition in one or more transactions of more than twenty percent (20%) of
the Corporation s outstanding common stock (or the equivalent in voting power
of any class or classes of securities of the Corporation entitled to vote in
elections of directors) by any corporation, or other person or group (within
the meaning of Section 14(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended),
except for acquisitions of the Corporation s outstanding common stock by (A)
the Corporation or an affiliate or subsidiary of the Corporation, (B) an
employee benefit plan   (or
any trust forming a part thereof) of the   Corporation,
or (C) an underwriter temporarily holding securities of the Corporation
pursuant to an offering of such securities;  

                  (ii)           stockholder
approval of a plan for the liquidation or sale of substantially all of the
assets of the Corporation;  

                  (iii)          the
consummation of any merger or consolidation involving the Corporation, unless
(A)   the
stockholders of the   Corporation  ,
immediately before such merger or consolidation, own, directly or indirectly,
immediately following such merger or consolidation, more than fifty percent
(50%) of the then outstanding shares of common stock   (or the equivalent in voting power of any class or classes of
securities of the corporation entitled to vote in elections of directors)   of
the corporation resulting from such merger or consolidation (the  Surviving
Company ) in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the   Corporation s outstanding common stock (or the
equivalent in voting power of any class or classes of securities of the
Corporation entitled to vote in elections of directors)   immediately
before such merger or consolidation, and (B) the persons who were Continuing
Directors (as defined below) immediately prior to the execution of the
agreement providing for such merger or consolidation constitute more than fifty
percent (50%) of the members of the Board of Directors of the Surviving
Company; or  

                  (iv)          during
any twenty-four (24) month period, individuals who, as of the beginning of such
period, constitute the Board of Directors (the  Continuing Directors ) cease
for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors. 
For this purpose, any person who is nominated for election as a member of the
Board of Directors after May 5, 2016 shall also be considered a  Continuing
Director  if, and only if, her or her nomination for election to the Board of
Directors is approved or recommended by a majority of the members of the Board
of Directors (or of the relevant Nominating Committee) and at least five (5)
members of the Board of Directors are themselves Continuing Directors at the
time of such nomination.    

(d)           Notwithstanding
anything else in this Agreement, if any payment, accelerated vesting or other
benefit provided by the Corporation to the Executive in connection with a
Change in Corporate Control, whether paid or payable pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement or otherwise (a  Parachute Payment ) is determined to be a
parachute payment subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code
or any other tax having the same effect (such excise tax or other tax, together
with any interest and penalties incurred by the Executive with respect to such
taxes, are collectively referred to herein as the  Excise Tax ), and if
reducing the amount of the payments would result in greater benefits to the
Executive (after taking into consideration the payment by the Executive of all
income and excise taxes that would be owing as a result of the Parachute
Payment), the payments will be reduced by the amount necessary to maximize the
benefits received by the Executive, determined on an after-tax basis.    

7.                  DEATH     

If
the Executive dies during the term of this Agreement, the Corporation shall pay
to the Executive s estate the following:  

  (i)                    
  base salary accrued through the date of death;   

  (ii)                  
  any accrued but unpaid vacation pay through the date of
death;   

  (iii)                 
  any bonuses earned but unpaid with respect to fiscal
years or other completed periods preceding the date of death;   

  (iv)                
  any nonforfeitable benefits payable to the Executive
under the terms of any deferred compensation, incentive or other benefit plans
maintained by the Corporation, payable in accordance with the terms of the
applicable plan; and  

  (v)                  
  all stock options, restricted stock or other awards with
time-based vesting granted to the Executive under any deferred compensation,
incentive or other benefit plan maintained by the Corporation shall become
fully vested and earned and payable and, in the case of stock options,
exercisable in full and all stock options, restricted stock or other awards with
performance-based vesting granted to the Executive under any deferred
compensation, incentive or other benefit plan maintained by the Corporation
shall become vested to the extent provided in the applicable award agreements.  

All
cash payments required to be paid pursuant to this Section shall be made to the
estate within sixty (60) days following the date of death.    

8.                  WITHHOLDING     

The
Corporation shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to withhold
and deduct from any payment hereunder any federal, state or local taxes of any
kind required by law to be withheld with respect to any such payment.  

9.                  PROTECTION OF CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION    

The
Executive agrees that she will keep all confidential and proprietary
information of the Corporation or relating to its business confidential, and
that she will not (except with the Corporation s prior written consent), while
in the employ of the Corporation or thereafter, disclose any such confidential
information to any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity,
other than in furtherance of her duties hereunder, and then only to those with
a  need to know.   The Executive shall not make use of any such confidential
information for her own purposes or for the benefit of any person, firm,
corporation, association or other entity (except the Corporation) under any
circumstances during or after the term of her employment.  The foregoing shall
not apply to any information which is already in the public domain, or is
generally disclosed by the Corporation or is otherwise in the public domain at
the time of disclosure.   

The
Executive recognizes that because her work for the Corporation may bring her
into contact with confidential and proprietary information of the Corporation,
the restrictions of this Section 9 are required for the reasonable protection
of the Corporation and its investments and for the Corporation s reliance on
and confidence in the Executive.  

10.               COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE    

The
Executive hereby agrees that she will not, either during the employment term or
during the period of one (1) year from the time the Executive s employment
under this Agreement ceases (for whatever reason other than after the
expiration of the term of this Agreement as a result of the Corporation
electing not to renew the term thereof), engage in any business activities on
behalf of any enterprise which competes with the Corporation in the business of
  (i)
ownership or operation of Health Care Facilities (defined below); ( ii)
investment in or lending to health care related enterprises (including, without
limitation, owners or developers of Health Care Facilities); (iii) management
of Health Care Facilities; or (iv) provision of any planning or development
services for Health Care Facilities.  Health Care Facilities  means any senior
housing facilities or facilities used or intended primarily for the delivery of
health care services, including, without limitation, any active adult
communities, independent living facilities, assisted living facilities, skilled
nursing facilities, inpatient rehabilitation facilities, ambulatory surgery
centers, medical office buildings, hospitals of any kind, or any similar types
of facilities or projects.    The Executive
will be deemed to be engaged in such competitive business activities if she
participates in such a business enterprise as an employee, officer, director,
consultant, agent, partner, proprietor, or other participant; provided that the
ownership of no more than two percent (2%) of the stock of a publicly traded
corporation engaged in a competitive business shall not be deemed to be
engaging in competitive business activities.  

The
Executive agrees that she shall not, for a period of one year from the time her
employment under this Agreement ceases (for whatever reason other than after
the expiration of the term of this Agreement as a result of the Corporation
electing not to renew      
    
     the term thereof), or, if later,
during any period in which she is receiving monthly severance payments under
Section 5 of this Agreement, solicit any employee or full-time consultant of
the Corporation for the purposes of hiring or retaining such employee or
consultant.    

11.               INJUNCTIVE RELIEF    

The
Executive acknowledges and agrees that it would be difficult to fully compensate
the Corporation for damages resulting from the breach or threatened breach of
the covenants set forth in Sections 9 and 10 of this Agreement and accordingly
agrees that the Corporation shall be entitled to temporary and injunctive
relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and
permanent injunctions, to enforce such provisions in any action or proceeding
instituted in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Ohio or in any court in the State of Ohio having subject matter jurisdiction. 
This provision with respect to injunctive relief shall not, however, diminish
the Corporation s right to claim and recover damages.  

It
is expressly understood and agreed that although the parties consider the
restrictions contained in this Agreement to be reasonable, if a court
determines that the time or territory or any other restriction contained in
this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction on the activities of the
Executive, no such provision of this Agreement shall be rendered void but shall
be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such
extent as such court may judicially determine or indicate to be reasonable.  

12.               NOTICES     

All
notices or communications hereunder shall be in writing and sent certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as
follows (or to such other address as such party may designate in writing from
time to time):  

If to the Corporation:   

Welltower Inc.  

                  4500 Dorr Street  

                  Toledo, OH 43615  

                                            Attention: 
Matthew McQueen, Senior Vice President   General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary  

If to the Executive:   

Mercedes T. Kerr  

                      4500 Dorr Street  

                  Toledo, OH 43615  

The actual date of
receipt, as shown by the receipt therefor, shall determine the time at which
notice was given.  

13.               SEPARABILITY     

If
any provision of this Agreement shall be declared to be invalid or
unenforceable, in whole or in part, such invalidity or unenforceability shall
not affect the remaining provisions hereof which shall remain in full force and
effect.  

14.               ASSIGNMENT     

This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs and
representatives of the Executive and the assigns and successors of the
Corporation, but neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder shall be
assignable or otherwise subject to hypothecation by the Executive.  

15.               ENTIRE
AGREEMENT    

This
Agreement represents the entire agreement of the parties and shall supersede
any and all previous contracts, arrangements or understandings between the
Corporation and the Executive.  The Agreement may be amended at any time by
mutual written agreement of the parties hereto.  

16.               SECTION
409A COMPLIANCE    

This Agreement is
intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and shall
be interpreted and construed consistently with such intent.  The payments to
the Executive pursuant to this Agreement are also intended to be exempt      
    
     from Section 409A of the Code to the maximum extent
possible, under either the separation pay exemption pursuant to Treasury
Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) or as short-term deferrals pursuant to
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4).  Each payment and benefit hereunder
shall constitute a  separately identified  amount within the meaning of
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2).  In the event the terms of this
Agreement would subject the Executive to taxes or penalties under Section 409A
of the Code ( 409A Penalties ), the Corporation and the Executive shall
cooperate diligently to amend the terms of the Agreement to avoid such 409A
Penalties, to the extent possible.  To the extent any amounts under this
Agreement are payable by reference to Executive s  termination,   termination
of employment,  or similar phrases, such term shall be deemed to refer to the
Executive s  separation from service  (as defined in Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any permissible alternative definition
thereunder) with the Corporation and all entities treated as a single employer
with the Corporation under Sections 414(b) and (c) of the Code but substituting
a 50% ownership level for the 80% ownership level set forth therein). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, if the Executive is a
 Specified Employee  (as defined Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i) on
December 31 st  of the prior calendar year), as of the date of the
Executive s separation from service, then to the extent any amount payable
under this Agreement (i) constitutes the payment of nonqualified deferred
compensation, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, (ii) is payable
upon the Executive s separation from service and (iii) under the terms of this
Agreement would be payable prior to the six-month anniversary of the
Executive s separation from service, such payment shall be delayed and paid to
the Executive, together with interest at an annual rate equal to the interest
rate specified by KeyBank for a six-month certificate of deposit, on the first
day of the first calendar month beginning at least six months following the
date of termination, or, if earlier, within ninety (90) days following the
Executive s death to the Executive s surviving spouse (or such other beneficiary
as the Executive may designate in writing).  Any reimbursement or advancement
payable to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall be conditioned on the
submission by the Executive of all expense reports reasonably required by the
Corporation under any applicable expense reimbursement policy, and shall be
paid to the Executive within thirty (30) days following receipt of such expense
reports, but in no event later than the last day of the calendar year following
the calendar year in which the Executive incurred the reimbursable expense. 
Any amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefit provided,
during a calendar year shall not affect the amount of expenses eligible for
reimbursement, or in-kind benefit to be provided, during any other calendar
year.  The right to any reimbursement or in-kind benefit pursuant to this
Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other
benefit.  

17.               GOVERNING LAW AND FORUM SELECTION    

This
Agreement shall be construed, interpreted, and governed in accordance with the
laws of the State of Ohio, other than the conflict of laws provisions of such
laws.  Both the Corporation and the Executive submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the state courts located in Lucas County, Ohio and to the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio as to all
actions and proceedings relating in any way to this Agreement and/or to the
Executive's relationship with the Corporation.    

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF   , the Corporation has caused this Agreement to be
duly executed, and the Executive has hereunto set her hand, as of the day and
year first above written.  

WELLTOWER
INC.   

By: 
   /s/ Matthew McQueen   ______________   

                                                                                                                  Name:        Matthew
McQueen  

  Title:           Senior Vice President   General    Counsel
and Corporate Secretary     

EXECUTIVE:   

/s/
Mercedes T. Kerr___________________   

                                                                                                                  Mercedes
T. Kerr  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-12>
 3
 Ex-12.htm
 EX-12

</EX-12>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 Ex-31.1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1   

   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

I,    Thomas J. DeRosa   , certify
that:  

1.  

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
  Welltower Inc.;  

2.  

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
  untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
  necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
  which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
  covered by this report;  

3.  

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
  other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
  material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
  flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.  

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
  responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
  procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
  Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
  caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
  supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
  including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
  those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
  prepared;  

(b)  

Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
  or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
  our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
  financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
  purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)  

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
  disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
  conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
  procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
  evaluation; and  

(d)  

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
  internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
  registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
  quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
  reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
  over financial reporting; and  

5.  

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
  disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
  financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
  the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
  functions):  

(a)  

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
  the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
  are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
  process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)  

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
  management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
  internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  November 2, 2016  

/s/   THOMAS J. DEROSA      

Thomas
  J. DeRosa,   

Chief
  Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 Ex-31.2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2   

   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   

I,    Scott A. Estes   , certify
that:  

1.  

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
  Welltower Inc.;  

2.  

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
  untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
  necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
  which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
  covered by this report;  

3.  

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
  other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
  material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
  flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.  

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
  responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
  procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
  Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
  caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
  supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
  including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
  those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
  prepared;  

(b)  

Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
  or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
  our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
  financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
  purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)  

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
  disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
  conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
  procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
  evaluation; and  

(d)  

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
  internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
  registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
  quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
  reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
  over financial reporting; and  

5.  

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
  disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
  financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
  the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
  functions):  

(a)  

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
  the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
  are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
  process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)  

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
  management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
  internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: 
November 2, 2016  

/s/   SCOTT A. ESTES      

Scott
  A. Estes,   

Chief
  Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 Ex-32.1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1   

   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

            I, Thomas
J. DeRosa, the Chief Executive Officer of Welltower Inc. (the  Company ),
certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18
U.S.C. Section 1350), that (i) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company.  

/s/   THOMAS J. DEROSA      

Thomas J. DeRosa,   

Chief Executive Officer  
     Date:  November 2, 2016  

A signed original of this written statement required by
Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 Ex-32.2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2   

   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

            I,
Scott A. Estes, the Chief Financial Officer of Welltower Inc. (the  Company ),
certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18
U.S.C. Section 1350), that (i) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company.  

/s/   SCOTT A. ESTES      

Scott A. Estes,   

Chief Financial Officer  
     Date:  November 2, 2016   

A signed original of this written statement required by
Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 hcn-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 hcn-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 hcn-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 hcn-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 hcn-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 hcn-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

