<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161208_10-Q_edgar_data_724571_0001615774-16-008795_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3403498</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>93643</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>211829</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>674166</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1582135</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>788875</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>18</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008795.hdr.sgml : 20161208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161208162302
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008795
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161029
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FREDS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000724571
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-VARIETY STORES [5331]
		IRS NUMBER:				620634010
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14565
		FILM NUMBER:		162041694

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 NEW GETWELL RD
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38118
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9013658880

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 NEW GETWELL ROAD
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38118

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BADDOUR INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19910620

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008795.txt : 20161208

10-Q
 1
 s104823_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended October
29, 2016. 

 OR 

For the transition period from ______ 
  to ______. 

Commission file number 001-14565 

FRED'S, INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

TENNESSEE  
      62-0634010   
 
     (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
     (I.R.S. Employer  
 
     Incorporation or Organization) 
     Identification Number)  

4300 New Getwell Road  

  Memphis, Tennessee 38118  

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(901) 365-8880  

  (Registrant's
telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No    . 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No    . 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer   x   

Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    
  No   x  .

The registrant had 37,419,740 shares of
Class A voting, no par value common stock outstanding as of December 2, 2016. 

FRED'S, INC.   

INDEX   

Page
    No.  

Part I - Financial Information   

Item 1 - Financial Statements:  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October
    29, 2016 (unaudited) and January 30, 2016  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for
    the Thirteen Weeks and Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended October 29, 2016 (unaudited) and October 31, 2015 (unaudited)  
     4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
    Loss for the Thirteen Weeks and Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended October 29, 2016 (unaudited) and October 31, 2015 (unaudited)  
     4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
    the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended October 29, 2016 (unaudited) and October 31, 2015 (unaudited)  
     5  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
    (unaudited)  
     6-16  

Item 2 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
    Condition and Results of Operations  
     17-22  

Item 3   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
    about Market Risk  
     23  

Item 4   Controls
    and Procedures   
      23   

Part II
    - Other Information    
      23-25   

Item
    1. Legal Proceedings   
     23  
 
       Item
    1A. Risk Factors   
     25  
 
      Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
    Use of Proceeds  
     25  
 
       Item
    6. Exhibits   
     25  

Signatures    
      26   

2  

Part I  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements  

FRED S, INC.   
 
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
 
      (in thousands, except for number of shares)   

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

3  

FRED S, INC.   
 
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
 
      (unaudited)   
 
      (in thousands, except per share amounts)   

FRED S, INC.   
 
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
 
      (unaudited)   
 
      (in thousands)   

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

4  

FRED S, INC.   
 
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
 
      (unaudited)   
 
      (in thousands)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

5  

FRED'S, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (unaudited)  

NOTE 1: BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

Fred's, Inc. and its subsidiaries ( Fred's ,
 We ,  Our ,  Us  or  Company ) operates, as of October 29, 2016, 648 discount
general merchandise stores and three specialty pharmacy-only locations, in fifteen states in the Southeastern United States. Included
in the count of discount general merchandise stores are 18 franchised locations. There are 370 full service pharmacy departments
located within our discount general merchandise stores, including four within franchised locations. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP )
for interim financial information and are presented in accordance with the requirements of Form 10-Q, and therefore, do not include
all information and notes necessary for a fair presentation of financial position, results of operations and cash flows in conformity
with GAAP. The accompanying financial statements reflect all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring accruals) which
are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of financial position in conformity with GAAP. The accompanying
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year
ended January 30, 2016 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on April 14, 2016. 

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified
to conform to the 2016 presentation. 

The results of operations for the thirteen
week and thirty-nine week periods ended October 29, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the
full fiscal year. 

All references in this Report to 2015
and 2016 refer to the fiscal years ended January 30, 2016 and ending January 28, 2017, respectively. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers.  This update will replace existing revenue recognition guidance in GAAP and requires an entity
to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers.
In July 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of the new standard to interim and annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted, but not before the original effective date for public business entities (interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016). ASU 2014-09 permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative
effect transition method. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new pronouncement on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02 ,   Leases.  This update will replace existing lease guidance in GAAP and will require lessees
to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for all leases and disclose key information about leasing
arrangements, such as information about variable lease payments and options to renew and terminate leases. When implemented, lessees
and lessors will be required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified
retrospective approach. The update is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new pronouncement on its consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 2: INVENTORIES 

Merchandise inventories are valued at
the lower of cost or market using the retail first-in, first-out (FIFO) inventory method for goods in our stores and the
cost FIFO inventory method for goods in our distribution centers. The retail inventory method is a reverse mark-up, averaging
method which has been widely used in the retail industry for many years. This method calculates a cost-to-retail ratio that is
applied to the retail value of inventory to determine the cost value of inventory and the resulting cost of goods sold and gross
margin. The assumptions that the retail inventory method provides for valuation at lower of cost or market and the inherent uncertainties
therein are discussed in the following paragraphs. In order to assure valuation at the lower of cost or market, the retail value
of our inventory is adjusted on a consistent basis to reflect current market conditions. These adjustments include increases to
the retail value of inventory for initial markups to set the selling price of goods or additional markups to adjust pricing for
inflation and decreases to the retail value of inventory for markdowns associated with promotional, seasonal or other declines
in the market value. Because these adjustments are made on a consistent basis and are based on current prevailing market conditions,
they approximate the carrying value of the inventory at net realizable value (market value). Therefore, after applying the cost
to retail ratio, the cost value of our inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market as is prescribed by GAAP. 

6  

Because the approximation of net realizable
value (market value) under the retail inventory method is based on estimates such as markups, markdowns and inventory losses (shrink),
there exists an inherent uncertainty in the final determination of inventory cost and gross margin. In order to mitigate that
uncertainty, the Company has a formal review process, conducted by product class which considers such variables as current market
trends, seasonality, weather patterns and age of merchandise to ensure that markdowns are taken currently, or a markdown reserve
is established to cover future anticipated markdowns on a particular product class. This review also considers current pricing
trends and inflation to ensure that markups are taken if necessary. The estimation of inventory losses (shrink) is a significant
element in approximating the carrying value of inventory at net realizable value, and as such the following paragraph describes
our estimation method as well as the steps we take to mitigate the risk of this estimate in the determination of the cost value
of inventory. 

The Company calculates inventory losses
(shrink) based on actual inventory losses occurring as a result of physical inventory counts during each fiscal period and
estimated inventory losses occurring between yearly physical inventory counts. The estimate for shrink occurring in the interim
period between physical counts is calculated on a store-specific basis and is based on history, as well as performance on the
most recent physical count. It is calculated by multiplying each store s shrink rate, which is based on the previously mentioned
factors, by the interim period s sales for each store. Additionally, the overall estimate for shrink is adjusted at the
corporate level to a three-year historical average to ensure that the overall shrink estimate is the most accurate approximation
of shrink based on the Company s overall history of shrink. The three-year historical estimate is calculated by dividing
the  book to physical  inventory adjustments for the trailing 36 months by the related sales for the same period.
In order to reduce the uncertainty inherent in the shrink calculation, the Company first performs the calculation at the lowest
practical level (by store) using the most current performance indicators. This ensures a more reliable number, as opposed to using
a higher level aggregation or percentage method. The second portion of the calculation ensures that the extreme negative or positive
performance of any particular store or group of stores does not skew the overall estimation of shrink. This portion of the calculation
removes additional uncertainty by eliminating short-term peaks and valleys that could otherwise cause the underlying carrying
cost of inventory to fluctuate unnecessarily. The methodology that we have applied in estimating shrink has resulted in variability
that is not material to our financial statements. 

Management believes that the Company s
retail inventory method provides an inventory valuation which reasonably approximates cost and results in carrying inventory at
the lower of cost or market. For pharmacy inventories, which were approximately $46.1 million and $49.9 million at October
29, 2016 and January 30, 2016, respectively, cost was determined using the retail last-in, first-out (LIFO) inventory method in
which inventory cost is maintained using the retail inventory method, then adjusted by application of the Producer Price Index
published by the U.S. Department of Labor for cumulative annual periods. The current cost of inventories exceeded LIFO cost by
approximately $50.7 million at October 29, 2016 and $47.5 million at January 30, 2016. 

The Company has historically included
an estimate of inbound freight and certain general and administrative costs in merchandise inventory as prescribed by GAAP. These
costs include activities surrounding the procurement and storage of merchandise inventory such as merchandise planning and buying,
warehousing, accounting, information technology and human resources, as well as inbound freight. The total amount of procurement
and storage costs and inbound freight, inclusive of the accelerated recognition of freight capitalization expense, included in
merchandise inventory at October 29, 2016 is $20.5 million, with the corresponding amount of $21.2 million at January 30, 2016. 

During 2016, the Company recorded impairment
charges for inventory clearance of product that management identified as low-productive and does not fit our go-forward convenient
and pharmacy  healthcare services model . The Company recorded a below-cost inventory adjustment
in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 330,  Inventory,  of approximately $13.0
million (including $1.6 million, for the accelerated recognition of freight capitalization expense) in cost of goods sold to value
inventory at the lower of cost or market on inventory identified as low-productive, which the Company will begin to liquidate
in the fourth quarter of 2016, in accordance with our strategic plan. At the end of 2015, there were $3.0 million (including $0.4
million, for the accelerated recognition of freight capitalization expense) of impairment charges recorded for inventory clearance
of product related to 2014 strategic initiatives. 

7  

The following table illustrates the inventory
impairment charges related to the inventory clearance initiatives discussed in the previous paragraph (in millions): 

NOTE 3: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

The Company accounts for its stock-based
compensation plans in accordance with FASB ASC 718  Compensation   Stock Compensation.  Under FASB ASC 718,
stock-based compensation expense is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, and therefore has been reduced for estimated
forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant based on the Company s historical forfeiture experience and
will be revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 

FASB ASC 718 also requires the benefits
of income tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost to be reported as a financing cash flow, rather than as an
operating cash flow as required prior to FASB ASC 718. A summary of the Company s stock-based compensation (a component
of selling, general and administrative expenses) and related income tax benefit is as follows: 

(in thousands) : 

8  

The fair value of each option granted
during the thirteen and thirty-nine week periods ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015 is estimated on the date of grant
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

The following is a summary of the methodology
applied to develop each assumption: 

Expected Volatility  - This is a
measure of the amount by which a price has fluctuated or is expected to fluctuate. The Company uses actual historical changes
in the market value of our stock to calculate expected price volatility because management believes that this is the best indicator
of future volatility. The Company calculates weekly market value changes from the date of grant over a past period representative
of the expected life of the options to determine volatility. An increase in the expected volatility will increase compensation
expense. 

Risk-free Interest Rate  - This
is the yield of a U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bond issue effective at the grant date with a remaining term equal to the expected
life of the option. An increase in the risk-free interest rate will increase compensation expense. 

Expected Lives  - This is the period
of time over which the options granted are expected to remain outstanding and is based on historical experience. Options granted
have a maximum term of seven and one-half years. An increase in the expected life will increase compensation expense. 

Dividend Yield    This is
based on the historical yield for a period equivalent to the expected life of the option. An increase in the dividend yield will
decrease compensation expense. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan  

The 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
(the  2004 Plan ), which was approved by Fred s shareholders, permits eligible employees to purchase shares
of our common stock through payroll deductions at the lower of 85% of the fair market value of the stock at the time of grant,
or 85% of the fair market value at the time of exercise. There were 47,660 shares issued during the thirty-nine weeks ended October
29, 2016. There are 1,410,928 shares approved to be issued under the 2004 Plan and as of October 29, 2016, there were 697,941
shares available. 

9  

Stock Options  

The following table summarizes stock option activity during
the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016: 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table
above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the difference between Fred s closing stock price on the last trading
day of the period ended October 29, 2016 and the exercise price of the option multiplied by the number of in-the-money options)
that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on that date. As of October
29, 2016, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense net of estimated forfeitures related to non-vested stock options
was approximately $3.3 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 4.4 years.
The total fair value of options vested during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 was $230.5 thousand. 

Restricted Stock  

The following table summarizes restricted stock activity during
the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016: 

The aggregate pre-tax intrinsic value
of restricted stock outstanding as of October 29, 2016 is $5.5 million with a weighted average remaining contractual life of 6.5
years. The unrecognized compensation expense net of estimated forfeitures, related to the outstanding stock is approximately $5.0
million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 5.3 years. The total fair value of
restricted stock awards that vested during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 was $723.4 thousand. 

NOTE 4   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

Fair value is defined as  the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date.  The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.
The hierarchy, as defined below, gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. 

Level
                                         1, defined as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                                         that the reporting entity can access at the measurement date.   

Level
                                         2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable
                                         for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.   

10  

Level
                                         3, defined as unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are based on an entity s
                                         own assumptions as there is little, if any, observable activity in identical assets or
                                         liabilities.   

Due to their short-term nature, the Company s
financial instruments, which include cash and cash equivalents, receivables and accounts payable, are presented on the condensed
consolidated balance sheets at a reasonable estimate of their fair value as of October 29, 2016 and January 30, 2016. There were
$63.0 million and $38.3 million of borrowings on the Company s revolving line of credit as of October 29, 2016 and January
30, 2016, respectively. Refer to Note 10   Indebtedness. The fair value of the revolving lines of credit and our mortgage
loans are estimated  using Level 2 inputs based on the Company's
current incremental borrowing rate for comparable borrowing arrangements . 

The table below details the fair value
and carrying values for the revolving line of credit, notes payable and mortgage loans as of the following dates: 

NOTE 5: PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

Property and equipment are carried at
cost. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of assets. Improvements to leased
premises are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the initial term of the lease or the useful life of
the improvement. Leasehold improvements added late in the lease term are amortized over the shorter of the remaining term of the
lease (including the upcoming renewal option, if the renewal is reasonably assured) or the useful life of the improvement. Assets
under capital leases are amortized in accordance with the Company s normal depreciation policy for owned assets or over
the lease term (regardless of renewal options), if shorter, and the charge to earnings is included in depreciation expense in
the consolidated financial statements. Gains or losses on the sale of assets are recorded as a component of selling, general and
administrative expenses. 

The following illustrates the breakdown
of the major categories within property and equipment (in thousands): 

NOTE 6: EXIT AND DISPOSAL ACTIVITIES 

Fixed Assets  

The Company s policy is to review
the carrying value of all long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of an asset may not be recoverable. We measure impairment losses of fixed assets and leasehold improvements  as
the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value as  prescribed by FASB ASC 360,  Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.  If a long-lived asset is found to be impaired, the amount recognized for impairment is
equal to the difference between the carrying value and the asset s fair value. The fair value is based on estimated market
values for similar assets or other reasonable estimates of fair market value based upon a discounted cash flow model. 

11  

In the third quarter, a decision was made
to close 40 underperforming stores, which included 19 underperforming pharmacies within those stores and 5 freestanding Xpress
pharmacies. As a result, the Company recorded charges in the amount of $1.9 million in selling, general and administrative expense
for the impairment of fixed assets associated with the closing stores and pharmacies and $2.3 million for the accelerated recognition
of amortization of intangible assets associated with the closing pharmacies. Additional impairment charges of $3.1 million were
recorded in the third quarter resulting from a decision to relocate the corporate headquarters. No charges were recorded in the
third quarter of 2015 related to planned store closures. 

In the first quarter of 2016, the Company
recorded an additional impairment charge of less than $0.1 million for fixed assets related to planned store closures. The Company
utilized the full amount of this charge in the second quarter of 2016. In 2015, the Company recorded an additional charge of $0.3
million for fixed assets and leasehold improvements related to the 2014 store closures and $0.5 million of impairment charges
for 2015 planned store closures. In the first nine months of 2016, the Company utilized $0.5 million of the impairment charges
related to the 2015 store closures and utilized $0.2 million related to the 2014 store closures, leaving $0.5 million of impairment
charges for fixed assets recorded pertaining to fiscal 2014 store closures as of October 29, 2016. 

Inventory  

As discussed in Note 2 - Inventories,
we adjust inventory values on a consistent basis to reflect current market conditions. In accordance with FASB ASC 330,  Inventories, 
we write down inventory to net realizable value in the period in which conditions giving rise to the write-downs are first recognized. 

In the fourth quarter of 2015, in association
with the planned closure of five identified stores that were not meeting the Company's operational performance targets, we recorded
a below-cost inventory adjustment of $0.7 million to value inventory at the lower of cost or market. These stores were closed
by the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2016 and the full amount of this charge was utilized in the second quarter of fiscal
2016. 

In the third quarter of 2016, we recorded
a below-cost inventory adjustment of approximately $3.2 million (including $1.3 million for the accelerated recognition of freight
capitalization expense) to value inventory at the lower of cost or market in 40 stores that are planned for closure in 2017. 

The following table illustrates the exit
and disposal reserves, related to the store closures, inventory strategic initiatives, and the corporate relocation discussed
in the previous paragraphs (in millions): 

NOTE 7: ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME 

Comprehensive income consists of two components,
net income and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) refers to gains and losses that are recorded
as an element of shareholders  equity but are excluded from net income pursuant to GAAP. The Company s accumulated
other comprehensive income includes the unrecognized prior service costs, transition obligations and actuarial gains/losses associated
with our post-retirement benefit plan. 

12  

The following table illustrates the activity in accumulated
other comprehensive income: 

NOTE 8: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Atlantic Retail Investors, LLC, which
is partially owned by Michael J. Hayes, a director of the Company, owns the land and buildings occupied by three Fred s
stores. Richard H. Sain, Senior Vice President of Retail Pharmacy Business Development, owns the land and building occupied by
one of Fred's Xpress Pharmacy locations. The terms and conditions regarding the leases on these locations were consistent in all
material respects with other stores  leases of the Company with unrelated landlords. The total rental payments made to related
party leases were $396.8 thousand and $394.4 thousand for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015,
respectively. The increase is due to partial period payments for Mr. Sain s Xpress pharmacy location in 2015, with acquisition
commencing on April 10, 2015. 

On April 10, 2015, the Company completed
the acquisition of Reeves-Sain Drug Store, Inc., a provider of retail and specialty pharmaceutical services.  As part of
the total consideration for the purchase, Fred s provided notes payable totaling $13.0 million to the sellers of Reeves-Sain
Drug Store, Inc., who became employees of Fred s as part of the acquisition.  The notes payable are due in three equal
installments to be paid on January 31 st  of 2021, 2022 and 2023 and are subordinate to the Company s revolving
line of credit.  See Note 11   Business Combinations for further discussion of the acquisition. 

NOTE 9: LEGAL CONTINGENCIES 

On August 10, 2015, following an investigation
by a third-party cyber-security firm, the Company reported that there had been unauthorized access to two Company servers through
which payment card data is routed. The investigation uncovered malware on the two servers beginning on March 23, 2015, and that
malware operated on one server until April 8, 2015 and on the other server until April 24, 2015.  The malware was designed
to search only for  track 2  data data from the magnetic stripe of payment cards that contains only the card number,
expiration date and verification code.  During this time period, track 2 data was at risk of disclosure; however, the third-party
cyber-security firm did not find evidence that track 2 data was removed from the Company s system.  No other customer
information was involved.  The malware has been removed from the Company s system, and the Company has implemented
and is continuing to implement enhanced security measures to prevent similar events from occurring in the future.  On October
22, 2015, the Company received an assessment from MasterCard relating to this incident in the amount of approximately $2.9 million. 
The Company paid the assessment on February 26, 2016 after its appeal was denied.  The Company has reached a settlement with
Discover to make certain security improvements, which if made, will not require the Company to make any payment to Discover related
to the incident.  The Company is in the process of making these security improvements.  American Express has also issued
an assessment related to the incident of $0.1 million.  The Company successfully settled American Express s claim for
less than $0.1 million. The Company has not yet received an assessment from Visa. The Company expects to incur future probable
losses in connection with the claims made by Visa. The range of these losses is estimated to be $0.1 million to $4.6 million.
In accordance with FASB ASC 450,  Contingencies,  the Company has recorded an accrual for the minimum amount in the
range of the estimable probable losses as no amount within the range was a better estimate than any other amount. It is reasonably
possible that future losses may exceed amounts currently accrued, and the Company will record any future losses at the time such
losses become probable. 

On October
15, 2015, a lawsuit entitled Southern Independent Bank v. Fred s, Inc. was filed in the United States District Court, Middle
District of Alabama related to the data security incident.  The complaint includes allegations made by the plaintiff on behalf
of itself and financial institutions similarly situated ( alleged class of financial institutions ) that the Company
was negligent in failing to use reasonable care in obtaining, retaining, securing and deleting the personal and financial information
of customers who use debit cards issued by the plaintiff and alleged class of financial institutions to make purchases at Fred s
stores.  The complaint also includes allegations that the Company made negligent misrepresentations that the Company possessed
and maintained adequate data security measures and systems that were sufficient to protect the personal and financial information
of shoppers using debit cards issued by the plaintiff and alleged class of financial institutions.  The complaint seeks monetary
damages and equitable relief to be proved at trial as well as attorneys  fees and costs.  The Company has denied the
allegations and has filed a motion to dismiss all claims. This motion has since been denied, and the Company has now filed a motion
to reconsider by certifying the question to the Alabama Supreme Court for clarity, which is still pending before the court. Future
costs or liabilities related to the incident may have a material adverse effect on the Company.  The Company  has not
made an accrual for future losses related to these claims at this time as the future losses are not considered probable. 
The Company has general liability policy with a $10 million limit and $350,000 deductible. The $350,000 deductible represents
the Company s estimate of potential exposure related to this matter.    

13  

On January
21, 2016, a lawsuit styled as Stephanie Bryant, on behalf of herself and others similarly situated v. Fred s Stores of Tennessee,
Inc. was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of Mississippi.  The complaint alleges that plaintiff
and other store managers were improperly classified as exempt employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act.  The complaint
seeks declaratory and monetary relief for overtime compensation that plaintiff alleges was not paid as well as costs and attorneys 
fees.  The Company denies the allegations and believes that its managers are appropriately classified as exempt employees.
The Company  has not made an accrual for future losses related to these claims as future losses are not considered probable .
The Company has an employment practices policy with a $10 million limit and $250,000 deductible. The $250,000 deductible represents
the Company s estimate of potential exposure related to this matter.   

On July 24,
2016, a lawsuit entitled First Tennessee Bank National Association v Fred s Inc. was filed in the Chancery Court of Shelby
County, Tennessee for the Thirtieth Judicial District in Memphis related to the data security incident. The complaint includes
allegations that the Company failed to comply with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards ( PCI DSS ), and
that the Company was then in breach of a duty owed to the plaintiff, as an alleged third-party beneficiary of the Company s
contract with Visa.  The complaint also alleges that the Company breached an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing
as well as a violation of the Tennessee Consumer Protection Act. Lastly, the complaint alleges that the Company acted negligently
and made negligent misrepresentations regarding PCI DSS. The plaintiff seeks declaratory and monetary relief for damages, including
reasonable attorney fees. The Company has denied all allegations and filed a motion to dismiss all claims, which is currently
pending before the court. Future costs and liabilities related to this case may have a material adverse effect on the Company.
The Company  has not made an accrual for future losses related to these claims at this time as the future losses are not
considered probable.  The Company has general liability policy with a $10 million limit and $350,000
deductible. The $350,000 deductible represents the Company s estimate of potential exposure related to this matter.  

On July 27,
2016, a lawsuit entitled The State of Mississippi vs. Fred s Inc., et al was filed in the Chancery Court of Desoto County,
Mississippi, Third Judicial District. The complaint alleges that the Company fraudulently reported their usual and customary prices
to Mississippi s Division of Medicaid in order to receive higher reimbursements for prescription drugs. The complaint seeks
declaratory and monetary relief for the profits alleged to have been unfairly earned as well as attorney costs. The Company denies
these allegations and believes it acted appropriately in its dealings with the Mississippi Division of Medicaid. As such, the
Company has filed a number of motions, including a motion for judgment on the pleadings, which is still pending before the court.
Future costs and liabilities related to this case may have a material adverse effect on the Company; however, the Company  has
not made an accrual for future probable losses related to these claims as future losses are not considered probable and an estimate
is unavailable .   The Company has multiple director and officer policies which will limit potential
exposure.    

In addition to the matters disclosed above,
the Company is party to several pending legal proceedings and claims arising in the normal course of business.  Although
the outcomes of these proceedings and claims against the Company cannot be determined with certainty, management of the Company
is of the opinion that these proceedings and claims should not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial
statements as a whole.  However, litigation involves an element of uncertainty.  Future developments could cause these
actions or claims, individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial statements
as a whole. The Company has not made an accrual for future losses related to these proceedings and claims as future losses are
not considered probable at this time and estimates are unavailable. 

NOTE 10: INDEBTEDNESS 

On April 9, 2015, the Company entered
an agreement with Regions Bank and Bank of America (the  Agreement ) to replace the January 25, 2013 Revolving Loan
and Credit Agreement that the Company had previously entered into with Regions Bank and Bank of America (the  Previous Agreement ).
The proceeds from the Agreement were used in part to refinance the Previous Agreement and to support acquisitions and the Company s
working capital needs. The Agreement provides for a $150.0 million secured revolving line of credit, which includes a sublimit
for letters of credit and swingline loans. The Agreement matures on April 9, 2020 and bears interest at 1.25% or 1.50% plus either
LIBOR or the LIBOR index rate, depending on our FIFO inventory balance. Commitment fees for the unused portion of the credit line
are 20.0 basis points. The Agreement also included an up-front credit facility fee which is amortized over the agreement term.
 There were $63.0 million of borrowings outstanding and $73.7 million, net of borrowings and letters
of credit, remaining available under the Agreement at October 29, 2016. The weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding
at October 29, 2016 was 1.81%.  

During the second and third quarter of
fiscal 2007, the Company acquired the land and buildings occupied by seven Fred's stores which we had previously leased. In consideration
for the seven properties, the Company assumed debt that has fixed interest rates from 6.31% to 7.40%. Mortgages remain on two
locations with a combined balance of $1.6 million outstanding at October 29, 2016. The weighted average interest rate on mortgages
outstanding at October 29, 2016 was 7.40%. The debt is collateralized by the land and buildings. 

14  

NOTE 11: BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 

On April 10, 2015, we acquired 100% of
the equity interest in Reeves-Sain Drug Store, Inc., a provider of retail and specialty pharmaceutical services. The acquisition
expanded our presence in the specialty pharmacy arena   the largest growth area of the pharmacy industry. The total consideration
for the purchase was approximately $66.0 million, less working capital adjustments of $10.3 million, which yielded an adjusted
purchase consideration of $55.8 million. The Company incurred $0.5 million of transaction costs in connection with the acquisition. 
The transaction expenses were expensed as incurred and were reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated
statement of operations for the year ended January 30, 2016. The adjusted consideration consisted of $42.8 million in cash at
the time of closing and $13.0 million in notes payable in three equal installments on January 31 st  of 2021, 2022
and 2023. The notes payable have an adjustment mechanism based upon an earn-out provision that could result in an increase to
the face value of the notes if certain financial metrics are achieved. No amounts have been reflected in the consolidated financial
statements for this provision. When it appears to be probable that the provision will be met, the expense will be treated as compensation
expense in that year. 

A summary of the purchase price allocation
for Reeves-Sain Drug Store, Inc. is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

15  

The following are the identifiable intangible
assets acquired and their respective weighted average useful lives, as determined based on valuations (dollars in thousands): 

The following unaudited supplemental pro
forma financial information includes the results of operations of the three Reeves-Sain Drug Store, Inc. locations in 2016 and
2015 and is presented as if the locations had been consolidated as of the beginning of the interim period of the earliest period
presented. The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information has been provided for illustrative purposes only and does
not purport to be indicative of the actual results that would have been achieved by the combined companies for the periods presented
or of the results that may be achieved by the combined companies in the future. The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial
information presented below has been prepared by adjusting the historical results of the Company to include the historical results
of the acquisition described above. The 2015 unaudited pro forma historical results were adjusted (i) to increase amortization
expense by $0.6 million resulting from the incremental intangible assets acquired and (ii) to increase interest expense by $0.2
million as a result of assumed debt financing for the transaction. The 2016 unaudited results were not adjusted as the three locations 
results were already included in our consolidated statement of operations. 

The unaudited pro forma financial information
does not include any adjustments to reflect the impact of cost savings or other synergies that may result from this acquisition. 

NOTE 12: INCOME TAXES 

The Company accounts for its income taxes
in accordance with FASB ASC 740  Income Taxes.  Pursuant to FASB ASC 740, the Company must consider all positive and
negative evidence regarding the realization of deferred tax assets including past operating results and future sources of taxable
income.  A cumulative loss in recent years is a significant piece of negative evidence when evaluating the need for a valuation
allowance.  Under the provisions of FASB ASC 740, the Company determined that a full valuation allowance is needed given
the cumulative loss in recent years.  

16  

Item 2:  

  Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial  

  Condition   and
Results of Operations  

GENERAL 

Executive Overview   

As of October 29, 2016, Fred's, Inc. and
its subsidiaries operate 648 stores and three specialty pharmacy-only locations in 15 states across the Southeastern United States,
including its 18 franchised Fred's stores. There are currently 370 full service pharmacy departments in our stores, which includes
four franchised pharmacies. Approximately 85 percent of our stores are located in rural markets with populations of 15,000 or
less, where Fred s is often the only, or one of the few pharmacies in the town or county. Our mission is to deliver value
and convenience to patients and customers in these hyper-local, underserved markets through tailored healthcare and consumer offerings. 

A Healthcare Company Serving Small-Town
America    

 We are the country s fourth-largest
drug store chain. Our customers are value-oriented, budget-conscious, and often live in rural areas without access to major hospitals
or superstores, making our healthcare and consumer offerings a significant value-add. 

Our model
is built on three key differentiators. The first is our pharmacy and healthcare offerings. We serve the Over-the-Counter, Pharmacy
and Health   Beauty space, which includes  prescriptions, immunization offerings, disease state management services,
specialty pharmacy services, and medication therapy management, among others. This  differentiates
us from dollar chain competitors who only offer discount merchandise. The second is our discount merchandise offerings, which
include a diverse array of value-priced staple and discretionary products including toys, pet accessories, hardware, appliances
and home furnishings, among others. This differentiates us from the drug channel. The third is our convenience offerings such
as food, candy, paper, chemicals, tobacco, and more, where our assortment and pricing strategy allows us to compete across industries.
In sum, we have carved out a niche as a healthcare-driven, one-stop-shop whose customized cross-sector offerings differentiate
us from competitors across industries.   

Punctuating these differentiators is our
management team. While most of these executives have only recently joined the Company, they have already implemented an improved
level of sophistication throughout the enterprise. Most have at least 30 years of experience in retail pharmacy including significant
integration experience related to healthcare acquisitions, the bedrock of our growth strategy. 

Our Vision    

 In December 2016, we announced a new multi-year
strategic plan designed to significantly drive growth and establish the organization as a leading healthcare company. The plan s
key priorities include profitable expansions in retail and specialty pharmacy both organically and through acquisitions, improved
logistics and supply chain operations, enhanced employee and customer engagement, robust infrastructure and systems support, and
store fleet optimization. This plan is complemented by our strong balance sheet and credit profile, which carries roughly $300
million in asset-backed-lending capacity to finance investments and facilitate our working capital needs. 

We continue to prioritize growing our
retail and specialty pharmacy businesses both organically and through acquisitions. Our 2015 acquisition of Reeves-Sain Drug Store
and, more specifically, its two private EntrustRx specialty pharmacy facilities, has advanced this strategic initiative. To complement
this, we ve also begun extensively remodeling our stores to better feature our pharmacies, an effort we allocated $2.8 million
toward during 2016 and upon which we will continue executing during 2017. We are also expanding into other services such as disease-focused
care, diabetes-focused offerings, compounding, and other health services. In specialty pharmacy, we are entering treatment areas
such as oncology, rheumatoid arthritis, multiple sclerosis, diabetes, and HIV treatment. We are also allocating time towards growing
our network by strengthening our specialty payor relationships. We have strengthened our local partnerships with health systems
and other influencers, which allows us to provide discounts to patients who need help paying for prescriptions and service patients
with cost-effective specialty therapies. Our growth in pharmacy is further supported by our purchase of patient prescription files,
which benefit our pharmacy from a sales and customer relationship perspective. 

To improve our supply chain, we have introduced
a Category Management Dashboard program that will significantly accelerate our data processing times, reduce manual labor hours
and better inform our strategies. Furthermore, our new vendor and supplier platforms have already identified potential savings
of $8 million, while also deepening key relationships. Additionally, we have streamlined our distribution process by moving our
fleet in-house, which generated savings of $3 million. We are moving all of our product categories to their own planograms, which
will improve inventory turn and strengthen margins. Our continued implementation of JDA and other sophisticated optimization initiatives
will improve profitability and increase expense savings. 

17  

Pertaining to human capital, we have placed
an additional emphasis on recruitment, training and retention, which has reduced employee turnover and attracted key talent at
the district and regional manager levels. We recently launched Category Management University, a core training program for buyers
and assistant buyers to build stronger foundational capabilities. These types of training programs will collectively maximize
employee productivity and improve retention levels. In addition, a well-trained employee base at the store level results in better
customer service and relations, enhancing the customer experience. 

To enhance our customer s experience,
we are implementing holistic, store-wide assessments of productivity and customer traffic in the coming quarters to identify key
customer priorities and tailor our offerings accordingly. To increase our customer touch-points and mobilize our value offerings,
we will be launching a fully integrated smartphone application in 2017. This will include Quick Fill, which allows customers to
efficiently refill prescriptions and obtain the medicine they need; Transfer Rx, which provides customers access to their health
information, including all scripts; Med Sync, a program designed to sync up refills on all medications via mobile; Interaction
Checker, an app that checks for interaction between any of a customer s prescribed medications; and Adjunctive Therapy Recommendations,
a program created to help patients determine suitable products to help with side effects from certain medications. The application
will also send targeted coupons and discount offerings to customers, which we expect will increase return trips. To complement
this, we are launching a new customer loyalty program in 2018, which we believe will help attract and retain customers. This will
also help us retain customers whose household income was impacted by industry headwinds such as reductions in SNAP benefits and
prescription pricing pressures. 

Finally, in an effort to optimize our
store portfolio, we will be closing 40 underperforming stores in 2017, with the majority of these closings occurring by the end
of the first quarter. These decisions are informed by our sophisticated analytics platform, which better assesses the attributes
that make a store profitable, and determines which stores can be salvaged versus which should be closed before they negatively
impact profits. Additionally, the analytics detail changes in local economic demographics, consumer habits and profiles that better
inform our strategy, and have also triggered major operational improvements within our stores. For example, our switch to a one-box
layout, where the pharmacy and front store are all in one area, has made our pharmacies more visible and enhanced traffic flows
between the front and back end of our stores, which improves our checkout process. This checkout process is also supported by
more tailored product assortments, which increases basket price. This process is part of our broader efforts to simplify our in-store
operating model, and has been implemented in 110 stores, with plans to upgrade an additional 350 stores in this manner by April
2017. 

Strategically, we will accelerate the
integration of pharmacy, clinical services, specialty pharmacy, access to other healthcare providers, and general merchandise
assortment, with the ultimate goal of being Small-Town America s primary healthcare and convenience source. Together, these
initiatives are the foundation for our long-term strategy to aggressively grow sales and expand margins. 

Third Quarter 2016 Summary   

Sales for the first nine months of 2016
were essentially flat to sales in the same period in the prior year, and we experienced a sales decrease of 4.5% or $24.4 million
compared to the third quarter of 2015. Our sales mix saw the highest increases in our pharmacy department, while our general merchandise
departments saw a more balanced mix of sales. We believe the implementation of new initiatives combined with the expansion of
existing initiatives will combat market challenges and restore positive comparable sales in future periods. 

Thus far in 2016, the Company has invested
$11.9 million in the expansion of our pharmacy departments, which was used to acquire three new and 18 incremental pharmacies.
In addition to these acquisitions, we opened one new cold start pharmacy in an existing store. Our pharmacy department is a key
differentiating factor from our competitors, and our specialty pharmacy business is licensed in all 50 states and URAC and ACHC
accredited, clearing the way for expanding this part of our pharmacy business.     

Gross margin for the third quarter of
2016 was 21.5% of net sales, a 4.8% decrease compared to the gross margin rate in the third quarter of 2015. Gross profit dollars
for the third quarter decreased to $111.2 million compared to $142.3 million during the third quarter of 2015, primarily as a
result of the impairment charges for various initiatives recorded in the third quarter of 2016 and a decline in year-over-year
sales. 

18  

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES  

The Company s discussion and analysis
of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The critical accounting
matters that are particularly important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations,
and require some of management s most difficult, subjective and complex judgments, are described in detail in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2016. The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements
requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses,
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including
those related to inventories, income taxes, insurance reserves, contingencies and litigation. The Company bases its estimates
on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Thirteen Weeks Ended October 29,
2016 and October 31, 2015   

Sales  

 Net sales for the third quarter of 2016
decreased to $516.6 million from $541.0 million in the same period in 2015, a year-over-year decrease of $24.4 million or 4.5%.
On a comparable store basis, sales decreased 3.8% compared to a 2.7% increase in the same period last year. 

General merchandise (non-pharmacy) sales
for the third quarter decreased 5.0% to $231.0 million from $243.1 million in the same period in 2015. This was driven by sales
decreases in general merchandise departments such as tobacco, food and beverage, paper and household chemicals partially offset
by an increase of sales in general merchandise departments such as prepaid products, as seen on tv and electronics. 

The Company s pharmacy department
sales were 53.8% of total sales in 2016 compared to 53.3% of total sales in the prior year and continue to rank as the largest
sales category within the Company. The total sales in this department decreased 3.6% from 2015, with third party prescription
sales representing approximately 93% of total pharmacy department sales in both years. The Company s pharmacy department
continues to benefit from an ongoing program of purchasing prescription files from independent pharmacies as well as the addition
of specialty pharmacy and pharmacy departments in existing store locations. Pharmacy sales were negatively impacted by generic
deflation, reimbursement pressures, increased penetration of 90-day prescriptions and an industry-wide slowdown in demand for
specialty Hepatitis C drugs in 2016. 

The Company had 18 franchised locations
at October 29, 2016 and 19 franchised locations at October 31, 2015. Sales to our franchised locations during 2016 were $6.5 million
(1.3% of sales) compared to $8.2 million (1.5% of sales) in the prior year. The Company does not intend to expand its franchise
network. 

The sales mix for the third quarter of
2016, unadjusted for deferred layaway sales, was 53.8% Pharmaceuticals, 24.9% Consumables, 20.0% Household Goods and Softlines
and 1.3% Franchise. The sales mix for the same period last year was 53.3% Pharmaceuticals, 27.0% Consumables, 18.2% Household
Goods and Softlines and 1.5% Franchise. 

For the third quarter of 2016, comparable
store customer traffic decreased 3.8% over the prior period, while the average customer ticket remained flat at $25.68. 

Gross Profit  

 Gross profit for the third quarter decreased
to $111.2 million in 2016 from $142.3 million in 2015, a decrease of $31.1 million or 21.8%. The gross profit decrease was largely
driven by impairment charges related to inventory that does not fit the Company s model moving forward, impairment charges
related to inventory at stores that will be closing, pharmacy reimbursement pressures and a decline is sales year over year. Gross
margin for the third quarter, measured as a percentage of net sales decreased 4.8% to 21.5% from 26.3% in 2015. Gross margin rate
was negatively impacted by inventory impairment charges recorded in the third quarter of 2016. 

19  

Selling, General and Administrative
Expenses  

 Selling, general and administrative expenses
for the third quarter, including depreciation and amortization, increased to $155.3 million in 2016 (30.0% of sales) from $139.9
million in 2015 (25.9% of sales). This 410 basis points deleverage was primarily caused by impairment charges on fixed assets
for stores and pharmacies that are closing and for the corporate headquarters relocation, labor increases resulting from investments
in talent, a decrease in sales volume in 2016, and a benefit in fiscal 2015 for the sale of prescription files. 

Operating Loss   

 Operating loss for the third quarter was
$44.1 million in 2016 (8.5% of sales) compared to an operating income of $2.4 million in 2015 (0.4% of sales). The change was
due to a $31.1 million decrease in gross profit mostly driven by inventory impairment charges and a $15.4 million increase in
selling, general and administrative expenses as detailed in the Selling, General and Administrative Expenses section above. 

Interest Expense, Net  

 Net interest expense for the third quarter
of 2016 totaled $0.6 million, or 0.1% of sales, compared to $0.4 million, or less than 0.1% in the same period of prior year. 

Income Taxes   

 The effective income tax rate for the
third quarter of 2016 was 14.0% compared to 30.2% in the third quarter of 2015. The rate change was primarily driven by a valuation
allowance of $11.0 million against the Company s deferred tax asset recorded in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. 

Net Loss  

 Net loss for the third quarter was $38.4
million ($1.05 loss per share) compared to net income of $1.4 million ($0.04 income per share) in 2015. The change in net loss
was primarily attributable to a $31.1 million decrease in gross profit mainly driven by inventory impairment charges. Further
contributing to the higher net loss was an increase of $15.4 million in selling, general and administrative expenses as detailed
in the Selling, General and Administrative Expenses section above. The increase in net loss was partially offset by an increase
to the income tax benefit of $6.8 million driven by a net loss in the current quarter. 

Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended October
29, 2016 and October 31, 2015   

Sales  

 Net sales for the first nine months of
2016 were flat at $1.596 billion versus the same period last year. On a comparable store basis, sales decreased 1.7% compared
to a 1.5% increase in the same period last year. 

General merchandise (non-pharmacy) sales
for the first nine months decreased 1.9% to $754.1 million from $768.7 million in 2015. This was driven by sales decreases in
general merchandise departments such as tobacco, food and beverage, paper and household chemicals partially offset by an increase
of sales in general merchandise departments such as prepaid products, toys and electronics. 

The Company s pharmacy department
sales for the first nine months were 51.3% of total sales in 2016 compared to 50.1% of total sales in the prior year and continue
to rank as the largest sales category within the Company. The total sales in this department increased 2.3% over 2015, with third
party prescription sales representing approximately 93% of total pharmacy department sales in both years. The Company s
pharmacy department continues to benefit from an ongoing program of purchasing prescription files from independent pharmacies
as well as the addition of specialty pharmacy and pharmacy departments in existing store locations. 

The Company had 18 franchised locations
at October 29, 2016 and 19 franchised locations at October 31, 2015. Sales to our franchised locations for the first nine months
of 2016 were $20.6 million (1.3% of sales) compared to $24.7 million (1.5% of sales) in the prior year. The Company does not intend
to expand its franchise network. 

The sales mix for the first nine months
of 2016, unadjusted for deferred layaway sales, was 51.3% Pharmaceuticals, 25.1% Consumables, 22.3% Household Goods and Softlines
and 1.3% Franchise. The sales mix for the same period last year was 50.1% Pharmaceuticals, 27.6% Consumables, 20.8% Household
Goods and Softlines and 1.5% Franchise. 

For the first nine months of 2016, comparable
store customer traffic decreased 3.0% over the prior period, while the average customer ticket increased 1.3% to $24.89. 

20  

Gross Profit  

Gross profit for the first nine months
decreased to $380.7 million in 2016 from $411.3 million in 2015, a decrease of $30.6 million or 7.4%. The gross profit decrease
was driven primarily by impairment charges related to inventory that does not fit the Company s model moving forward, impairment
charges related to inventory at stores that will be closing, pharmacy reimbursement pressures and the sales mix shift toward lower
margin specialty pharmacy sales. Gross margin for the first nine months, measured as a percentage of net sales, decreased to 23.9%
in 2016 from 25.8% in the same period last year. Gross margin rate deleveraging was driven by inventory impairment charges recorded
in the third quarter of 2016, our sales mix shift towards low margin specialty pharmaceuticals and continued reimbursement pressures
in pharmacy. 

Selling, General and Administrative
Expenses  

 Selling, general and administrative expenses
for the first nine months, including depreciation and amortization, increased to $433.2 million in 2016 (27.2% of sales) from
$416.6 million in 2015 (26.1% of sales). This 110 basis points deleveraging was primarily attributable to impairment charges on
fixed assets for stores and pharmacies that are closing and for the corporate headquarters relocation combined with a benefit
in fiscal 2015 for the sale of prescription files. 

Operating Loss   

 Operating loss for the first nine months
was $52.5 million in 2016 (3.3% of sales) compared to an operating loss of $5.3 million in 2015 (0.3% of sales). The change was
due to a $30.6 million decrease in gross profit driven primarily by inventory impairment charges and pharmacy reimbursement rate
pressures and a $16.6 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as detailed in the Selling, General and
Administrative Expenses section above. 

Interest Expense, Net  

 Net interest expense for the first nine
months of 2016 totaled $1.7 million or 0.1% of sales compared to $1.1 million or less than 0.1% in the same period of prior
year. 

Income Taxes   

 The effective income tax rate for the
first nine months of 2016 was 18.7% compared to 45.4% in the same period of 2015. The rate change was driven by a valuation allowance
of $11.0 million against the Company s deferred tax asset recorded in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. 

Net Loss  

 Net loss for the first nine months was
$44.1 million ($1.20 per share) in 2016 compared to a net loss of $3.5 million ($0.09 per share) in 2015. The change was due to
a $30.6 million decrease in gross profit driven primarily by inventory impairment charges and pharmacy reimbursement rate pressures
and a $16.6 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as detailed in the Selling, General and Administrative
Expenses section above. Partially offsetting the higher net loss was an increase to the income tax benefit of $7.3 million driven
by a higher operating loss. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

Due to the seasonality of our business,
inventories are generally lower at our fiscal year-end than at each quarter-end of the following year. 

Net cash provided by operating activities
totaled $12.2 million during the thirty-nine week period ended October 29, 2016 compared to $76.9 million provided by operating
activities in the same period of the prior year. Cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter of 2016 primarily
resulted from a recorded net loss which included the impacts of non-cash impairment charges on fixed assets and inventory as well
as the impact of a recorded valuation allowance against the Company s deferred tax asset. Cash was also provided by an increase
in accounts payable offset by an increase in inventory. 

Net cash used in investing activities
totaled $30.1 million during the thirty-nine week period ended October 29, 2016 and $67.6 million in the same period of the prior
year. Capital expenditures in the first nine months of 2016 totaled $20.3 million compared to $15.6 million in 2015. The capital
expenditures during 2016 consisted primarily of existing and remodeled store and pharmacy expenditures ($10.4 million), technology
($7.7 million) and supply chain and other expenditures ($2.2 million). Additionally, $11.9 million was invested related to the
acquisitions of pharmacies during 2016 as compared to $12.7 million in 2015. 

Net cash provided by financing activities
totaled $17.6 million during the thirty-nine week period ended October 29, 2016 and net cash used in financing activities was
$9.0 million in the same period of the prior year. The cash flows provided by financing activities in 2016 were driven by the
net draws on our line of credit, partially offset by cash dividend payments. 

The Company believes that sufficient capital
resources are available in both the short-term and long-term through currently available cash, amounts available under the revolving
line of credit and cash generated from future operations to sustain the Company s operations and to fund our strategic plans. 

21  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

Other than statements based on historical
facts, many of the matters discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relate to events which we expect or anticipate may
occur in the future. Such statements are defined as  forward-looking statements  under the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 (the  Reform Act ), 15 U.S.C. Sections 77z-2 and 78u-5. The Reform Act created a safe harbor to
protect companies from securities law liability in connection with forward-looking statements. We intend to qualify both our written
and oral forward-looking statements for protection under the Reform Act and any other similar safe harbor provisions. 

The words  outlook ,  guidance ,
 may ,  should ,  could ,  believe ,  anticipate ,  project ,
 plan ,  expect ,  estimate ,  objective ,  forecast ,  goal ,
 intend ,  will likely result , or  will continue  and similar expressions generally identify
forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and concern matters that involve risks and
other factors that may cause the actual performance of the Company to differ materially from the performance expressed or implied
by these statements. Therefore, forward-looking statements should be evaluated in the context of these uncertainties and risks,
including but not limited to: 

Economic
                                         and weather conditions which affect buying patterns of our customers and supply chain
                                         efficiency;    

Changes
                                         in consumer spending and our ability to anticipate buying patterns and implement appropriate
                                         inventory strategies;    

Continued
                                         availability of capital and financing;    

Competitive
                                         factors, and the ability to recruit and retain employees;    

Changes
                                         in the merchandise supply chain;   

Changes
                                         in pharmaceutical inventory costs;   

Changes
                                         in reimbursement practices for pharmaceuticals;    

Governmental
                                         regulation;    

Increases
                                         in insurance costs;    

Cyber
                                         security risks;    

Increases
                                         in fuel and utility rates;     

Potential
                                         adverse results in the litigation described under Legal Proceedings (see Note 9  
                                         Legal Contingencies); and    

Other
                                         factors affecting business beyond our control, including (but not limited to) those discussed
                                         under Part 1, Item 1A  Risk Factors  of the Company s Annual Report
                                         on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2016.    

Consequently, all forward-looking statements
are qualified by this cautionary statement. Readers should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We undertake
no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was
made. 

22  

Item 3.  

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE
ABOUT MARKET RISK  

The Company has no holdings
of derivative financial or commodity instruments as of October 29, 2016. The Company is exposed to financial market risks, including
changes in interest rates, primarily related to the effect of interest rate changes on borrowings outstanding under our revolving
line of credit. Borrowings under the Agreement bear interest at 1.25% or 1.50% plus either LIBOR or the LIBOR index rate depending
on our FIFO inventory balance. Our potential additional interest expense over one year that would result from a hypothetical and
unfavorable change of 100 basis points in short term interest rates would be in the range of $0.01 to $0.02 of earnings per share
assuming borrowings levels of $50.0 million to $100.0 million throughout 2016.  All of the Company s business is transacted
in U.S. dollars and, accordingly, foreign exchange rate fluctuations have never had a significant impact on the Company, and they
are not expected to in the foreseeable future. 

Item
4.  

CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES  

(a)  Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  .  As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out
an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of
the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Additionally,
they concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Company in the reports that the Company is required to file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures. 

(b)  Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting.  There have been no changes during the quarter ended October 29, 2016 in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER
INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

On August 10, 2015, following an investigation
by a third-party cyber-security firm, the Company reported that there had been unauthorized access to two Company servers through
which payment card data is routed. The investigation uncovered malware on the two servers beginning on March 23, 2015, and that
malware operated on one server until April 8, 2015 and on the other server until April 24, 2015.  The malware was designed
to search only for  track 2  data data from the magnetic stripe of payment cards that contains only the card number,
expiration date and verification code.  During this time period, track 2 data was at risk of disclosure; however, the third-party
cyber-security firm did not find evidence that track 2 data was removed from the Company s system.  No other customer
information was involved.  The malware has been removed from the Company s system, and the Company has implemented
and is continuing to implement enhanced security measures to prevent similar events from occurring in the future.  On October
22, 2015, the Company received an assessment from MasterCard relating to this incident in the amount of approximately $2.9 million. 
The Company paid the assessment on February 26, 2016 after its appeal was denied.  The Company has reached a settlement with
Discover to make certain security improvements, which if made, will not require the Company to make any payment to Discover related
to the incident.  The Company is in the process of making these security improvements.  American Express has also issued
an assessment related to the incident of $0.1 million.  The Company successfully settled American Express s claim for
less than $0.1 million. The Company has not yet received an assessment from Visa. The Company expects to incur future probable
losses in connection with the claims made by Visa. The range of these losses is estimated to be $0.1 million to $4.6 million.
In accordance with FASB ASC 450,  Contingencies,  the Company has recorded an accrual for the minimum amount in the
range of the estimable probable losses as no amount within the range was a better estimate than any other amount. It is reasonably
possible that future losses may exceed amounts currently accrued, and the Company will record any future losses at the time such
losses become probable. 

23  

On October
15, 2015, a lawsuit entitled Southern Independent Bank v. Fred s, Inc. was filed in the United States District Court, Middle
District of Alabama related to the data security incident.  The complaint includes allegations made by the plaintiff on behalf
of itself and financial institutions similarly situated ( alleged class of financial institutions ) that the Company
was negligent in failing to use reasonable care in obtaining, retaining, securing and deleting the personal and financial information
of customers who use debit cards issued by the plaintiff and alleged class of financial institutions to make purchases at Fred s
stores.  The complaint also includes allegations that the Company made negligent misrepresentations that the Company possessed
and maintained adequate data security measures and systems that were sufficient to protect the personal and financial information
of shoppers using debit cards issued by the plaintiff and alleged class of financial institutions.  The complaint seeks monetary
damages and equitable relief to be proved at trial as well as attorneys  fees and costs.  The Company has denied the
allegations and has filed a motion to dismiss all claims. This motion has since been denied, and the Company has now filed a motion
to reconsider by certifying the question to the Alabama Supreme Court for clarity, which is still pending before the court. Future
costs or liabilities related to the incident may have a material adverse effect on the Company.  The Company  has not
made an accrual for future losses related to these claims at this time as the future losses are not considered probable. 
The Company has general liability policy with a $10 million limit and $350,000 deductible. The $350,000 deductible represents
the Company s estimate of potential exposure related to this matter.    

On January
21, 2016, a lawsuit styled as Stephanie Bryant, on behalf of herself and others similarly situated v. Fred s Stores of Tennessee,
Inc. was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of Mississippi.  The complaint alleges that plaintiff
and other store managers were improperly classified as exempt employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act.  The complaint
seeks declaratory and monetary relief for overtime compensation that plaintiff alleges was not paid as well as costs and attorneys 
fees.  The Company denies the allegations and believes that its managers are appropriately classified as exempt employees.
The Company  has not made an accrual for future losses related to these claims as future losses are not considered probable .
The Company has an employment practices policy with a $10 million limit and $250,000 deductible. The $250,000 deductible represents
the Company s estimate of potential exposure related to this matter.   

On July 24,
2016, a lawsuit entitled First Tennessee Bank National Association v Fred s Inc. was filed in the Chancery Court of Shelby
County, Tennessee for the Thirtieth Judicial District in Memphis related to the data security incident. The complaint includes
allegations that the Company failed to comply with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards ( PCI DSS ), and
that the Company was then in breach of a duty owed to the plaintiff, as an alleged third-party beneficiary of the Company s
contract with Visa.  The complaint also alleges that the Company breached an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing
as well as a violation of the Tennessee Consumer Protection Act. Lastly, the complaint alleges that the Company acted negligently
and made negligent misrepresentations regarding PCI DSS. The plaintiff seeks declaratory and monetary relief for damages, including
reasonable attorney fees. The Company has denied all allegations and filed a motion to dismiss all claims, which is currently
pending before the court. Future costs and liabilities related to this case may have a material adverse effect on the Company.
The Company  has not made an accrual for future losses related to these claims at this time as the future losses are not
considered probable.  The Company has general liability policy with a $10 million limit and $350,000
deductible. The $350,000 deductible represents the Company s estimate of potential exposure related to this matter.  

On July 27,
2016, a lawsuit entitled The State of Mississippi vs. Fred s Inc., et al was filed in the Chancery Court of Desoto County,
Mississippi, Third Judicial District. The complaint alleges that the Company fraudulently reported their usual and customary prices
to Mississippi s Division of Medicaid in order to receive higher reimbursements for prescription drugs. The complaint seeks
declaratory and monetary relief for the profits alleged to have been unfairly earned as well as attorney costs. The Company denies
these allegations and believes it acted appropriately in its dealings with the Mississippi Division of Medicaid. As such, the
Company has filed a number of motions, including a motion for judgment on the pleadings, which is still pending before the court.
Future costs and liabilities related to this case may have a material adverse effect on the Company; however, the Company  has
not made an accrual for future probable losses related to these claims as future losses are not considered probable and an estimate
is unavailable .   The Company has multiple director and officer policies which will limit potential
exposure.    

In addition to the matters disclosed above,
the Company is party to several pending legal proceedings and claims arising in the normal course of business.  Although
the outcomes of these proceedings and claims against the Company cannot be determined with certainty, management of the Company
is of the opinion that these proceedings and claims should not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial
statements as a whole.  However, litigation involves an element of uncertainty.  Future developments could cause these
actions or claims, individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial statements
as a whole. The Company has not made an accrual for future losses related to these proceedings and claims as future losses are
not considered probable at this time and estimates are unavailable. 

24  

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

The risk factors listed in Part I,  Item
1A. Risk Factors  in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2016, should be considered with the information
provided elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which could materially adversely affect the business, financial condition
or results of operations.  There have been no material changes to the risk factors as previously disclosed in such Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 2. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

On August 27, 2007, the Board of
Directors approved a plan that authorized stock repurchases of up to 4.0 million shares of the Company s common stock.
Under the plan, the Company may repurchase its common stock in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions at
such times and at such prices as determined to be in the Company s best interest. On February 16, 2012, Fred's Board authorized
the expansion of the Company's existing stock repurchase program by increasing the authorization to repurchase an additional 3.6
million shares or approximately 10% of the current outstanding shares. These repurchases may be commenced or suspended without
prior notice depending on then-existing business or market conditions and other factors. No repurchases were made in the first
nine months of 2016, leaving 3.0 million shares available for repurchase at October 29, 2016. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

The exhibits listed in the accompanying
Exhibit Index are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of Item 6 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

25  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

FRED'S, INC.  

Date:
    December 8, 2016   
      /s/
    Michael K. Bloom   

Michael K. Bloom   

Chief Executive Officer  

Date: December 8, 2016  
     /s/ Rick J. Hans  

Rick J. Hans  

Executive Vice President and  

Chief Financial Officer  

26  

Exhibit Index   

Exhibit  
       
      Description   

31.1 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer  
 
     31.2 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer  
 
     32 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting and Financial Officer pursuant to rule 13a 14(b)
    under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (furnished)  
 
     101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  
 
     101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  
 
     101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  
 
     101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  
 
     101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  
 
     101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  

27  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104823_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-1

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 

I, Michael K. Bloom, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Fred's, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 8, 2016   
         
      /s/ Michael K. Bloom   

Michael K. Bloom   

Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104823_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-2

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Chief financial officer 

I, Rick J. Hans, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Fred's, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors:   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 8, 2016  
       
      /s/ Rick J. Hans   

Rick J. Hans   

Executive Vice President and 
         Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 s104823_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer AND Chief financial officer 
Pursuant to Rule 13( a)  or 15( d ) under the securities
exchange act Of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Each of the undersigned hereby certifies
that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 29, 2016 of Fred s, Inc. (the  Company )
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 8, 2016  
       
      /s/ Michael K. Bloom   

Michael K. Bloom   

Chief Executive Officer     

/s/ Rick J. Hans   

Rick J. Hans   

Executive Vice President and   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 fred-20161029.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fred-20161029.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 fred-20161029_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fred-20161029_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fred-20161029_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fred-20161029_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

