<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161212_10-Q_edgar_data_704562_0001683168-16-000914_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2778472</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>108594</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>197197</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>557105</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1138136</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>711178</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>53</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000914.hdr.sgml : 20161212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161212164751
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000914
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000704562
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				953698422
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32839
		FILM NUMBER:		162046754

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14282 FRANKLIN AVE
		CITY:			TUSTIN
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92780
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7145086000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14282 FRANKLIN AVE
		CITY:			TUSTIN
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92780

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TECHNICLONE CORP/DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970924

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TECHNICLONE INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000914.txt : 20161212

10-Q
 1
 peregrine_10q-103116.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

For the quarterly
period ended October 31, 2016 

OR 

For the transition period from _______________
to _______________ 

 Commission file number: 001-32839 

  PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

  (Exact name of Registrant as specified in
its charter)  

(714) 508-6000  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 Yes  x     No  o  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files). 

 Yes  x     No  o  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one) 

Large Accelerated Filer   o  
     Accelerated
Filer   x   

Non-Accelerated
Filer   o  
     Smaller reporting company   o   
 
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes  o     No  x  

As of December 8, 2016, there were 257,141,534 shares of common
stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

  Page  
 No.  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      1   
 
     Item 1. 
     Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
     1  
 
     Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition And Results of Operations. 
     18  
 
     Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
     24  
 
     Item 4. 
     Controls And Procedures. 
     25  
 
      PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
      25   
 
     Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings. 
     25  
 
     Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors. 
     25  
 
     Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
     27  
 
     Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
     27  
 
     Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures. 
     27  
 
     Item 5. 
     Other Information. 
     27  
 
     Item 6. 
     Exhibits. 
     27  
 
     SIGNATURES 
     28  

The terms  we,   us,   our, 
 the Company,  and  Peregrine,  as used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q refer to Peregrine Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Avid Bioservices, Inc.  

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item
1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS and comprehensive loss (UNAUDITED) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 ( unaudited ) 

1.       ORGANIZATION
AND BUSINESS 

We are a biopharmaceutical
company committed to improving the lives of patients by manufacturing pharmaceutical products through our wholly-owned subsidiary
Avid Bioservices, Inc. ( Avid ), a contract development and manufacturing organization ( CDMO ) and through
advancing and licensing our novel, development-stage immunotherapy products. 

2.       SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis
of Presentation    

The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
( U.S. GAAP ) and with the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
related to quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and disclosures required by
U.S. GAAP for a complete set of financial statements. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2016. The condensed consolidated balance sheet at April 30, 2016 has been derived
from audited financial statements at that date. The unaudited financial information for the interim periods presented herein reflects
all adjustments which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial condition and results
of operations for the periods presented, with such adjustments consisting only of normal recurring adjustments. Results of operations
for interim periods covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not necessarily be indicative of results of operations for
the full fiscal year or any other interim period. 

The unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Peregrine and Avid. All intercompany accounts and transactions among
the consolidated entities have been eliminated in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts, as well as disclosures of commitments and contingencies in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results
could differ materially from those estimates and assumptions. 

Liquidity and Financial Condition  

At October 31, 2016,
we had $49,055,000 in cash and cash equivalents. We have expended substantial funds on the research and development of our product
candidates, and funding the operations of Avid. As a result, we have historically experienced negative cash flows from operations
since our inception and we expect negative cash flows from operations to continue until at least the fiscal year ending April 30,
2018 before we believe we can generate sufficient revenue from Avid s contract manufacturing services to achieve profitability.
Therefore, unless and until we are able to generate sufficient revenue from Avid s contract manufacturing services or from
the sale or licensing of our product candidates under development, we expect such losses to continue through at least the fiscal
year ending April 30, 2018. 

Our ability to continue
to fund our operations is highly dependent on the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand combined with our ability to raise
additional capital to support our future operations through one or more methods, including but not limited to, (i) raising additional
capital in the equity markets, (ii) generating additional revenue from Avid, or (iii) licensing or partnering our product candidates
in development. 

Historically, we have
funded a significant portion of our operations through the issuance of equity. During the six months ended October 31, 2016, we
raised $5,966,000 in aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock and raised an additional $1,634,000
in aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of shares of our 10.5% Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the  Series E Preferred
Stock ) (Note 6). Subsequent to October 31, 2016 and through December 12, 2016, we raised an additional $1,670,000 in aggregate
gross proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock (Note 11). As of December 12, 2016, $105,345,000 remained available
to us under our two effective shelf registration statements, which allows us from time to time to offer and sell shares of our
common stock or Series E Preferred Stock, in one or more offerings, either individually or in combination. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 (unaudited) (continued) 

Our ability to raise
additional capital in the equity markets to fund our obligations in future periods is dependent on a number of factors, including,
but not limited to, the market demand for our common stock or Series E Preferred Stock. The market demand or liquidity of our
common stock and/or Series E Preferred Stock is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to,
negative economic conditions, adverse market conditions, adverse financial results, and negative research and development results.
Furthermore, our ability to raise additional capital in the equity markets has been significantly
impacted by the decline in the market price of our common stock following our announcement in February 2016 that we were discontinuing
the Phase III SUNRISE trial. As a result, we have experienced a substantial decline in the amount of additional capital that we
have been able to raise from the sale of shares of our common stock as compared to recent fiscal years. If the market price of
our common stock does not improve significantly, we may not be able to rely on the sale of shares of our common stock to fund
our operations to the extent we have in prior years. If we are unable to either (i) raise sufficient capital in the equity
markets, (ii) generate additional revenue from Avid, or (iii) license or partner our products in development, or any combination
thereof, we may need to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all our research and development efforts, or restructure our operations,
which may include delaying the planned expansion of our contract manufacturing business. In addition, even if we are able to raise
additional capital, it may not be at a price or on terms that are favorable to us. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

We consider all short-term
investments readily convertible to cash with an initial maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Restricted Cash  

Under the terms of
two separate operating leases related to our facilities, we are required to maintain, as collateral, letters of credit during the
terms of such leases. At October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, we had restricted cash of $600,000, in aggregate, under these letters
of credit. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk and Customer
Base  

Financial instruments
that potentially subject us to a significant concentration of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash
and trade receivables. We maintain our cash and restricted cash balances primarily with one major commercial bank and our deposits
held with the bank exceed the amount of government insurance limits provided on our deposits. We are exposed to credit risk in
the event of default by the major commercial bank holding our cash and restricted cash balances to the extent of the cash and restricted
cash amounts recorded on the accompanying interim unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

Our trade receivables
from amounts billed for contract manufacturing services provided by Avid have historically been derived from a small customer base.
Most contracts require up-front payments and installment payments during the service period. We perform periodic evaluations of
the financial condition of our customers and generally do not require collateral, but we can terminate any contract if a material
default occurs. At October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, over 98% of our trade receivables  were due from four customers. 

In addition, contract
manufacturing revenue generated by Avid has historically been derived from a small customer base (Note 9). These customers typically
do not enter into long-term contracts because their need for drug supply depends on a variety of factors, including the drug s
stage of development, their financial resources, and, with respect to commercial drugs, demand for the drug in the market. Our
future results of operations could be adversely affected if revenue from any one of our primary customers is significantly reduced
or eliminated. 

Revenue Recognition 

We currently
derive revenue from our contract manufacturing services provided by Avid. We recognize revenue in accordance with the
authoritative guidance for revenue recognition when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists, (ii) delivery (or passage of title) has occurred or services have been rendered, (iii) the seller s
price to the buyer is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. We also comply with the
authoritative guidance for revenue recognition regarding arrangements with multiple elements. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 (unaudited) (continued) 

Revenue arrangements
with multiple elements are divided into separate units of accounting if certain criteria are met, including whether the delivered
element has stand-alone value to the customer or licensing partner. When deliverables are separable, consideration received is
allocated among the separate units based on their respective fair values, and the applicable revenue recognition criteria are applied
to each of the separate units, which may require the use of significant judgement. Deliverables are considered separate units of
accounting if (1) the delivered item(s) has value to the customer on a stand-alone basis and (2) the arrangement includes a general
right of return relative to the delivered item(s), delivery or performance of the undelivered item(s) is considered probable and
substantially in our control. 

Arrangement consideration
is allocated at the inception of the agreement to all identified units of accounting based on their relative selling price. The
relative selling price for each deliverable is determined using vendor specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) of selling
price or third-party evidence of selling price if VSOE does not exist. If neither VSOE nor third-party evidence of selling price
exists, we use our best estimate of the selling price for the deliverable. The amount of allocable arrangement consideration is
limited to amounts that are fixed or determinable. The consideration received is allocated among the separate units of accounting,
and the applicable revenue recognition criteria are applied to each of the separate units. Changes in the allocation of the sales
price between delivered and undelivered elements can impact revenue recognition but do not change the total revenue recognized
under any agreement. 

Contract Manufacturing
Revenue   

Revenue associated
with contract manufacturing services provided by Avid is recognized when all four of the aforementioned revenue recognition criteria
have been met. For arrangements that include multiple elements, we follow the authoritative guidance for revenue recognition regarding
arrangements with multiple deliverables, as described above. 

On
occasion, we receive requests from customers to hold product manufactured by Avid on a  bill-and-hold  basis. Revenue
is recognized for such  bill-and-hold  arrangements in accordance with the authoritative guidance, which requires,
among other things, the existence of a valid business purpose for the arrangement; the  bill-and-hold  arrangement
is at the request of the customer; title and risk of ownership must pass to the customer; the product is complete and ready for
shipment; a fixed  delivery date that is reasonable and consistent with
the customer s business practices; the product has been separated from our inventory; and no further performance obligations
by us exist.  

In addition, we also
follow the authoritative guidance when reporting revenue as gross when we act as a principal versus reporting revenue as net when
we act as an agent. For transactions in which we act as a principal, have discretion to choose suppliers, bear credit and inventory
risk and perform a substantive part of the services, revenue is recorded at the gross amount billed to a customer and costs associated
with these reimbursements are reflected as a component of cost of sales for contract manufacturing services. 

Any amounts received
prior to satisfying our revenue recognition criteria are recorded as deferred revenue or customer deposits in the accompanying
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. We also record a provision for estimated contract losses, if any, in the
period in which they are determined. 

Impairment  

Long-lived assets are
reviewed for impairment in accordance with authoritative guidance for impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. Long-lived assets
are reviewed for events or changes in circumstances, which indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Long-lived
assets are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. For the six months ended October 31, 2016
and 2015, there was no impairment of the value of our long-lived assets. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 (unaudited) (continued) 

Fair Value Measurements   

Fair value is defined
as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. The guidance prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value into the following hierarchy: 

Level 1   Observable inputs, such as unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities.   

Level 2   Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as assets
or liabilities whose values are based on quoted market prices in markets where trading occurs infrequently or whose values are
based on quoted prices of instruments with similar attributes in active markets.   

Level 3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and significant
to the overall fair value measurement of the assets or liabilities; therefore, requiring the company to develop its own valuation
techniques and assumptions.   

As of October 31, 2016
and April 30, 2016, we do not have any Level 2 or Level 3 financial assets or liabilities and our cash equivalents, which are primarily
invested in money market funds with one major commercial bank, are carried at fair value based on quoted market prices for identical
securities (Level 1 input). 

Customer Deposits  

Customer deposits primarily
represent advance billings and/or payments received from Avid s third-party customers prior to the initiation of contract
manufacturing services. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development
expenses primarily include (i) payroll and related costs, including share-based compensation associated with research and development
personnel, (ii) costs related to clinical trials and preclinical testing of our technologies under development, (iii) costs to
develop and manufacture the product candidates, including raw materials and supplies, product testing, depreciation, and facility
related expenses, (iv) expenses for research services provided by universities and contract laboratories, including sponsored research
funding, and (v) other research and development expenses. Research and development expenses are charged to expense as incurred
when these expenditures relate to our research and development efforts and have no alternative future uses. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 (unaudited) (continued) 

Clinical trial costs
are a significant component of our research and development expenses. We have a history of contracting with third parties that
perform various clinical trial activities on our behalf in the ongoing development of our product candidates. The financial terms
of these contracts are subject to negotiations and may vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flow. Expenses
related to clinical trials are accrued based on our estimates and/or representations from third parties (including clinical research
organizations) regarding services performed. If the contracted amounts are modified (for instance, as a result of changes in the
clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), we modify our accruals accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions
in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become reasonably
certain. There were no material adjustments for a change in estimate to research and development expenses in the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Under certain research
and development agreements, we are obligated to make certain advance payments, including nonrefundable amounts, for goods or services
that will be used or rendered for future research and development activities and are deferred and capitalized as prepaid research
and development expenses. These advance payments are recognized as an expense in the period the related goods are delivered or
the related services are performed. We assess our prepaid research and development expenses for impairment when events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the prepaid expense may not be recoverable or provide future economic benefit. 

In addition, under
certain in-licensing agreements associated with the research and development of our product candidates, we are obligated to pay
certain milestone payments based on potential clinical development and regulatory milestones. These milestone payments have no
alternative future uses (in other research and development projects or otherwise) and therefore have no separate economic values
and are expensed as research and development costs at the time the costs are incurred. We have no in-licensed product candidates
that have alternative future uses in research and development projects or otherwise. 

Share-based Compensation  

We account for stock
options and other share-based awards granted under our equity compensation plans in accordance with the authoritative guidance
for share-based compensation. The estimated fair value of share-based payments to employees in exchange for services is measured
at the grant date, using a fair value based method, such as a Black-Scholes option valuation model, and is recognized as expense
on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods. The fair value of modifications to share-based awards, if any, is
generally estimated using a Black-Scholes option valuation model, unless a lattice model is required. Share-based compensation
expense recognized during the period is based on the value of the portion of the share-based payment that is ultimately expected
to vest during the period. As of October 31, 2016, there were no outstanding share-based awards with market or performance conditions. 

Periodically, we grant
stock options and other share-based awards to non-employee consultants, which we account for in accordance with the authoritative
guidance for share-based compensation. The cost of non-employee services received in exchange for share-based awards are measured
based on either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the share-based award issued, whichever is more
reliably measurable. In addition, guidance requires share-based compensation related to unvested options and awards issued to non-employees
to be recalculated at the end of each reporting period based upon the fair market value on that date until the share-based award
has vested, and any cumulative catch-up adjustment to share-based compensation resulting from the re-measurement is recognized
in the current period (Note 7). 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 (unaudited) (continued) 

Basic and Dilutive Net Loss Per Common
Share 

Basic net loss per
common share is computed by dividing our net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period excluding the dilutive effects of stock options, shares of common stock expected
to be issued under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  ESPP ), warrants, and Series E Preferred Stock outstanding
during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing our net loss attributable to common stockholders by
the sum of the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period plus the potential dilutive effects
of stock options, shares of common stock expected to be issued under our ESPP, warrants, and Series E Preferred Stock outstanding
during the period. Net loss attributable to common stockholders represents our net loss plus Series E Preferred Stock accumulated
dividends. Series E Preferred Stock accumulated dividends include dividends declared for the period (regardless of whether or not
the dividends have been paid) and dividends accumulated for the period (regardless of whether or not the dividends have been declared). 

The potential dilutive
effect of stock options, shares of common stock expected to be issued under our ESPP, and warrants outstanding during the period
are calculated in accordance with the treasury stock method, but are excluded if their effect is anti-dilutive. The potential dilutive
effect of Series E Preferred Stock outstanding during the period was calculated using the if-converted method assuming the conversion
of Series E Preferred Stock as of the earliest period reported or at the date of issuance, if later, but are excluded if their
effect is anti-dilutive. However, because the impact of stock options, shares of common stock expected to be issued under our ESPP,
warrants, and Series E Preferred Stock are anti-dilutive during periods of net loss, there was no difference between basic and
diluted loss per common share amounts for the three and six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015. 

The calculation of
weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the three and six-month periods ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 excludes the dilutive
effect of the following weighted average outstanding stock options and shares of common stock expected to be issued under our ESPP
as their impact are anti-dilutive during periods of net loss, resulting in an anti-dilutive effect: 

The calculation of
weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the three and six-month periods ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 also excludes the
following weighted average outstanding stock options, warrants, and Series E Preferred Stock (assuming the if-converted method),
as their exercise prices or conversion price were greater than the average market price of our common stock during the respective
periods, resulting in an anti-dilutive effect: 

Subsequent to October 31, 2016 and through December 12, 2016, we sold an aggregate of 5,376,255 shares
of our common stock (Note 11), which are not included in the calculation of basic and dilutive net loss per common share for the
three and six months ended October 31, 2016. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 (unaudited) (continued) 

Pending Adoption of
Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which amends the guidance in former ASC 605,  Revenue
Recognition , which provides a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts
with customers and will supersede most current revenue recognition guidance. ASU No. 2014-09 is based on the principle that revenue
is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires additional disclosure about the nature,
amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes
in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU No. 2014-09 is effective for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period, and entities can transition
to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. In August 2015, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date , which defers
the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 by one year, but permits entities to adopt one year earlier if they choose (i.e., the original
effective date). As such, ASU No. 2014-09 will be effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2017, which
will be our fiscal year 2019 beginning May 1, 2018. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of ASU
No. 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, including what transition method will be elected. 

In August 2014, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):  Disclosure of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . ASU No. 2014-15 is intended to define management s responsibility
to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide
related footnote disclosures. Substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern exists when relevant
conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations
as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). ASU No.
2014-15 provides guidance to an organization s management, with principles and definitions that are intended to reduce diversity
in the timing and content of disclosures that are commonly provided by organizations in the financial statement footnotes. ASU
No. 2014-15 is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, which will be our fiscal year ending April
30, 2017, and to annual and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. We have not yet determined the effect that the adoption of this guidance will have on the disclosures
included in our consolidated financial statements as our analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern will be
performed in conjunction with the preparation of our 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending April 30, 2017.  

In July 2015, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330):  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory .  ASU 2015-11 requires
that for entities that measure inventory using the first-in, first-out method, inventory should be measured at the lower of cost
and net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable value as the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business,
less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2016, which will be our fiscal year 2018 beginning May 1, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.
The amendments should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
period. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of ASU No. 2015-11 on our consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

In November 2015, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740):  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . Under existing standards,
deferred taxes for each tax-paying jurisdiction are presented as a net current asset or liability and net long-term asset or liability.
To simplify presentation, the new guidance will require that all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with related valuation
allowances, be classified as long-term on the balance sheet. As a result, each tax-paying jurisdiction will now only have one net
long-term deferred tax asset or liability. The new guidance does not change the existing requirement that prohibits offsetting
deferred tax liabilities from one jurisdiction against deferred tax assets of another jurisdiction. ASU No. 2015-17 is effective
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, which will be our fiscal year 2018
beginning May 1, 2017. We do not expect the adoption of ASU No. 2015-17 to have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 (unaudited) (continued) 

In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842). ASU No. 2016-2 requires an entity to recognize right-of-use assets and
lease liabilities on its balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. ASU No. 2016-02 offers specific
accounting guidance for a lessee, a lessor and sale and leaseback transactions. Lessees and lessors are required to disclose qualitative
and quantitative information about leasing arrangements to enable a user of the financial statements to assess the amount, timing
and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. ASU No. 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
years, beginning after December 15, 2018, which will be our fiscal year 2020 beginning May 1, 2019. Early adoption is permitted.
We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718). ASU No. 2016-09 changes certain aspects of accounting for
share-based payments to employees and involves several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including
the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash
flows. Specifically, ASU No. 2016-09 requires that all income tax effects of share-based awards be recognized as income tax expense
or benefit in the reporting period in which they occur. Additionally, ASU No. 2016-09 amends existing guidance to allow forfeitures
of share-based awards to be recognized as they occur. Previous guidance required that share-based compensation expense include
an estimate of forfeitures. ASU No. 2016-09 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
which will be our fiscal year 2018 beginning May 1, 2017.  Early adoption is permitted.  We are currently evaluating
the impact the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In November 2016,
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230):  Restricted Cash , which addresses diversity in
practice related to the classification and presentation of changes in restricted cash on the statement of cash
flows. ASU No. 2016-18 will require that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash,
cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. Therefore, amounts
generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents when
reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. ASU No. 2016-18 is
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, which will be our
fiscal year 2019 beginning May 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of
ASU No. 2016-18 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

3.       Trade
and other RECEIVABLEs 

Trade receivables are
recorded at the invoiced amount net of an allowance for doubtful accounts, if necessary. Other receivables are reported at amounts
expected to be collected net of an allowance for doubtful accounts, if necessary. Trade and other receivables consist of the following: 

______________ 

 (1)               
 Represents amounts billed for contract manufacturing services provided by Avid. 

We continually monitor
our allowance for doubtful accounts for all receivables. We apply judgment in assessing the ultimate realization of our receivables
and we estimate an allowance for doubtful accounts based on various factors, such as, the aging of accounts receivable balances,
historical experience, and the financial condition of our customers. Based on our analysis of our receivables as of October 31,
2016 and April 30, 2016, we determined that no allowance for doubtful accounts was necessary with respect to our trade and other
receivables. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 (unaudited) (continued) 

4.       PROPERTY
AND EQUIPMENT 

Property and equipment
is recorded at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the related asset, generally ranging from three to ten years. Amortization of leasehold
improvements is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining
lease term. 

Property and equipment,
net, consists of the following: 

Depreciation and amortization
expense for the three and six months ended October 31, 2016 was $606,000 and $1,219,000, respectively. Depreciation and amortization
expense for the three and six months ended October 31, 2015 was $223,000 and $457,000, respectively. 

5.       INVENTORIES 

Inventories are recorded
at the lower of cost or market (net realizable value) and primarily include raw materials, direct labor and overhead costs (work-in-process)
associated with our wholly-owned subsidiary, Avid. Cost is determined by the first-in, first-out method. Inventories consist of
the following: 

6.       STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Sales of Common Stock and Preferred Stock 

Our ability to continue
to fund our operations is highly dependent on the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand combined with our ability to raise
additional capital to support our future operations through one or more methods, including but not limited to, issuing additional
equity. 

Sale of Common Stock  

During the six months
ended October 31, 2016, we issued shares of our common stock under the following agreements: 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 (unaudited) (continued) 

AMI Sales Agreement 
- On August 7, 2015, we entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement ( AMI Sales Agreement ) with MLV   Co.
LLC ( MLV ), pursuant to which we may sell shares of our common stock through MLV, as agent, for aggregate gross proceeds
of up to $30,000,000, in registered transactions from our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-201245), which
was declared effective by the SEC on January 15, 2015 ( January 2015 Shelf ). Sales of our common stock through MLV
may be made by any method that is deemed an  at the market offering  as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act.
We pay MLV a commission equal to 2.5% of the gross proceeds from the sale of our common stock pursuant to the AMI Sales Agreement.
During the six months ended October 31, 2016, we sold 8,309,357 shares of our common stock at market prices under the AMI Sales
Agreement, for aggregate gross proceeds of $3,450,000 before deducting commissions and other issuance costs of $108,000. As of
October 31, 2016, aggregate gross proceeds of up to $19,103,000 remained available to us under the AMI Sales Agreement. 

Equity Distribution
Agreement  - On August 7, 2015, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement, with Noble International Investments, Inc.,
doing business as Noble Life Science Partners, a division of Noble Financial Capital Markets ( Noble ), pursuant to
which we may sell shares of our common stock through Noble, as agent, for aggregate gross proceeds of up to $20,000,000, in registered
transactions from our January 2015 Shelf. Sales of our common stock through Noble may be made by any method that is deemed an  at
the market offering  as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act. We pay Noble a commission equal to 2.5% of the gross proceeds
from the sale of our common stock pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement. During the six months ended October 31, 2016,
we sold 5,637,404 shares of our common stock at market prices under the Equity Distribution Agreement for aggregate gross proceeds
of $2,516,000 before deducting commissions and other issuance costs of $77,000. As of October 31, 2016, aggregate gross proceeds
of up to $10,515,000 remained available to us under the Equity Distribution Agreement. 

Sale of Series E
Preferred Stock   

Series E AMI Sales
Agreement  - On June 13, 2014, we entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement ( Series E AMI Sales Agreement )
with MLV, pursuant to which we may issue and sell shares of our Series E Preferred Stock through MLV, as agent, for aggregate
gross proceeds of up to $30,000,000, in registered transactions from our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-193113),
which was declared effective by the SEC on January 16, 2014. Sales of our Series E Preferred Stock through MLV may be made by
any method that is deemed an  at the market offering  as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act. We pay MLV a commission
of up to 5% of the gross proceeds from the sale of our Series E Preferred Stock pursuant to the Series E AMI Sales Agreement.
During the six months ended October 31, 2016, we sold 70,320 shares of our Series E Preferred Stock at market prices under the
Series E AMI Sales Agreement for aggregate gross proceeds of $1,634,000 before deducting commissions and other issuance costs
of $57,000. As of October 31, 2016, aggregate gross proceeds of up to $9,101,000 remained available under the Series E AMI Sales
Agreement. 

Series
E Preferred Stock Dividends   

The following table
summarizes the Series E Preferred Stock dividend activity for the six months ended October 31, 2016: 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 (unaudited) (continued) 

Shares of Common
Stock Authorized and Reserved for Future Issuance  

We are authorized to
issue up to 500,000,000 shares of our common stock. As of October 31, 2016, 251,765,279 shares of our common stock were issued
and outstanding. In addition, our common stock outstanding as of October 31, 2016 excluded the following shares of our common stock
reserved for future issuance: 

39,525,245 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under outstanding option grants and available
for issuance under our stock incentive plans;   

10,520,626 shares of common stock reserved for and available for issuance under our Employee Stock
Purchase Plan;   

273,280 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants; and   

_____________ 

(1)   The Series E Preferred Stock is convertible into a number of shares of our common stock determined
by dividing the liquidation preference of $25.00 per share by the conversion price, currently $3.00 per share. If all outstanding
Series E Preferred Stock were converted at the $3.00 per share conversion price, the holders of Series E Preferred Stock would
receive an aggregate of 13,731,333 shares of our common stock. However, we have reserved the maximum number of shares of our common
stock that could be issued upon a change of control event assuming our shares of common stock are acquired for consideration of
$0.855 per share or less. In this scenario, each outstanding share of Series E Preferred Stock could be converted into 29 shares
of our common stock, representing the Share Cap.   

7.       equity
compensation plans 

Stock Incentive Plans 

As of October 31, 2016,
we had an aggregate of 39,525,245 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our stock incentive plans, of which 29,674,529
shares were subject to outstanding options and 9,850,716 shares were available for future grants of share-based awards. 

The following summarizes
our stock option transaction activity for the six months ended October 31, 2016: 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

We have reserved a
total of 15,000,000 shares of our common stock to be purchased under our ESPP, of which 10,520,626 shares remained available to
purchase at October 31, 2016. The ESPP allows eligible employees on a voluntary basis to purchase shares of our common stock directly
from us. Under the ESPP, we sell shares to participants at a price equal to the lesser of 85% of the fair market value of our common
stock at the (i) beginning of a six-month offering period, or (ii) end of the six-month offering period. The ESPP provides for
two six-month offering periods each year; the first offering period begins on the first trading day on or after each November 1;
the second offering period begins on the first trading day on or after each May 1. During the six months ended October 31, 2016,
888,033 shares of our common stock were purchased under the ESPP at a purchase price of $0.29 per share. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 (unaudited) (continued) 

Share-Based Compensation 

Total share-based compensation
expense related to share-based awards issued under our equity compensation plans is included in the accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated statements of operations as follows: 

As of October 31, 2016,
the total estimated unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested employee stock options was $3,844,000. This cost is expected
to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of 1.68 years based on current assumptions. 

8.       WARRANTS 

No warrants were issued
or exercised during the three and six months ended October 31, 2016. As of October 31, 2016, warrants to purchase 273,280 shares
of our common stock at an exercise price of $2.47 were outstanding and are exercisable through August 30, 2018. 

9.       SEGMENT
REPORTING 

Our business is organized
into two reportable operating segments and both operate in the U.S. Peregrine is engaged in the research and development of monoclonal
antibodies for the treatment of cancer. Avid is engaged in providing contract manufacturing services for third-party customers
on a fee-for-service basis while also supporting our internal drug development efforts. 

The accounting policies
of the operating segments are the same as those described in Note 2. We evaluate the performance of our contract manufacturing
services segment based on gross profit or loss from third-party customers. However, our products in the research and development
segment are not evaluated based on gross profit or loss, but rather based on scientific progress of the technologies. As such,
gross profit or loss is only provided for our contract manufacturing services segment in the below table. All revenues shown below
are derived from transactions with third-party customers. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 (unaudited) (continued) 

Segment information is summarized as follows: 

Revenue generated from
our contract manufacturing services segment was derived from a limited number of customers. The percentages below represent revenue
derived from each customer as a percentage of total contract manufacturing services revenue: 

In addition, during
the three and six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, contract manufacturing services revenue was derived solely from U.S.
based customers. 

Revenue generated from
our products in our research and development segment during the six months ended October 31, 2015 was directly related to license
revenue recognized under certain agreements with an unrelated entity. 

Our long-lived assets
are located in the U.S. and consist of leasehold improvements, laboratory equipment, furniture and fixtures, office equipment and
software and are net of accumulated depreciation. Long-lived assets by segment consist of the following: 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 (unaudited) (continued) 

10.       commitments
and contingencies 

In the ordinary course
of business, we are at times subject to various legal proceedings and disputes. We make provisions for liabilities when it is both
probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.  Such provisions are reviewed
at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impact of any settlement negotiations, judicial and administrative rulings, advice
of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular case.  

On October 10, 2013,
a derivative and class action complaint, captioned  Michaeli v. Steven W. King, et al. , C.A. No. 8994-VCL, was filed in the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against certain of our executive officers and directors (collectively, the  Defendants ).
On December 1, 2015, the plaintiffs filed an amended and supplemental derivative and class action complaint (the  Amended
Complaint ). The Amended Complaint alleges that the Defendants breached their respective fiduciary duties in connection with
certain purportedly improper compensation decisions made by our Board of Directors during the past four fiscal years ended April
30, 2015, including: (i) the grant of a stock option to Mr. King on May 4, 2012; (ii) the non-routine broad-based stock option
grant to our directors, executives, all other employees and certain consultants on December 27, 2012; and (iii) the payment, during
the past four fiscal years ended April 30, 2015, of compensation to our non-employee directors. In addition, the complaint alleges
that our directors breached their fiduciary duty of candor by filing and seeking stockholder action on the basis of an allegedly
materially false and misleading proxy statement for our 2013 annual meeting of stockholders. The plaintiffs are seeking, among
other things, rescission of a portion of the stock option grant to Mr. King on May 4, 2012 and the stock options granted to the
Defendants on December 27, 2012, as well as disgorgement of any excessive compensation paid to our non-employee directors during
the four fiscal years ended April 30, 2015 and other monetary relief for our benefit. The Defendants filed their answer to the
Amended Complaint on February 19, 2016. We believe that the Amended Complaint is without merit and intend to vigorously defend
the action. In addition, due to the early stage of this matter, we cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss,
if any, that may result from this matter. 

11.       SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS 

Sale of Common Stock  

AMI Sales Agreement 
- Subsequent to October 31, 2016 and through December 12, 2016, we sold 3,788,346 shares of common stock at market prices under
the AMI Sales Agreement (Note 6) for aggregate gross proceeds of $1,174,000. As of December 12, 2016, aggregate gross proceeds
of up to $17,929,000 remained available to us under the AMI Sales Agreement. 

Equity Distribution
Agreement  - Subsequent to October 31, 2016 and through December 12, 2016, we sold 1,587,909 shares of common stock at market
prices under the Equity Distribution Agreement (Note 6) for aggregate gross proceeds of $496,000. As of December 12, 2016, aggregate
gross proceeds of up to $10,019,000 remained available to us under the Equity Distribution Agreement. 

Series E Preferred
Stock Dividend  

On December 6, 2016,
our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.65625 per share on our Series E Preferred Stock. The dividend payment
is equivalent to an annualized 10.50% per share, based on the $25.00 per share stated liquidation preference, accruing from October
1, 2016 through December 31, 2016. The cash dividend is payable on January 3, 2017 to holders of the Series E Preferred Stock of
record on December 16, 2016. 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition And Results of Operations.  

This Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ),
which represent our projections, estimates, expectations or beliefs concerning among other things, financial items that relate
to management s future plans or objectives or to our future economic and financial performance.  In some cases,
you can identify these statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  plans ,  believe ,
 will ,  anticipate ,  estimate ,  expect   project , or  intend ,
including their opposites or similar phrases or expressions. You should be aware that these statements are projections or estimates
as to future events and are subject to a number of factors that may tend to influence the accuracy of the statements. These forward-looking
statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our events or plans will be achieved. You
should not unduly rely on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. We undertake
no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statement to reflect circumstances or events after the date of this Quarterly
Report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should, however, review the factors and risks we describe in
Part II, Section 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended April 30, 2016, and the reports we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
after the date of this Quarterly Report. Actual results may differ materially from any forward looking statement. 

Overview   

We are a biopharmaceutical
company committed to improving the lives of patients by manufacturing high quality pharmaceutical products through our contract
manufacturing business and through advancing and licensing our novel, development-stage immunotherapy products. 

Avid Bioservices, Inc.
( Avid ) is our contract development and manufacturing organization ( CDMO ) and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Peregrine ). In June 2016, we announced a new corporate strategy to achieve sustained
profitability within two (2) years, and at the same time, refocus our internal clinical development efforts on small, early stage
clinical trials designed to drive partnering interest in our investigational products. 

Avid Our CDMO    

Our contract manufacturing
business provides fully-integrated cGMP services from cell line development to commercial biomanufacturing for third-party customers
while also supporting our internal drug development business. This integration, we believe, offers considerable time and cost efficiencies
for our internal drug development business. 

In March 2016,
we formally commissioned our Myford biomanufacturing facility which doubled our manufacturing capacity. The 40,000 square
foot facility, which is our second manufacturing facility, is designed to utilize single-use equipment up to the
2,000-liter manufacturing scale to accommodate a fully disposable biomanufacturing process for products in late stage
clinical development to commercial. This facility is currently being utilized to complete multiple process validation
runs for our third-party customers. As we complete these process validation runs, this moves us a step closer to generating
revenue from commercial production from this new manufacturing facility, provided our third-party customers  products
are approved. The facility is located adjacent to our current headquarters in Tustin, California. 

As we look
to expand our CDMO capacity and capabilities, we are planning to construct a third manufacturing facility focused on products
in clinical development, that we believe will further significantly increase our manufacturing capacity.  We have
leased a 25,000 square foot building in close proximity to our current campus that could be utilized for construction of this
new clinical facility. However, we are currently evaluating an alternative location that would allow us to utilize an
existing manufacturing infrastructure that we believe may enhance manufacturing efficiencies and reduce the overall cost to
construct our new facility. If we secure the alternative location in the near term,  we would intend to utilize the
aforementioned 25,000 square foot location as additional warehousing capacity. Due to our ongoing evaluations, we now
anticipate that the new clinical manufacturing facility will be complete and ready for clinical manufacturing activities by
the end of calendar year 2017. 

Peregrine Our Drug Development
Business  

Our drug development
business is focused on developing therapeutics designed to fight cancer by reversing the immunosuppressive environment that many
tumors establish in order to proliferate. By doing so, these therapeutics allow the immune system to recognize and destroy tumor
cells. Bavituximab is our lead immunotherapy candidate, and we currently have clinical collaborations with AstraZeneca and the
National Comprehensive Cancer Network  ( NCCN ), as well as a preclinical collaboration with Memorial Sloan Kettering
Cancer Center, all of which are evaluating the potential of bavituximab in combination with immune stimulating therapies. 

Bavituximab is a monoclonal
antibody that targets and binds to phosphatidylserine ( PS ), a highly immunosuppressive molecule that is usually located
inside the membrane of healthy cells, but then  flips  and becomes exposed on the outside of cells in the tumor microenvironment,
causing the tumor to evade immune detection. Bavituximab targets and binds to PS to block this immunosuppressive pathway and simultaneously
activates adaptive immunity, thereby enabling the immune system to recognize and fight the tumor. 

Clinical Development
Strategy   

In June 2016, we announced
a clinical development strategy focused on conducting small, early stage studies of bavituximab in combination with immune stimulating
therapies. These trials may be conducted independently, in conjunction with our collaborators, or through investigator sponsored
trials ( ISTs ). The goal of these trials will be to generate compelling clinical and translational data demonstrating
bavituximab s immunotherapeutic mechanism of action in a combination treatment setting. We plan to leverage these data to
drive partnering interest in our PS-targeting platform. In keeping with this strategy, we currently have no near-term plans to
initiate Company-sponsored Phase II and Phase III trials. 

We believe this strategy
will allow us to (i) continue our research and development activities while avoiding costly, later stage clinical trials, thereby
allowing us to achieve profitability sooner, and (ii) generate additional data that we believe, if positive, could generate future
potential value, including attracting potential licensing partners. 

Collaboration
with AstraZeneca Combining Bavituximab and Durvalumab (MEDI4736)   

In
August 2015, we entered into our first clinical collaboration with AstraZeneca to evaluate the combination of bavituximab and durvalumab
(MEDI4736), an anti-PD-L1 monoclonal antibody, with chemotherapy in a planned Phase I/Ib trial in multiple solid tumors. In October
2015, we expanded our clinical collaboration with AstraZeneca to evaluate the combination of bavituximab and durvalumab in a Phase
II study in patients with previously-treated squamous or non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ). 

As
discussed above, on June 2016, we announced a shift in corporate strategy to focus exclusively on small, early stage clinical trials
combining bavituximab with immune stimulating therapies. For this reason, we will not proceed with any previously planned Company-sponsored
Phase II clinical trials. We are   currently conducting an extensive review and analysis of
the available clinical data from the Phase III SUNRISE trial discussed below and testing the numerous collected samples for potential
biomarkers in order to determine if certain subgroups or patients with other characteristics benefited more from bavituximab. We
believe such information will be important in helping guide the bavituximab clinical program, including our collaboration with
AstraZeneca. 

NCCN Collaboration    

In January 2016, we
announced that we entered into a research collaboration with NCCN, a not-for-profit alliance of 27 of the world s leading
cancer centers, to expand the clinical research and development of bavituximab for the treatment of a range of tumors. Under this
research collaboration, we intend to fund ISTs and correlative studies with bavituximab at NCCN member institutions and their affiliate
community hospitals through a $2 million research grant to NCCN s Oncology Research Program.  NCCN will be responsible
for oversight and monitoring of all clinical studies under the research grant. In September 2016, NCCN announced that investigators
at the following NCCN-affiliated institutions were recipients of the grant awards: 

1.  Moffitt Cancer Center - A Phase I Trial of Sorafenib and Bavituximab Plus Stereotactic Body Radiation
Therapy for Unresectable Hepatitis C Associated Hepatocellular Carcinoma;   

2.  Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Center - Phase I/II Clinical Trial of Bavituximab with
Radiation and Temozolomide for Patients with Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma; and   

3.  The Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins - Phase II Study of Pembrolizumab
and Bavituximab for Progressive Recurrent/Metastatic Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Head and Neck.   

While specific timing has not been established,
nor within our control, we expect that the first studies will be initiated over the coming months. 

Bavituximab in
Front-Line Rectal Adenocarcinoma IST    

This Phase I IST was
designed to assess bavituximab in combination with capecitabine and radiation therapy in up to 18 patients with Stage II or III
rectal adenocarcinoma. The primary endpoint is to determine the safety, feasibility and tolerability with a standard platform of
capecitabine and radiation therapy. Secondary endpoints include overall response rate and pathological complete response (pCR)
rate in patients. Patient enrollment was completed in October 2015 and we believe the investigator plans to prepare and submit
a manuscript of results. 

Phase III SUNRISE
Trial   

In December 2013, we
initiated a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase III trial evaluating bavituximab plus docetaxel versus docetaxel
plus placebo, for the treatment of previously-treated NSCLC (the  Phase III SUNRISE trial ). 

In February 2016, we
announced that we were discontinuing the Phase III SUNRISE trial based on the recommendation of the study s Independent Data
Monitoring Committee following a pre-specified interim analysis performed after 33% of targeted overall events (patient deaths)
in the study were reached. Results of the analysis demonstrated that the patients treated in the bavituximab plus docetaxel treatment
arm did not show a sufficient improvement in overall survival as compared to the patients treated in the docetaxel plus placebo
treatment arm to warrant continuation of the study. Patient enrollment was discontinued and existing patients in the trial were
given the choice to continue chemotherapy and/or bavituximab, as appropriate. Clinical trial data from the study will continue
to be collected until trial completion. 

In October 2016, we
announced interim top-line results at the European Society for Medical Oncology ( ESMO ) 2016 Congress. The top-line
results were based on a data cut-off after 70% (330/473) of the targeted overall survival ( OS ) events had been reached
and demonstrated the addition of bavituximab to docetaxel did not result in improvement of the study s primary endpoint of
OS in the intent-to-treat population. Median OS for the bavituximab plus docetaxel group was 10.7 months as compared to 10.8 months
for the placebo plus docetaxel control group (HR = 1.110; p = 0.382).  Median progression free survival ( PFS )
for the bavituximab-containing group was 4.1 months compared to 3.9 months for the control group (HR = 0.97; p = 0.803). 
Objective response rates based on independent central review were currently 13% and 11% (p = 0.53) for the bavituximab-containing
and control groups, respectively.  Additionally, the safety profile of the combination of bavituximab with docetaxel group
was similar to placebo plus docetaxel group. 

In addition, we are
currently conducting an extensive review of the available data and testing the numerous collected samples for potential biomarkers
in order to understand what subgroups or other patient characteristics may have impacted the performance of the study. At the ESMO
2016 Congress, we presented data that showed that certain levels of the serum protein beta-2 glycoprotein-1 ( 2GP1) may be
useful for identifying patients who are more likely to benefit from a bavituximab-containing therapeutic regimen. Numerous other
potential biomarkers are currently being analyzed with the goal of developing a multi-marker signature that can potentially identify
patients that are likely to receive significant clinical benefit from a bavituximab-containing therapeutic regimen. We believe
such information will be important in supporting our clinical strategy as discussed above. 

Results of Operations 

The following table
compares the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and six-month periods ended October 31, 2016
and 2015. This table provides you with an overview of the changes in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the
comparative periods, which are further discussed below. 

Results of operations
for interim periods covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not necessarily be indicative of results of operations for
the full fiscal year or for any other period. 

Contract Manufacturing Revenue 

Three Months: 
The increase in contract manufacturing revenue of $13,847,000 (145%) during the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to
the same period in the prior year was primarily due to an increase in the number of manufacturing runs shipped in the current year
period due to an increased demand for contract manufacturing services combined with increased manufacturing capacity associated
with our Myford biomanufacturing facility, which became fully operational in March 2016, supplemented with the timing of shipment
of several manufacturing runs that were delayed from the prior quarter ended July 31, 2016 to the current quarter due to a previously
disclosed unexpected delay in third-party product testing needed for final product release. 

Six Months:  The
increase in contract manufacturing revenue of $10,077,000 (53%) during the six-month period ended October 31, 2016 compared to
the same period in the prior year was primarily due to an increase in the number of manufacturing runs shipped in the current year
period due to an increased demand for contract manufacturing services combined with increased manufacturing capacity associated
with our Myford biomanufacturing facility. 

Based on our
current commitments for manufacturing services from Avid s third-party customers and the anticipated completion of
in-process third-party customer manufacturing runs, we expect contract manufacturing revenue for the full fiscal year ending
April 30, 2017 to range from $50 to $55 million. 

License Revenue   

Six Months: The decrease
in license revenue of $292,000 during the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year was directly
related to revenue recognized in the prior year period in accordance with the terms of our existing license agreements. Based on
our existing licensing agreements, we do not expect license revenue to be a significant source of revenue for the current fiscal
year. 

Cost of Contract Manufacturing 

Three and Six
Months: The increases in cost of contract manufacturing of $10,700,000 (226%) and $9,154,000 (98%) during the three and
six-month periods ended October 31, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year was primarily due to
the current year three and six-month period increases in contract manufacturing revenue. In addition, we saw a decline in our
gross margin for the current year three and six-month periods, which was primarily attributed to the mix of products
manufactured for and services provided to our customers and the variability of costs from product to product. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses primarily include (i) payroll and related costs and share-based compensation expense (non-cash), associated
with research and development personnel, (ii) costs related to clinical trials and preclinical testing, (iii) costs to develop
and manufacture our product candidates, including raw materials and supplies, product testing, depreciation, and facility related
expenses, (iv) expenses for research services provided by universities and contract laboratories, including sponsored research
funding, and (v) other research and development expenses. Research and development expenses are charged to expense as incurred
when these expenditures relate to our research and development efforts and have no alternative future uses. 

Three Months: The decrease
in research and development expenses of $7,168,000 (51%) during the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the same prior
year period was primarily related to the following decreases associated with our PS-targeting platform: 

Decrease in third-party clinical trial costs of $5,000,000 primarily attributed to a decrease in
costs related to our discontinued Phase III SUNRISE trial (as discussed above) and previously planned Phase II trials in breast
and lung cancers;   

Decrease in manufacturing costs of $1,049,000 primarily related to internal and external costs
and expenses incurred in the prior year associated with preparing bavituximab for commercial production; and   

Decrease in payroll and related expenses of $1,007,000 primarily related to a reduction of research
and development personnel combined with the reassignment of certain personnel to our contract manufacturing operations;   

Six Months: The decrease
in research and development expenses of $12,517,000 (45%) during the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the same prior
year period was primarily related to the following decreases associated with our PS-targeting platform: 

Decrease in third-party clinical trial costs of $7,274,000 related to the clinical development
of bavituximab related to our discontinued Phase III SUNRISE trial (as discussed above) and previously planned Phase II trials
in breast and lung cancers;   

Decrease in payroll and related expenses of $1,929,000 related to a reduction of research and development
personnel combined with the reassignment of certain personnel to our contract manufacturing operations;   

Decrease in manufacturing costs of $1,869,000 primarily related to internal and external costs
and expenses incurred in the prior year associated with preparing bavituximab for commercial production; and   

In addition, during
June 2016, we announced a clinical development strategy focused on conducting small, early stage studies of bavituximab in combination
with immune stimulating therapies. These trials may be conducted independently, in conjunction with our collaborators, or through
ISTs. The goal of these trials will be to generate compelling clinical and translational biomarker data that demonstrate the ability
of treatment combinations featuring bavituximab to modify immune activity within the tumor microenvironment to support cancer killing.
We plan to leverage these data, if positive, to attract partnering interest in our PS-targeting platform. Based on our current
strategy, we expect research and development expenses for the current fiscal year to decrease at least 40% or more in comparison
to our fiscal year ended April 30, 2016. 

Selling, General and Administrative
Expenses 

Selling, general and
administrative ( SG A ) expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses and share-based compensation
expense (non-cash), for personnel in executive, finance, accounting, business development, legal, human resources, information
technology, and other internal support functions. In addition, SG A expenses include corporate and patent legal fees, audit
and accounting fees, investor relation expenses, non-employee director fees, insurance expense, and other expenses relating to
our general management, administration, and business development activities. 

Three and
Six Months: The increases in SG A expenses of $568,000 (13%) and $729,000 (8%) during the three and six-month periods
ended October 31, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year was primarily due to current year
period increases in payroll and related expenses and facility related expenses, offset by current year period decreases
in share-based compensation expense (non-cash) and other general corporate expenses. We expect SG A expenses for
the remainder of the current fiscal year ending April 30, 2017 to remain in-line with our current six month period as we
continue to increase our infrastructure to support the expansion of our contract manufacturing business. 

Interest and Other Income 

Three and
Six Months: The decreases in interest and other income of $605,000 (97%) and $611,000 (93%) during the three and
six-month periods ended October 31, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year was directly related
to the receipt in the prior year of a $600,000 settlement payment from a former third-party vendor during the
three-month period ended October 31, 2015, in accordance with the terms of the confidential settlement and release agreement
we entered into with the former third-party vendor on September 8, 2015. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Our discussion and
analysis of our consolidated financial position and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ).
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. We review our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing
basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for our judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may vary from what we anticipate and different assumptions or estimates about the future could
change our reported results. During the three and six-month periods ended October 31, 2016, there were no significant changes in
our critical accounting policies as previously disclosed by us in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended April 30, 2016.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At October 31, 2016,
we had $49,055,000 in cash and cash equivalents. We have expended substantial funds on the research and development of our product
candidates, and funding the operations of Avid. As a result, we have historically experienced negative cash flows from operations
since our inception and we expect negative cash flows from operations to continue until at least the fiscal year ending April 30,
2018 before we believe we can generate sufficient revenue from Avid s contract manufacturing services to achieve profitability.
Therefore, unless and until we are able to generate sufficient revenue from Avid s contract manufacturing services or from
the sale or licensing of our product candidates under development, we expect such losses to continue through at least the fiscal
year ending April 30, 2018. 

Our ability to continue
to fund our operations is highly dependent on the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand combined with our ability to raise
additional capital to support our future operations through one or more methods, including but not limited to, (i) raising additional
capital in the equity markets, (ii) generating additional revenue from Avid, or (iii) licensing or partnering our product candidates
in development. 

Historically, we have
funded a significant portion of our operations through the issuance of equity. During the six months ended October 31, 2016, we
raised $5,966,000 in aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock and raised an additional $1,634,000 in
aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of shares of our 10.5% Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the  Series E Preferred
Stock ) (as described in Note 6 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements). Subsequent to
October 31, 2016 and through December 12, 2016, we raised an additional $1,670,000 in aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of
shares of our common stock (as described in Note 11 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements).
As of December 12, 2016, $105,345,000 remained available to us under our two effective shelf registration statements, which allows
us from time to time to offer and sell shares of our common stock or Series E Preferred Stock, in one or more offerings, either
individually or in combination. 

Our ability to
raise additional capital in the equity markets to fund our obligations in future periods is dependent on a number of factors,
including but not limited to, the market demand for our common stock or Series E Preferred Stock. The market demand or
liquidity of our common stock and/or Series E Preferred Stock is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including
but not limited to, negative economic conditions, adverse market conditions, adverse financial results, and negative research
and development results. Furthermore, our ability to raise additional capital in the equity markets has been significantly
impacted by the decline in the market price of our common stock following our announcement in February 2016 that we were
discontinuing the Phase III SUNRISE trial. As a result, we have experienced a substantial decline in the amount of additional
capital that we have been able to raise from the sale of shares of our common stock as compared to recent fiscal years. If
the market price of our common stock does not improve significantly, we may not be able to rely on the sale of shares of our
common stock to fund our operations to the extent we have in prior years. 

With respect to our
ability to generate additional contract manufacturing revenue, Avid currently has a revenue backlog of $73 million under signed
contracts from existing customers covering manufacturing services, most of which, is expected to be completed during the current
fiscal year and fiscal year 2018. 

Although it is difficult
to predict all of our future liquidity requirements, we believe that our cash and cash equivalents as of October 31, 2016 combined
with the additional proceeds raised subsequent to October 31, 2016 and through December 12, 2016, and the projected cash receipts
from manufacturing services provided by Avid for its third-party customers under will be sufficient to fund our operations through
at least September 2017, which estimate assumes we raise no additional capital from the capital markets or other potential sources. 

If we are unable to
either (i) raise sufficient capital in the equity markets, (ii) generate additional revenue from Avid, or (iii) license or partner
our products in development, or any combination thereof, we may need to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all our research
and development efforts, or restructure our operations, which may include delaying the planned expansion of our contract manufacturing
business. In addition, even if we are able to raise additional capital, it may not be at a price or on terms that are favorable
to us. 

Significant components
of the changes in cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities for the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared
to the same prior year period are as follows: 

Net Cash Used In
Operating Activities . Net cash used in operating activities represents our (i) net loss, as reported, (ii) less non-cash operating
expenses, and (iii) net changes in the timing of cash flows as reflected by the changes in operating assets and liabilities, as
described in the below table: 

Net cash used in operating
activities decreased $9,789,000 to $16,787,000 for the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to net cash used in operating
activities of $26,576,000 for the six months ended October 31, 2015. This decrease in net cash used in operating activities was
due to a decrease in net loss reported for the current six-month period after deducting non-cash operating expenses of $11,835,000,
as described in the above table, offset by a net change in operating assets and liabilities of $2,046,000 due to the timing of
cash receipts and expenditures. 

Net Cash Used In
Investing Activities.  Net cash used in investing activities for the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, was $1,066,000
and $4,075,000, respectively. 

Net cash used in investing
activities during the six months ended October 31, 2016 consisted of property and equipment acquisitions of $828,000 related to
our manufacturing operations combined with an increase in other assets of $238,000. 

Net cash used
in investing activities during the six months ended October 31, 2015 consisted of property and equipment acquisitions
of $4,534,000 offset by a decrease in other assets of $459,000. Property and equipment acquisitions during the six months
ended October 31, 2015 primarily related to costs associated with the construction of our Myford facility to support
Avid s projected revenue growth and to support the manufacturing of our product candidates. The construction of the
Myford facility was completed and we placed the facility into service during our fiscal year ended April 30, 2016. The
decrease in other assets was primarily due to the transfer of progress payments incurred during our fiscal year ended April
30, 2015 to property and equipment related to our manufacturing operations. 

Net Cash Provided
By Financing Activities . Net cash provided by financing activities for the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, was
$5,496,000 and $34,655,000, respectively. 

Net cash provided by
financing activities during the six months ended October 31, 2016 consisted of (i) $3,342,000 in net proceeds from the sale of
shares of our common stock under an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, (ii) $2,439,000 in net proceeds from the sale of shares
of our common stock under an Equity Distribution Agreement, (iii) $1,577,000 in net proceeds from the sale of shares of our Series
E Preferred Stock under a separate At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, and (iv) $254,000 in net proceeds from the purchase of shares
of our common stock under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ), which amounts were offset by dividends paid on
our issued and outstanding Series E Preferred Stock of $2,116,000. 

Net cash provided by
financing activities during the six months ended October 31, 2015 consisted of (i) $19,999,000 in net proceeds from the sale of
shares of our common stock under a Common Stock Purchase Agreement, (ii) $16,199,000 in net proceeds from the sale of shares of
our common stock under two separate At Market Issuance Sales Agreements, (iii) $334,000 in net proceeds from the purchase of shares
under our ESPP, (iv) $132,000 in net proceeds from stock option exercises, and (v) $59,000 in net proceeds from the sale of shares
of our Series E Preferred Stock under a separate At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, which amounts were offset by dividends paid
on our issued and outstanding Series E Preferred Stock of $2,068,000. 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

Our cash and cash equivalents
are primarily invested in money market funds with one major commercial bank with the primary objective to preserve our principal
balance. Our deposits held with this bank exceed the amount of government insurance limits provided on our deposits and, therefore,
we are exposed to credit risk in the event of default by the major commercial bank holding our cash balances. However, these deposits
may be redeemed upon demand and, therefore, bear minimal risk. In addition, while changes in U.S. interest rates would affect the
interest earned on our cash balances at October 31, 2016, such changes would not have a material adverse effect on our financial
position or results of operations based on historical movements in interest rates. 

Item 4. 
     Controls And Procedures.  

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply
its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

We carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2016, the end of the
period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of October 31, 2016. 

There were no significant
changes in our internal control over financial reporting, during the quarter ended October 31, 2016, that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings.  

There have been no
material developments in the legal proceedings disclosed in Part I, Item 3 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended April 30, 2016. 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors.  

There have been no
material changes to the risk factors included in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April
30, 2016, except for the following risk factors: 

If
we cannot obtain additional funding, our product development efforts may be further reduced or discontinued and we may not be able
to expand our contract manufacturing business.   

We have expended substantial
funds on the research and development of our product candidates, and funding the operations of Avid. As a result, we have historically
experienced negative cash flows from operations since our inception and we expect negative cash flows from operations to continue
until at least the fiscal year ending April 30, 2018 before we believe we can generate sufficient revenue from Avid s contract
manufacturing services to achieve profitability. Therefore, unless and until we are able to generate sufficient revenue from Avid s
contract manufacturing services or from the sale or licensing of our product candidates under development, we expect such losses
to continue through at least the fiscal year ending April 30, 2018. 

Our ability to continue
to fund our operations is highly dependent on the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand combined with our ability to raise
additional capital to support our future operations through one or more methods, including but not limited to, (i) raising additional
capital in the equity markets, (ii) generating additional revenue from Avid, or (iii) licensing or partnering our product candidates
in development. 

Historically, we have
funded a significant portion of our operations through the issuance of equity. During the six months ended October 31, 2016, we
raised $5,966,000 in aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock and raised an additional $1,634,000 in
aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of shares of our 10.5% Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the  Series E Preferred
Stock ) (as described in Note 6 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements). Subsequent to
October 31, 2016 and through December 12, 2016, we raised an additional $1,670,000 in aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of
shares of our common stock (as described in Note 11 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements).
As of December 12, 2016, $105,345,000 remained available to us under our two effective shelf registration statements, which allows
us from time to time to offer and sell shares of our common stock or Series E Preferred Stock, in one or more offerings, either
individually or in combination. 

Our ability to raise
additional capital in the equity markets to fund our obligations in future periods is dependent on a number of factors, including
but not limited to, the market demand for our common stock or Series E Preferred Stock. The market demand or liquidity of our common
stock and/or Series E Preferred Stock is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, negative
economic conditions, adverse market conditions, adverse financial results, and negative research and development results. Furthermore,
our ability to raise additional capital in the equity markets has been significantly impacted by the decline in the market price
of our common stock following our announcement in February 2016 that we were discontinuing the Phase III SUNRISE trial. As a result,
we have experienced a substantial decline in the amount of additional capital that we have been able to raise from the sale of
shares of our common stock as compared to recent fiscal years. If the market price of our common stock does not improve significantly,
we may not be able to rely on the sale of shares of our common stock to fund our operations to the extent we have in prior years. 

With respect to our
ability to generate additional contract manufacturing revenue, Avid currently has a revenue backlog of $73 million under signed
contracts from existing customers covering manufacturing services, most of which, is expected to be completed during the current
fiscal year and fiscal year 2018. 

Although it is difficult
to predict all of our future liquidity requirements, we believe that our cash and cash equivalents as of October 31, 2016 combined
with the additional proceeds raised subsequent to October 31, 2016 and through December 12, 2016, and the projected cash receipts
from manufacturing services provided by Avid for its third-party customers under committed contracts will be sufficient to fund
our operations through at least September 2017, which estimate assumes we raise no additional capital from the capital markets
or other potential sources. 

If we are unable to
either (i) raise sufficient capital in the equity markets, (ii) generate additional revenue from Avid, or (iii) license or partner
our products in development, or any combination thereof, we may need to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all our research
and development efforts, or restructure our operations, which may include delaying the planned expansion of our contract manufacturing
business. In addition, even if we are able to raise additional capital, it may not be at a price or on terms that are favorable
to us. 

If
we fail to meet the continued listing standards of NASDAQ, our common stock may be delisted, which could have a material
adverse effect on the liquidity of our common stock.    

Our common stock
is currently traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market. As previously reported, on April 12, 2016 we received a letter from the
staff of the Listing Qualifications Department (the  Staff ) of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC
( NASDAQ ) notifying us that, for the previous 30 consecutive business days, the bid price for our common stock
had closed below the minimum $1.00 per share requirement for continued listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market under
NASDAQ s Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), which requires a minimum bid price of $1.00 per share (the  Minimum Bid Price
Requirement ). In accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were automatically afforded an initial
 compliance period  of 180 calendar days following the date of the notification, or until October 10, 2016, to
regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. Although we did not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price
Requirement by October 10, 2016, we received a letter from the Staff on October 11, 2016 notifying us that, pursuant to
Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)(ii), we were eligible for an additional  compliance period  of 180 calendar days, or
until April 10, 2017, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. The Staff s determination in the
October 11, 2016 notification letter was based on us meeting as of the last day of the initial  compliance
period  the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other applicable
requirements for initial listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market with the exception of the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, and
our written notice to NASDAQ of our intention to regain compliance by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. We may
achieve compliance during this additional 180-day  compliance period  if the closing bid price of our common
stock is at least $1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, but generally no more than 20 consecutive
business days, before April 10, 2017. 

If we choose to implement
a reverse stock split in order to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, we must complete the split no later
than 10 business days prior to April 10, 2017 in order to timely regain compliance. If we do not regain compliance by April 10,
2017, the Staff indicated that it will provide written notification to us that our common stock will be delisted. At that time,
we may appeal the Staff s delisting determination to a NASDAQ Hearings Panel ( Panel ). Our common stock would
remain listed pending the Panel s decision. There can be no assurance that, if we do appeal any delisting determination by
the Staff to the Panel, that such appeal would be successful. If our common stock were to be delisted, the liquidity of our common
stock would be adversely affected and the market price of our common stock could decrease. 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

None 

Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None 

Item 4. 
     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.  

Not applicable 

Item 5. 
     Other Information.  

None 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits.  

(a)  Exhibits:   

101.INS  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Instance Document. *   

101.SCH  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. *   

101.CAL  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. *   

101.DEF  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. *   

101.LAB  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. *   

101.PRE  XBRL Presentation Extension Linkbase Document. *   

* Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

Date:  December 12, 2016  
     By: 
     /s/ Steven W. King   

Steven W. King  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date:  December 12, 2016  
     By: 
      /s/ Paul J.
Lytle  

Paul J. Lytle  

Chief Financial Officer  

(signed both as an officer duly authorized to
sign on behalf of the Registrant and principal financial officer and chief accounting officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 peregrine_10q-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer  

I, Steven W. King, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the periods covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in
this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Dated:  December 12, 2016            
     Signed: 
     /s/ Steven W. King 

Steven W.
King 

President and Chief Executive
Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 peregrine_10q-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

I, Paul J. Lytle, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the periods covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in
this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Dated:  December 12, 2016            
     Signed: 
     /s/ Paul J. Lytle 

Paul J. Lytle 

Chief Financial
Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 peregrine_10q-ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATION   

I, Steven W. King,
certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that the Quarterly
Report of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2016 fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report of Peregrine
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of
Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

By: 
     /s/ Steven W. King  

Name: 
     Steven W. King  

Title: 
     President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date: 
     December 12, 2016  

I, Paul J. Lytle, certify,
pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that the Quarterly Report
of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report of Peregrine
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of
Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

By: 
     /s/ Paul J. Lytle  

Name: 
     Paul J. Lytle  

Title: 
     Chief Financial Officer  

Date: 
     December 12, 2016  

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and will be retained by Peregrine Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

This Certification is being furnished
pursuant to Rule 15(d) and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act
(15 U.S.C. 78r), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This Certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated
by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent it
is specifically incorporated by reference.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 pphm-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pphm-20161031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 pphm-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pphm-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 pphm-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 pphm-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

