<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_914747_0001193125-16-765711_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2642082</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101169</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>151017</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>494122</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1129929</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>594150</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>18</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765711.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110144255
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765711
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY CHARTER ASPECT L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000914747
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				133775071
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26282
		FILM NUMBER:		161987461

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CERES MANAGED FUTURES LLC
		STREET 2:		522 FIFTH AVENUE, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-672-4468

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CERES MANAGED FUTURES LLC
		STREET 2:		522 FIFTH AVENUE, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MORGAN STANLEY CHARTER ASPECT L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MORGAN STANLEY CHARTER MSFCM LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MORGAN STANLEY CHARTER GRAHAM LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011205

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765711.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d259568d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

   UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q      (X) QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)      OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR (    ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the transition period
from                to                
 Commission File Number:  000-26282   
  MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY CHARTER ASPECT L.P.   
     (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)      

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
   
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)   
    c/o Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
  522 Fifth Avenue      New
York, New York 10036         (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)     (855) 672-4468   
     (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
    Yes  X     No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).     Yes  X     No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a
smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer         
   
  Accelerated filer         
   
  Non-accelerated filer  X   
   
  Smaller reporting company          
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).     Yes          No  X    
 As of October 31, 2016, 1,390,089.588 Limited Partnership Units were outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

   MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY CHARTER ASPECT L.P.   
  FORM 10-Q   
    INDEX       

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Financial Statements   
  Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
    Statements of Financial Condition   
  (Unaudited)       
       See accompanying notes to financial
statements.  
      - 2 -  

Table of Contents  

   Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
    Condensed Schedule of Investments   
  September 30, 2016   
  (Unaudited)       
   * Liquid non-cash held as collateral.  
 ** Due to rounding.      
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      - 3 -  

Table of Contents  

   Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments   
  December 31, 2015       
   * Liquid non-cash held as collateral.  
     See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      - 4 -  

Table of Contents  

   Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
    Statements of Income and Expenses   
  (Unaudited)       

* 
   Represents the change in net asset value per Unit during the period.     
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      - 5 -  

Table of Contents  

   Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
    Statements of Changes in Partners  Capital   
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  (Unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      - 6 -  

Table of Contents  

   Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
    Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)      1. Organization:
    Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P. (the  Partnership ) is a Delaware limited partnership
organized in 1993 to engage primarily in the speculative trading of futures contracts, options on futures and forward contracts, and forward contracts on physical commodities and other commodity interests, including, but not limited to, foreign
currencies, financial instruments, metals, energy and agricultural products (collectively,  Futures Interests ) (refer to Note 4,  Financial Instruments ). The General Partner (defined below) may also determine to invest up to
all of the Partnership s assets in United States ( U.S. ) Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. The Partnership is one of the Morgan Stanley
Charter series of funds, comprised of the Partnership, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter WNT L.P. and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Campbell L.P.  
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acts as the general partner ( Ceres  or the
 General Partner ) and commodity pool operator for the Partnership. Ceres is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Holdings LLC ( MSSBH ). MSSBH is wholly-owned indirectly by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley
Smith Barney LLC is doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ( Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ). Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is a principal subsidiary of MSSBH.  
 During the reporting periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership s commodity broker was Morgan Stanley
  Co. LLC ( MS Co. ), a registered futures commission merchant. The Partnership also deposits a portion of its cash in a non-trading account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. MS Co. also acts as the counterparty on all trading of
foreign currency forward contracts. MS Co. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. Aspect Capital Limited ( Aspect  or the  Trading Advisor ) is the trading advisor to the Partnership.  
 In July 2015, the General Partner delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the  Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as
agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. The General Partner pays or reimburses the Partnership, from the General Partner fee (formerly, the administrative fee) it receives, the
ordinary administrative expenses of the Partnership. This includes the expenses related to the engagement of the Administrator. Therefore, the engagement of the Administrator did not impact the Partnership s break-even point.  
      - 7 -  

Table of Contents  

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:   
 The accompanying financial statements and accompanying notes are unaudited but, in the opinion of the General Partner, include
all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the Partnership s financial condition at September 30, 2016, the results of its operations for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 and changes in partners  capital for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements present the results of interim periods and do not include all of the disclosures normally provided in annual
financial statements. These financial statements should be read together with the financial statements and notes included in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K (the  Form 10-K ) filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  SEC ) for the year ended December 31, 2015. The December 31, 2015 information has been derived from the audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 Due to the nature of commodity trading, the results of operations for the interim periods presented should not be considered
indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year.     Use of Estimates.   The preparation
of financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates.  
  Profit Allocation.   The General Partner and each limited partner of the Partnership share in the profits and
losses of the Partnership in proportion to the amount of partnership interest owned by each except that no limited partner is liable for obligations of the Partnership in excess of its capital contributions and profits, if any, net of distributions
or redemptions and losses, if any.     Statement of Cash Flows.   The Partnership is not required to provide
a Statement of Cash Flows.     Partnership s Investments.   All commodity interests of the Partnership,
including derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The commodity interests are recorded on trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value (as described in Note 6,  Fair
Value Measurements ) at the measurement date. Investments in commodity interests denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the measurement date. Gains or losses are realized when
contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, first-out method. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in trading account in the Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains or
losses and net change in unrealized gains or losses are included in the Statements of Income and Expenses.     Restricted
and Unrestricted Cash.   The cash held by the Partnership that is available for Futures Interests trading is on deposit in commodity brokerage accounts with MS Co. As reflected in the Statements of Financial Condition, restricted
cash equals the cash portion of assets on deposit to meet margin requirements plus the cash required to offset unrealized losses on foreign currency forward and option contracts and offset unrealized losses only on the offsetting London Metal
Exchange positions. All of these amounts are maintained separately. Cash that is not classified as restricted cash is therefore classified as unrestricted cash. Restricted and unrestricted cash includes cash denominated in foreign currencies of
$(98,871) (proceeds of $98,396) and $240,854 (cost of $243,631) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
  Income Taxes.   Income taxes have not been listed as each partner is individually liable for the taxes, if
any, on its share of the Partnership s income and expenses. The General Partner has concluded that no provision for income tax is required in the Partnership s financial statements. The Partnership files U.S. federal and various state and
local tax returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The 2012 through 2015 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. The General Partner does not believe that there are any uncertain
tax positions that require recognition of a tax liability.  
      - 8 -  

Table of Contents  

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   Investment Company Status.   Effective January 1, 2014, the
Partnership adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2013-08,   Financial Services  Investment Companies (Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements   and based on the General
Partner s assessment, the Partnership has been deemed to be an investment company since inception. Accordingly, the Partnership follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Topic 946 and reflects its investments at fair
value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and Expenses.  
  Net Income (Loss) per Unit.   Net income (loss) per unit of limited partnership interest ( Unit(s) )
is calculated in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 946,   Financial Services-Investment Companies.   See Note 3,  Financial Highlights.   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments.   The carrying value of the Partnership s assets and liabilities
presented in the Statements of Financial Condition that qualify as financial instruments under the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC 825,   Financial Instruments ,  approximates fair value due to the short
term nature of such balances.     Recent Accounting Pronouncement.   In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   The amendments in this update address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments for all
entities that hold financial assets or owe financial liabilities. One of the amendments in this update eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that
is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet or a description of changes in the methods and significant assumptions. Additionally, the update eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair
value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities. Investment companies are specifically exempted from ASU 2016-01 s equity investment accounting provisions and will continue to follow
the industry specific guidance for investment accounting under Topic 946. For public business entities, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein. For other entities, it is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The General Partner is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on the Partnership s financial statements
and related disclosures.     Reclassification.   Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to
conform to current period presentation. Amounts previously presented as net unrealized gain (loss) on open contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition are now reported as net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized
depreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts and net unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts, as applicable. In addition, amounts previously presented as futures and forward contracts
purchased and futures and forward contracts sold in the Condensed Schedules of Investments are now reported as futures contracts purchased, futures contracts sold, unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts and unrealized depreciation on open
forward contracts, as applicable.    There have been no material changes with respect to the Partnership s critical
accounting policies as reported in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      - 9 -  

Table of Contents  

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   3. Financial Highlights:   
 Financial highlights for the limited partner class as a whole for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
were as follows:      

* 
   Net investment loss per Unit is calculated by dividing the expenses net of interest income by the average
number of Units outstanding during the period. The net realized and unrealized gains (losses) per Unit is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per Unit with the other per unit information.     

** 
   Annualized (other than incentive fees, if applicable).     

*** 
   Interest income less total expenses.     
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the
period. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the limited partner class using the limited partners  share of income, expenses and average partners  capital.  
      - 10 -  

Table of Contents  

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   4. Financial Instruments:   
 The Partnership trades Futures Interests. Futures and forwards represent contracts for delayed delivery of an instrument at a
specified date and price.    The fair value of an exchange-traded contract is based on the settlement price quoted by the
exchange on the day with respect to which fair value is being determined. If an exchange-traded contract could not have been liquidated on such day due to the operation of daily limits or other rules of the exchange, the settlement price will be
equal to the settlement price on the first subsequent day on which the contract could be liquidated.    The
Partnership s contracts are accounted for on a trade-date basis. Gains or losses are realized when the contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, first-out method.  
 In general, the risks associated with off-exchange-traded contracts are greater than those associated with exchange-traded
contracts because of the greater risk of default by the counterparty to an off-exchange-traded contract. The Partnership has credit risk associated with counterparty nonperformance. As of the date of the financial statements, the credit risk
associated with the instruments in which the Partnership trades is limited to the unrealized gain amounts reflected in the Partnership s Statements of Financial Condition.  
 The Partnership also has credit risk because MS Co. acts as the commodity futures broker or the counterparty, with respect
to most of the Partnership s assets. Exchange-traded futures and exchange-traded forward contracts are fair valued on a daily basis, with variations in value settled on a daily basis. With respect to the Partnership s off-exchange-traded
forward currency contracts, there are no daily settlements of variation in value, nor is there any requirement that an amount equal to the net unrealized gains (losses) on such contracts be segregated. However, the Partnership is required to meet
margin requirements equal to the net unrealized loss on open forward currency contracts in the Partnership s accounts with the counterparty, which is accomplished by daily maintenance of the cash balance in a custody account held at MS Co.,
for the benefit of MS Co. With respect to those off-exchange-traded forward currency contracts, the Partnership is at risk to the ability of MS Co., the sole counterparty on all such contracts, to perform. The Partnership has a netting
agreement with MS Co. The primary terms are based on industry standard master netting agreements. This agreement, which seeks to reduce both the Partnership s and MS Co. s exposure on off-exchange-traded forward currency contracts,
including options on such contracts, should materially decrease the Partnership s credit risk in the event of MS Co. s bankruptcy or insolvency.  
 The Partnership does not isolate the portion of the results of operations arising from the effect of changes in foreign
exchange rates on investments from fluctuations from changes in market prices of investments held. Such fluctuations are included in total trading results in the Partnership s Statements of Income and Expenses.  
 The General Partner monitors and attempts to control the Partnership s risk exposure on a daily basis through financial,
credit and risk management monitoring systems, and accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership may be subject. These monitoring systems generally allow the
General Partner to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provide account analysis of futures, forward and option positions by sector,
margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions.    The futures, forwards and options traded, and
the U.S. Treasury bills held, by the Partnership involve varying degrees of related market risk. Market risk is often dependent upon changes in the level or volatility of interest rates, exchange rates, and prices of financial instruments and
commodities, factors that result in frequent changes in the fair value of the Partnership s open positions, and consequently, in its earnings, whether realized or unrealized, and cash flow. Gains and losses on open positions of exchange-traded
futures and exchange-traded forward contracts are settled daily through variation margin. Gains and losses on off-exchange-traded forward currency contracts are settled upon termination of the contract.  
      - 11 -  

Table of Contents  

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   5. Trading Activities:   
 The Partnership s objective is to profit from speculative trading in Futures Interests. Therefore, the Trading Advisor
will take speculative positions in Futures Interests where it feels the best profit opportunities exist for its trading strategy. As such, the average number of contracts outstanding in absolute quantities (the total of the open long and open short
positions) has been presented as a part of the volume disclosure, as position direction is not an indicative factor in such volume disclosures.  
 All of the commodity interests owned by the Partnership are held for trading purposes. The monthly average number of futures
contracts traded during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 1,579 and 1,850, respectively. The monthly average number of futures contracts traded during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 1,617 and 1,980,
respectively. The monthly average number of metals forward contracts traded during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 185 and 331, respectively. The monthly average number of metals forward contracts traded during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 226 and 303, respectively. The monthly average notional values of currency forward contracts traded during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $91,690,690 and $95,975,830,
respectively. The monthly average notional values of currency forward contracts traded during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $104,633,328 and $107,015,238, respectively.  
 The following tables summarize the gross and net amounts recognized relating to the assets and liabilities of the
Partnership s derivative instruments and transactions eligible for offset subject to master netting agreements or similar agreements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

- 12 -  

Table of Contents  

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

* 
   In the event of default by the Partnership, MS Co., the Partnership s commodity futures broker and/or
the sole counterparty to the Partnership s off-exchange-traded contracts, as applicable, has the right to offset the Partnership s obligation with the Partnership s cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co., thereby
minimizing MS Co. s risk of loss. There is no collateral posted by MS Co., and as such, in the event of default by MS Co., the Partnership is exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of
exchange-traded contracts, the Partnership s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee fund may be available in the
event of a default.     
      - 13 -  

Table of Contents  

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The following tables indicate the gross fair values of derivative instruments
of futures and forward contracts as separate assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.      

* 
   This amount is in  Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts  in the Statements of
Financial Condition.         

** 
   This amount is in  Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts  in the Statements of
Financial Condition.     
      - 14 -  

Table of Contents  

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

* 
   This amount is in  Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts  in the Statements of
Financial Condition.         

** 
   This amount is in  Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts  in the Statements of
Financial Condition.     
      - 15 -  

Table of Contents  

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The following table indicates the trading gains and losses, by market sector,
on derivative instruments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      
   * This amount is in  Total trading results  in the Statements of Income and Expenses.  
      - 16 -  

Table of Contents  

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   6. Fair Value Measurements:   
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the
lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to
the fair value measurement in its entirety.    The fair value of exchange-traded futures, forward and option contracts is
determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward
basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign currency option contracts is calculated by applying an
industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as input the spot prices, interest rates and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the
reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period.  
 The Partnership considers prices for exchange-traded commodity futures, forward, swap and option contracts to be based on
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded forward, swap and certain option contracts for which market quotations are not readily available are
priced by broker quotes or pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Partnership did not hold any derivative instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the General Partner s assumptions and internal valuation pricing models (Level 3). Transfers between levels
are recognized at the end of the reporting period. During the reporting periods, there were no transfers of assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2.      
 
      - 17 -  

Table of Contents  

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

    7. Subsequent Events:   
 The General Partner evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. The
General Partner has assessed the subsequent events through the date of issuance and has determined that there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.  
      - 18 -  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations      Liquidity and Capital Resources.  The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods
or services. Its assets are (i) its equity in trading account, consisting of restricted and unrestricted cash, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts and investment in U.S.
Treasury bills at fair value, if applicable, (ii) cash at bank and (iii) interest receivable. Because of the low margin deposits normally required in commodity futures trading, relatively small price movements may result in substantial losses to the
Partnership. While substantial losses could lead to a material decrease in liquidity, no such illiquidity occurred in the third quarter of 2016. 
 The Partnership s capital consists of the capital contributions of the partners as increased or decreased by net realized
and/or unrealized gains or losses on trading and by expenses, interest income and redemptions of Units.    For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, Partnership capital decreased 15.8% from $36,075,276 to $30,360,270. This decrease was attributable to redemptions of 167,036.606 Limited Partners Units totaling $3,630,574, redemptions of 2,545.118 General Partner
Units totaling $55,229 and a net loss of $2,029,203. Future redemptions can impact the amount of funds available for investments in subsequent periods.  
  Critical Accounting Policies.  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the General
Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expense during
the reporting period. The General Partner believes that the estimates utilized in preparing the financial statements are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Partnership s significant accounting policies are
described in detail in Note 2,  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  of the Financial Statements.  
 The Partnership records all investments at fair value in their financial statements, with changes in fair value reported as a
component of net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) in the Statements of Income and Expenses.  
 The General Partner estimates that at any given time approximately 31.4% to 45.4% of the Partnership s contracts are
traded over-the-counter.  
      - 19 -  

Table of Contents  

    Results of Operations    
  General:     The Partnership s results depend on the Trading Advisor and the ability of the
Trading Advisor s trading program to take advantage of price movements in the futures, forward and options markets. 
 The Trading Advisor trades the Partnership s assets in accordance with its Diversified Program, a proprietary, systematic
trading system. The Diversified Program is a proprietary, systematic global futures trading program. Its goal is the generation of significant long-term capital growth independent of stock and bond market returns. This program continuously monitors
price movements in a wide range of global financial, currency and commodity markets, searching for profit opportunities over periods ranging from a few hours to several months.  
 The Trading Advisor has designed the Diversified Program to have broad market diversification (subject to liquidity
constraints). Aspect s quantitative resources are sufficient to enable it to design and implement a broadly diversified portfolio with a significant allocation to numerous different markets.  
 The Trading Advisor s Diversified Program trades over 100 markets in the seven major sectors: currencies, energy, metals,
stock indices, bonds, agricultural commodities and interest rates implementing momentum strategies. Aspect is constantly examining new liquid and uncorrelated markets to incorporate in the program with the aim of improving its reward/risk ratio and
capacity. Aspect has no market or sector preferences, believing that allowing for liquidity effects, equal profitability can be achieved in the long-term in all markets. The key factors in determining the asset allocation are correlation and
liquidity. Correlations are analyzed at the sector, sub-sector, economic block and market levels to design a portfolio which is highly diversified.  
 The following presents a summary of the Partnership s operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, and a general discussion of its trading activities during each period. It is important to note, however, that the Trading Advisor trades in various markets at different times and that prior activity in a particular market does not mean
that such market will be actively traded by the Trading Advisor or will be profitable in the future. Consequently, the results of operations of the Partnership are difficult to discuss other than in the context of the Trading Advisor s trading
activities on behalf of the Partnership during the period in question. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.  
 The Partnership s results of operations set forth in the financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which
require the use of certain accounting policies that affect the amounts reported in these financial statements, including the following: the contracts the Partnership trades are accounted for on a trade-date basis and marked to market on a daily
basis. The difference between their original contract value and market value is recorded on the Statements of Income and Expenses as  Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts,  on open contracts, and recorded as  Net
realized gains (losses) on closed contracts  when open positions are closed out. The sum of these amounts constitutes the Partnership s trading results. The market value of a futures contract is the settlement price on the exchange on
which that futures contract is traded on a particular day. The value of a foreign currency forward contract is based on the spot rate as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.), the close of the business day. Interest income, as well as management fees,
incentive fees, General Partner fees and ongoing placement agent fees of the Partnership are recorded on an accrual basis.  
 The General Partner believes that, based on the nature of the operations of the Partnership, no assumptions relating to the
application of critical accounting policies other than those presently used could reasonably affect reported amounts.  
      - 20 -  

Table of Contents  

  During the Partnership s third quarter of 2016, the net asset value per Unit
decreased 2.5% from $21.70 to $21.16, as compared to an increase of 12.5% during the third quarter of 2015. The Partnership experienced a net trading loss before fees and expenses in the third quarter of 2016 of $363,890. Losses were
primarily attributable to the Partnership s trading in commodity, currencies and interest rates sectors, and were partially offset by gains in the equity sector. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses in the
third quarter of 2015 of $4,667,455. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s trading in commodity, currencies and interest rates sectors, and were partially offset by losses in the equity sector.  
 The most significant losses were incurred within the global interest rate sector during the third quarter from long U.S. fixed
income futures positions as prices decreased amid speculation the U.S. Federal Reserve ( Fed ) would raise interest rates in the near future. Within the energy complex, losses were recorded during August and September from short positions
in crude oil and its related products as prices increased after reports surfaced and were confirmed that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) would curtail oil production. Within the agricultural sector, losses
were experienced from long sugar and soybean positions as prices decreased during after crop forecasts improved, which represented a reversal of the market trend at that time. Within the currency sector, losses were experienced during July from
positions in the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the Canadian currency varied throughout the month amid speculation on how crude oil prices, U.S. monetary policy, and repercussions of Britain s referendum could
impact the Canadian economy. During August losses in this sector were recorded from long positions in the South African rand, Canadian dollar, and Australian dollar versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the U.S. dollar strengthened amid
investor speculation that the Fed may tighten monetary policy. The Partnership s losses for the quarter were partially offset by gains achieved within the global stock index sector from long global equity index futures positions as prices rose
amid positive U.S. economic data and as investor s immediate fears created by the U.K. s decision to leave the European Union subsided. 
 During the Partnership s nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net asset value per Unit decreased 5.9% from $22.49 to
$21.16, as compared to an increase of 4.8% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Partnership experienced a net trading loss before fees and expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $397,798. Losses were
primarily attributable to the Partnership s trading in commodity, equity and currencies sectors, and were partially offset by gains in the interest rates sector. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses in the
nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $3,438,955. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s trading in commodity, equity and interest rates sectors, and were partially offset by losses in the currencies sector.  
 The most significant losses were recorded in the metals sector, primarily during February, March, and April from short
positions in gold and silver futures as prices advanced amid increased investor demand for precious metals. Further losses in the metals sector were incurred throughout the first quarter from positions in zinc futures. Losses within the metals
during August were experienced from long positions in silver futures as prices moved lower due to weakening investor demand. Within the currency sector, losses were incurred during February from short positions in the Swiss franc and Japanese yen
versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the U.S. dollar weakened amid concern of growing vulnerability of the U.S. economy. Additional losses within this sector were recorded during May from long positions in the Australian dollar versus the
U.S. dollar as the relative value of the U.S. currency rallied after hawkish comments from the U.S. Federal Reserve increased speculation that interest rates could be increased as early as June. During July, losses were experienced from positions in
the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the Canadian currency varied throughout the month amid speculation on how crude oil prices, U.S. monetary policy, and repercussions of Britain s referendum could impact the
Canadian economy. During August, losses in this sector were recorded from long positions in the South African rand, Canadian dollar, and Australian dollar versus the U.S. dollar. Within the global stock index sector, losses were incurred during
April and June from long positions in European and U.S. equity index futures as prices declined on mounting uncertainties following the U.K s decision to leave the European Union. Additional losses were incurred during January from long
positions in European and U.S. equity index futures as prices declined amid mounting investor concerns about declining oil prices and a China-led slowdown in global growth. Within the energy sector, losses were incurred during April from short
positions in crude oil and its related products as prices surged as data from the Energy Information Agency showed U.S. crude oil production continued to decline. Additional losses were recorded during April from short positions in natural gas
futures. During August and September, losses were recorded in this sector from short positions in crude oil and its related products as prices increased after reports surfaced and were confirmed that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting
Countries ( OPEC ) would curtail oil production. The Partnership s trading losses for the first nine months of the year were partially offset by trading gains within the global interest rate sector during January and February from
long positions in European and Pacific Rim fixed income futures as prices advanced after weakness in Chinese economic data revived concern  
      - 21 -  

Table of Contents  

about the stability of the global economy. Additional gains were experienced during June from long positions in European and U.S. fixed income futures as prices moved higher as uncertainty
surrounding the economic and political fallout following the U.K. s vote in late June to leave the European Union increased demand for the relative  safety  of government debt.  
    Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
  Introduction     The
Partnership is a commodity pool engaged primarily in the speculative trading of futures, forwards and options. The market-sensitive instruments held by the Partnership are acquired for speculative trading purposes only and, as a result, all or
substantially all of the Partnership s assets are at risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market-sensitive instruments is inherent to the primary business activity of the Partnership.  
 The futures, forwards and options on such contracts traded by the Partnership involve varying degrees of related market risk.
Market risk is often dependent upon changes in the level or volatility of interest rates, exchange rates, and prices of financial instruments and commodities, factors that result in frequent changes in the fair value of the Partnership s open
positions, and consequently in its earnings, whether realized or unrealized, and cash flow. Gains and losses on open positions of exchange-traded futures and exchange-traded forward contracts are settled daily through variation margin. Gains and
losses on off-exchange-traded forward currency contracts and forward currency option contracts are settled upon termination of the contract. Gains and losses on off-exchange-traded forward currency option contracts are settled on an agreed-upon
settlement date.    The Partnership s total market risk may increase or decrease as it is influenced by a wide variety
of factors, including, but not limited to, the diversification among the Partnership s open positions, the volatility present within the markets, and the liquidity of the markets.  
 The face value of the market sector instruments held by the Partnership is typically many times the applicable margin
requirements. Margin requirements generally range between 2% and 15% of contract face value. Additionally, the use of leverage causes the face value of the market sector instruments held by the Partnership typically to be many times the total
capitalization of the Partnership.    The Partnership s past performance is no guarantee of its future results. Any
attempt to numerically quantify the Partnership s market risk is limited by the uncertainty of its speculative trading. The Partnership s speculative trading and use of leverage may cause future losses and volatility ( i.e. ,
 risk of ruin ) that far exceed the Partnership s experience to date as discussed under the  Partnership s Value at Risk in Different Market Sectors  section and significantly exceed the Value at Risk tables disclosed.
   Limited partners will not be liable for losses exceeding the current net asset value of their investment.  
      - 22 -  

Table of Contents  

   Quantifying the Partnership s Trading Value at Risk   
 The following quantitative disclosures regarding the Partnership s market risk exposures contain  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of the safe harbor from civil liability provided for such statements by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )). All quantitative disclosures in this section are deemed to be forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe
harbor, except for statements of historical fact.    The Partnership accounts for open positions on the basis of fair value
accounting principles. Any loss in the market value of the Partnership s open positions is directly reflected in the Partnership s earnings and cash flow.  
 The Partnership s risk exposure in the market sectors traded by the Trading Advisor is estimated below in terms of Value
at Risk. Please note that the Value at Risk model is used to numerically quantify market risk for historic reporting purposes only and is not utilized by either Ceres or the Trading Advisor in their daily risk management activities.  
 Value at Risk is a measure of the maximum amount which the Partnership could reasonably be expected to lose in a given market
sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of the Partnership s speculative trading and the recurrence of market movements far exceeding expectations in the markets traded by the Partnership could result in actual trading or non-trading losses
far beyond the indicated Value at Risk or the Partnership s experience to date ( i.e .,  risk of ruin ). In light of the foregoing, as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to all future projections, the inclusion of the
quantification in this section should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Partnership s losses in any market sector will be limited to Value at Risk or by the Partnership s attempts to manage its market
risk.    Exchange maintenance margin requirements have been used by the Partnership as the measure of its Value at Risk.
Maintenance margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum losses reasonably expected to be incurred in the fair value of any given contract in 95% - 99% of any one-day interval. Maintenance margin has been used rather than
the more generally available initial margin, because initial margin includes a credit risk component, which is not relevant to Value at Risk.  
      - 23 -  

Table of Contents  

   The Partnership s Value at Risk in Different Market Sectors   
 The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s open positions by market
category as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the highest, lowest and average values during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015. All open position trading risk exposures of the
Partnership have been included in calculating the figures set forth below. There has been no material change in the trading Value at Risk information previously disclosed in the Form 10-K.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Partnership s total capitalization was $30,360,270.  
   
   * Average of daily Values at Risk.  
 As of December 31, 2015, the Partnership s total capitalization was $36,075,276.  
   
   * Average of daily Values at Risk.  
      - 24 -  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4.  Controls and Procedures   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the General Partner, Ceres  President (Ceres  principal
executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Ceres  principal financial officer) have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016. The Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information the Partnership is required to disclose in the reports that the
Partnership files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the applicable rules and forms. Based on this evaluation, the President and Chief Financial Officer of Ceres have
concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of the Partnership were effective at September 30, 2016.     Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting     There have been no changes during the period covered by this quarterly report in the
Partnership s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Partnership s internal control over
financial reporting.     Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls   
 Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide reasonable (not absolute) assurance that its
objectives will be met. Furthermore, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected.  
      - 25 -  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1.  Legal Proceedings   
 This section describes the major pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business,
to which MS Co. or its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their property is subject. There are no material legal proceedings pending against the Partnership or the General Partner.  
 On June 1, 2011, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated converted from a Delaware corporation to a Delaware limited
liability company. As a result of that conversion, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated is now named Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ).  
 MS Co. is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, a Delaware holding company. Morgan Stanley files periodic
reports with the SEC as required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which include current descriptions of material litigation and material proceedings and investigations, if any, by governmental and/or
regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations concerning Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries, including MS Co. As a consolidated subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, MS Co. does not file its own periodic reports with the SEC that contain
descriptions of material litigation, proceedings and investigations. As a result, we refer you to the  Legal Proceedings  section of Morgan Stanley s SEC 10-K filings for 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012, and 2011. In addition, MS Co.
annually prepares an Audited Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition ( Audited Financial Statement ) that is publicly available on Morgan Stanley s website at  www.morganstanley.com . We refer you to the  Commitments,
Guarantees and Contingencies Contingencies Legal  section in MS Co. s 2015 Audited Financial Statement.  
 In addition to the matters described in those filings, in the normal course of business, each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co.
has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, arising in connection with its activities as a global diversified financial services institution. Certain of the
legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. is also involved, from time to time, in investigations and proceedings by
governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, fines or penalties. The number of these investigations and proceedings has increased in recent years with regard to many
financial services institutions, including Morgan Stanley and MS Co.    MS Co. is a Delaware limited liability
company with its main business office located at 1585 Broadway, New York, New York 10036. Among other registrations and memberships, MS Co. is registered as a futures commission merchant and is a member of the National Futures Association.  
   Regulatory and Governmental Matters         
 MS Co. has received subpoenas and requests for information from certain federal and state regulatory and governmental
entities, including among others various members of the RMBS Working Group of the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force, such as the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and several state Attorney General s Offices, concerning
the origination, financing, purchase, securitization and servicing of subprime and non-subprime residential mortgages and related matters such as residential mortgage backed securities ( RMBS ), collateralized debt obligations
( CDOs ), structured investment vehicles ( SIVs ) and credit default swaps backed by or referencing mortgage pass-through certificates. These matters, some of which are in advanced stages, include, but are not limited to,
investigations related to MS Co. s due diligence on the loans that it purchased for securitization, MS Co. s communications with ratings agencies, MS Co. s disclosures to investors, and MS Co. s handling of
servicing and foreclosure related issues.    On February 25, 2015, MS Co. reached an agreement in principle with
the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and the United States Attorney s Office for the Northern District of California, Civil Division (collectively, the  Civil Division ) to pay $2.6 billion to resolve certain claims
that the Civil Division indicated it intended to bring against MS Co. That settlement was finalized on February 10, 2016.  
      - 26 -  

Table of Contents  

  On April 1, 2016, the California Attorney General s Office filed an
action against MS Co. and certain affiliates in California state court styled  California v. Morgan Stanley, et al. , on behalf of California investors, including the California Public Employees  Retirement System and the California
Teachers  Retirement System. The complaint alleges that MS Co. made misrepresentations and omissions regarding RMBS and notes issued by the Cheyne SIV, and asserts violations of the California False Claims Act and other state laws and seeks
treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement, and injunctive relief. On July 20, 2016, MS Co. filed a demurrer, which was granted on September 30, 2016. On October 21, 2016, the California Attorney General filed an amended
complaint.    In October 2014, the Illinois Attorney General s Office ( ILAG ) sent a letter to
MS Co. alleging that MS Co. knowingly made misrepresentations related to RMBS purchased by certain pension funds affiliated with the State of Illinois and demanding that MS Co. pay ILAG approximately $88 million. MS Co. and ILAG
reached an agreement to resolve the matter on February 10, 2016.    On January 13, 2015, the New York Attorney
General s Office ( NYAG ), which is also a member of the RMBS Working Group, indicated that it intended to file a lawsuit related to approximately 30 subprime securitizations sponsored by MS Co. NYAG indicated that the lawsuit
would allege that MS Co. misrepresented or omitted material information related to the due diligence, underwriting and valuation of the loans in the securitizations and the properties securing them and indicated that its lawsuit would be brought
under the Martin Act. MS Co. and NYAG reached an agreement to resolve the matter on February 10, 2016.    On
June 5, 2012, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an Order Instituting Proceedings Pursuant to Sections 6(c) and 6(d) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, Making Findings and Imposing Remedial Sanctions by The Commodity
Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) to resolve allegations related to the failure of a salesperson to comply with exchange rules that prohibit off-exchange futures transactions unless there is an Exchange for Related Position ( EFRP ).
Specifically, the CFTC found that from April 2008 through October 2009, MS Co. violated Section 4c(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the  CEA ) and CFTC Regulation 1.38 by executing, processing and reporting numerous
off-exchange futures trades to the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ( CME ) and Chicago Board of Trade ( CBOT ) as EFRPs in violation of CME and CBOT rules because those trades lacked the corresponding and related cash, OTC swap, OTC
option, or other OTC derivative position. In addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 166.3 by failing to supervise the handling of the trades at issue and failing to have adequate policies and procedures designed to detect
and deter the violations of the CEA and CFTC Regulations. Without admitting or denying the underlying allegations and without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to entry of findings and the imposition of a
cease and desist order, a fine of $5,000,000, and undertakings related to public statements, cooperation and payment of the fine. MS Co. entered into corresponding and related settlements with the CME and CBOT in which the CME found that
MS Co. violated CME Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $750,000 and CBOT found that MS Co. violated CBOT Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $1,000,000.  
 On July 23, 2014, the SEC approved a settlement by MS Co. and certain affiliates to resolve an investigation related
to certain subprime RMBS transactions sponsored and underwritten by those entities in 2007. Pursuant to the settlement, MS Co. and certain affiliates were charged with violating Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the  Securities Act ), agreed to pay disgorgement and penalties in an amount of $275 million and neither admitted nor denied the SEC s findings.  
 On April 21, 2015, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ( CBOE ) and the CBOE Futures Exchange, LLC
( CFE ) filed statements of charges against MS Co. in connection with trading by one of MS Co. s former traders of EEM options contracts that allegedly disrupted the final settlement price of the November 2012 VXEM
futures. CBOE alleged that MS Co. violated CBOE Rules 4.1, 4.2 and 4.7, Sections 9(a) and 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. CFE alleged that MS Co. violated CFE Rules 608, 609 and 620. The matters were
resolved on June 28, 2016 without any findings of fraud.  
      - 27 -  

Table of Contents  

  On June 18, 2015, MS Co. entered into a settlement with the SEC and paid
a fine of $500,000 as part of the MCDC Initiative to resolve allegations that MS Co. failed to form a reasonable basis through adequate due diligence for believing the truthfulness of the assertions by issuers and/or obligors regarding their
compliance with previous continuing disclosure undertakings pursuant to Rule 15c2-12 in connection with offerings in which MS Co. acted as senior or sole underwriter. 
 On August 6, 2015, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an order by the CFTC to resolve allegations that
MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 22.9(a) by failing to hold sufficient US Dollars in cleared swap segregated accounts in the United States to meet all US Dollar obligations to cleared swaps customers. Specifically, the CFTC found that while
MS Co. at all times held sufficient funds in segregation to cover its obligations to its customers, on certain days during 2013 and 2014, it held currencies, such as euros, instead of US dollars, to meet its US dollar obligations. In
addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 166.3 by failing to have in place adequate procedures to ensure that it complied with CFTC Regulation 22.9(a). Without admitting or denying the findings or conclusions and
without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to the entry of findings, the imposition of a cease and desist order, a civil monetary penalty of $300,000, and undertakings related to public statements,
cooperation, and payment of the monetary penalty.      Civil Litigation    
 On December 23, 2009, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle filed a complaint against MS Co. and another
defendant in the Superior Court of the State of Washington, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  The amended complaint, filed on September 28, 2010, alleges that defendants made
untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by
MS Co. was approximately $233 million. The complaint raises claims under the Washington State Securities Act and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates By orders dated June
23, 2011 and July 18, 2011, the court denied defendants  omnibus motion to dismiss plaintiff s amended complaint and on August 15, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s individual motion to dismiss the amended
complaint. On March 7, 2013, the court granted defendants  motion to strike plaintiff s demand for a jury trial. The defendants  joint motions for partial summary judgment were denied on November 9, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $43 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information,
MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $43 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre-
and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants
in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. et al.  An amended complaint, filed on June 10, 2010, alleges that defendants made untrue
statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to
plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $276 million. The complaint raises claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such
certificates. On August 11, 2011, plaintiff s federal securities law claims were dismissed with prejudice. On February 9, 2012, defendants  demurrers with respect to all other claims were overruled. On December 20,
2013, plaintiff s negligent misrepresentation claims were dismissed with prejudice. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in these cases was approximately $52 million, and the
certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $2 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss for this action up to the difference between the $55 million unpaid balance of these
certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these
losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
      - 28 -  

Table of Contents  

  On July 15, 2010, China Development Industrial Bank ( CDIB ) filed
a complaint against MS Co., styled  China Development Industrial Bank v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated et al ., which is pending in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County ( Supreme Court of NY ).
The complaint relates to a $275 million credit default swap referencing the super senior portion of the STACK 2006-1 CDO. The complaint asserts claims for common law fraud, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment and alleges that
MS Co. misrepresented the risks of the STACK 2006-1 CDO to CDIB, and that MS Co. knew that the assets backing the CDO were of poor quality when it entered into the credit default swap with CDIB. The complaint seeks compensatory damages
related to the approximately $228 million that CDIB alleges it has already lost under the credit default swap, rescission of CDIB s obligation to pay an additional $12 million, punitive damages, equitable relief, fees and costs. On
February 28, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss of up to approximately $240 million plus pre- and post-judgment interest,
fees and costs.    On October 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago filed a complaint against
MS Co. and other defendants in the Circuit Court of the State of Illinois, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago v. Bank of America Funding Corporation et al.  A corrected amended complaint was filed on
April 8, 2011, which alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage
loans and asserts claims under Illinois law. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. at issue in the action was approximately $203 million. The complaint seeks, among other things, to
rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the corrected amended complaint on May 27, 2011, which was denied on September 19, 2012. On December 13, 2013, the court entered
an order dismissing all claims related to one of the securitizations at issue. After that dismissal, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $78 million. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $48 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information,
MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $48 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre-
and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On April 20, 2011, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the
Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston v. Ally Financial, Inc. F/K/A GMAC LLC et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012 and alleges that defendants made untrue statements
and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff
by MS Co. was approximately $385 million. The amended complaint raises claims under the Massachusetts Uniform Securities Act, the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Act and common law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s
purchase of such certificates. On May 26, 2011, defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The defendants  motions to dismiss the amended complaint were granted in part and denied in
part on September 30, 2013. On November 25, 2013, July 16, 2014, and May 19, 2015, respectively, the plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its claims against MS Co. with respect to three of the securitizations at issue. After these
voluntary dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $332 million. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through
certificates at issue in this action was approximately $52 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference
between the $52 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may
be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment. 
      - 29 -  

Table of Contents  

  On May 3, 2013, plaintiffs in  Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank AG et
al. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co., certain affiliates, and other defendants in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to
plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff currently at
issue in this action was approximately $644 million. The complaint alleges causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and rescission and seeks, among
other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On June 10, 2014, the court granted in part and denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. MS Co. perfected its appeal from that decision on June 12, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $252 million, and the certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $85 million. Based on currently
available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $252 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment
against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses.  
 On May 17, 2013, plaintiff in  IKB International S.A. in Liquidation, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  filed a
complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $132 million. The complaint alleges causes of action
against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation, and seeks, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On October 29, 2014, the court granted in part and
denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss. All claims regarding four certificates were dismissed. After these dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was
approximately $116 million. On August 26, 2015, MS Co. perfected its appeal from the court s October 29, 2014 decision. On August 11, 2016, the Appellate Division, First Department affirmed the trial court s decision
denying in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $26 million, and the certificates had
incurred actual losses of $58 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $26 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses
incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for
interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.      Settled Civil Litigation    
 On August 25, 2008, MS Co. and two ratings agencies were named as defendants in a purported class action related to
securities issued by a structured investment vehicle called Cheyne Finance PLC and Cheyne Finance LLC (together, the  Cheyne SIV ). The case was styled  Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, et al. v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al. 
The complaint alleged, among other things, that the ratings assigned to the securities issued by the Cheyne SIV were false and misleading, including because the ratings did not accurately reflect the risks associated with the subprime RMBS held by
the Cheyne SIV. The plaintiffs asserted allegations of aiding and abetting fraud and negligent misrepresentation relating to approximately $852 million of securities issued by the Cheyne SIV. On April 24, 2013, the parties reached an agreement
to settle the case, and on April 26, 2013, the court dismissed the action with prejudice.  
      - 30 -  

Table of Contents  

  On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, et al . An amended complaint filed on
June 10, 2010 alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential
mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $704 million. The complaint raised claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and sought, among other things, to
rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On January 26, 2015, as a result of a settlement with certain other defendants, the plaintiff requested and the court subsequently entered a dismissal with prejudice of certain of
the plaintiff s claims, including all remaining claims against MS Co.    On July 9, 2010 and February 11,
2011, Cambridge Place Investment Management Inc. filed two separate complaints against MS Co. and/or its affiliates and other defendants in the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, both styled  Cambridge Place
Investment Management Inc. v. Morgan Stanley   Co., Inc., et al.  The complaints asserted claims on behalf of certain clients of plaintiff s affiliates and allege that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in
the sale of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. and/or its affiliates or sold to
plaintiff s affiliates  clients by MS Co. and/or its affiliates in the two matters was approximately $263 million. On February 11, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On February 20,
2014, the court dismissed the action.    On October 25, 2010, MS Co., certain affiliates and Pinnacle Performance
Limited, a special purpose vehicle ( SPV ), were named as defendants in a purported class action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York ( SDNY ), styled  Ge Dandong, et al. v. Pinnacle
Performance Ltd., et al.  On January 31, 2014, the plaintiffs in the action, which related to securities issued by the SPV in Singapore, filed a second amended complaint, which asserted common law claims of fraud, aiding and abetting fraud,
fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraudulent inducement, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. On July 17, 2014, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, which received final court
approval on July 2, 2015.    On July 5, 2011, Allstate Insurance Company and certain of its affiliated entities
filed a complaint against MS Co. in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Allstate Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al . An amended complaint was filed on September 9, 2011, and alleges that the defendants made untrue
statements and material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued and/or sold to the
plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $104 million. The complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation and seeks, among other things, compensatory and/or
recessionary damages associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On January 16, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
 On July 18, 2011, the Western and Southern Life Insurance Company and certain affiliated companies filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Court of Common Pleas in Ohio, styled  Western and Southern Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Inc., et al . An amended complaint was filed
on April 2, 2012 and alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount
of the certificates allegedly sold to plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $153 million. On June 8, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
      - 31 -  

Table of Contents  

  On September 2, 2011, the Federal Housing Finance Agency ( FHFA ),
as conservator for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, filed 17 complaints against numerous financial services companies, including MS Co. and certain affiliates. A complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates and other defendants was filed
in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Federal Housing Finance Agency, as Conservator v. Morgan Stanley et al . The complaint alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac of residential mortgage pass-through certificates with an original unpaid balance of approximately $11 billion. The complaint raised claims under federal and state securities laws and common law and seeks, among other things,
rescission and compensatory and punitive damages. On February 7, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On February 20, 2014, the court dismissed the action.  
 On April 25, 2012, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and certain affiliates filed a complaint against MS Co. and
certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012, and alleges that the defendants made untrue statements and
material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten, and/or sold by
MS Co. was approximately $758 million. The amended complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, and aiding and abetting fraud and seeks, among other things, rescission, compensatory, and/or rescissionary damages, as well
as punitive damages, associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On April 11, 2014, the parties entered into a settlement agreement.  
 On April 25, 2012, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain affiliates filed a complaint against
MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey, styled  The Prudential Insurance Company of America, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  On October 16, 2012, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. The
amended complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans.
The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. was approximately $1.073 billion. The amended complaint raises claims under the New Jersey Uniform Securities Law, as well as common law claims of negligent
misrepresentation, fraud, fraudulent inducement, equitable fraud, aiding and abetting fraud, and violations of the New Jersey RICO statute, and includes a claim for treble damages. On January 8, 2016, the parties reached an agreement to settle
the litigation.     In re Morgan Stanley Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Litigation , which had been pending in the
SDNY, was a putative class action involving allegations that, among other things, the registration statements and offering documents related to the offerings of certain mortgage pass-through certificates in 2006 and 2007 contained false and
misleading information concerning the pools of residential loans that backed these securitizations. On December 18, 2014, the parties  agreement to settle the litigation received final court approval, and on December 19, 2014, the
court entered an order dismissing the action.   On November 4, 2011, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
( FDIC ), as receiver for Franklin Bank S.S.B, filed two complaints against MS Co. in the District Court of the State of Texas. Each was styled  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as Receiver for Franklin Bank, S.S.B v. Morgan
Stanley   Company LLC F/K/A Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc.  and alleged that MS Co. made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly underwritten and sold to plaintiff by MS Co. in these cases was approximately $67 million and $35 million, respectively. On July 2, 2015, the
parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.    On February 14, 2013, Bank Hapoalim B.M. filed a complaint
against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Bank Hapoalim B.M. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of
certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $141
million. On July 28, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, and on August 12, 2015, the plaintiff filed a stipulation of discontinuance with prejudice.  
      - 32 -  

Table of Contents  

  On September 23, 2013, the plaintiff in  National Credit Union
Administration Board v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the SDNY. The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements of material fact or omitted to state
material facts in the sale to the plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates issued by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by
MS Co. to plaintiffs in the matter was approximately $417 million. The complaint alleged violations of federal and various state securities laws and sought, among other things, rescissionary and compensatory damages. On November 23, 2015,
the parties reached an agreement to settle the matter.    On September 16, 2014, the Virginia Attorney General s
Office filed a civil lawsuit, styled  Commonwealth of Virginia ex rel. Integra REC LLC v. Barclays Capital Inc., et al. , against MS Co. and several other defendants in the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond related to RMBS. The lawsuit
alleged that MS Co. and the other defendants knowingly made misrepresentations and omissions related to the loans backing RMBS purchased by the Virginia Retirement System. The complaint asserts claims under the Virginia Fraud Against Taxpayers
Act, as well as common law claims of actual and constructive fraud, and seeks, among other things, treble damages and civil penalties. On January 6, 2016, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation. An order dismissing the action
with prejudice was entered on January 28, 2016.    Additional lawsuits containing claims similar to those described
above may be filed in the future. In the course of its business, MS Co., as a major futures commission merchant, is party to various civil actions, claims and routine regulatory investigations and proceedings that the General Partner believes do
not have a material effect on the business of MS Co. MS Co. may establish reserves from time to time in connection with such actions.  
      - 33 -  

Table of Contents  

     Item 1A.  Risk Factors   
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the
Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and under Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the Partnership s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June
30, 2016.       Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 The public offering of the Units terminated on December 1, 2008.  
 The following chart sets forth the purchases of Units by the Partnership.  

* 
   Generally, limited partners are permitted to redeem their Units as of the end of each month on three business
days  notice to the General Partner. Under certain circumstances, the General Partner can compel redemption, although to date, the General Partner has not exercised this right. Purchases of Units by the Partnership reflected in the chart above
were made in the ordinary course of the Partnership s business in connection with effecting redemptions for limited partners.         

** 
   Redemptions of Units are effected as of the last day of each month at the net asset value per Unit as of that
day.          Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities        None  .    
    Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures          Not applicable  .    
    Item 5.  Other Information          None  .    
      - 34 -  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6.  Exhibits   

31.01 
    
   Certification of President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the General Partner of the Partnership, pursuant to
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.02 
    
   Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the General Partner of the Partnership,
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.01 
    
   Certification of President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the General Partner of the Partnership, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.02 
    
   Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the General Partner of the Partnership,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    

101.INS* 
   
 XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH* 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL* 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.LAB* 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Document  

101.PRE* 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Document  

101.DEF* 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document  
    Notes to Exhibits List   
 *Submitted electronically herewith.  
      - 35 -  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY CHARTER ASPECT L.P.    

By:  
   
    Ceres Managed Futures LLC   

(General Partner)  
 
       By:  
   
        /s/ Patrick
T. Egan   

Patrick T. Egan   

President and Director   
 
       Date: November 10,
2016   
 
       By:  
   
        /s/ Steven
Ross   

Steven Ross   

Chief Financial Officer and Director   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   
 
       Date: November 10, 2016   
 
      - 36 -  

<EX-31.01>
 2
 d259568dex3101.htm
 EX-31.01

EX-31.01 

Exhibit 31.01   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I,
Patrick T. Egan, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.;

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Patrick T. Egan   
 
     Patrick T. Egan   
 
     Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
   President and Director   

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 d259568dex3102.htm
 EX-31.02

EX-31.02 

Exhibit 31.02   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Steven
Ross, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P.;

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Steven Ross   
 
     Steven Ross   
 
     Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
 
     Chief Financial Officer and Director   

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 d259568dex3201.htm
 EX-32.01

EX-32.01 

Exhibit 32.01   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P. (the  Partnership ) on
Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Patrick T. Egan, President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and         

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership.         

/s/ Patrick T. Egan   
 
     Patrick T. Egan   
 
     Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
   President and Director   

Date: November 10, 2016   

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 d259568dex3202.htm
 EX-32.02

EX-32.02 

Exhibit 32.02   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Charter Aspect L.P. (the  Partnership ) on
Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Steven Ross, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and         

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership.         

/s/ Steven Ross   
 
 Steven Ross  
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC  
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director  

Date: November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mscd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mscd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mscd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mscd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mscd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mscd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

