<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1579252_0001579252-16-000224_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7990502</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141149</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1381596</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2416000</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2911722</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1002814</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001579252-16-000224.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104160628
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001579252-16-000224
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jason Industries, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001579252
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES [3990]
		IRS NUMBER:				462888322
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36051
		FILM NUMBER:		161975236

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		833 EAST MICHIGAN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		414-277-9300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		833 EAST MICHIGAN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Quinpario Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130613

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001579252-16-000224.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 jasonindustriesq3201610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
    
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
      QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the transition period from  __________ to __________  
    
  Commission File Number: 001-36051 
  
     JASON INDUSTRIES, INC.  
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
      
    46-2888322 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:    (414) 277-9300 
    
  Not Applicable 
  (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes       No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes       No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                   Large accelerated filer     
      
    Accelerated filer     
      Non-accelerated filer     
      
    Smaller reporting company     
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes        No     
    
  As of   October 30, 2016  , there were   22,395,705   shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding.  

JASON INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
         
               PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
    2 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
      
    2 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
      
    21 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
      
    38 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
      
    38 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
      
    40 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
      
    40 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
      
    40 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  
      
    40 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  
      
    40 

1 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
  (In thousands) (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity 
  (In thousands) (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

1. 
    Description of Business and Basis of Presentation 

Description of Business 
  Jason   Industries, Inc. ( Jason Industries ), including its subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company ), is a global industrial manufacturing company with   four   reportable segments: seating, finishing, acoustics, and components. The segments have operations within the United States and   14   foreign countries. Through these segments, the Company is a global or domestic leader in a number of product categories. The Company is a leading producer of seating for the motorcycle and off-road vehicle sectors, and a leading supplier of static seats to the commercial and residential lawn/turf sector. The Company is also a producer of non-woven acoustical fiber insulation for the automotive sector and a manufacturer of industrial consumables (brushes, buffing wheels and buffing compounds) and abrasives. The Company also manufactures precision components, expanded and perforated metal, and slip-resistant walking surfaces. 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial reporting and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations, although the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. For additional information, including the Company s significant accounting policies, these condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  The Company s fiscal year ends on   December 31  . Throughout the year, the Company reports its results using a fiscal calendar whereby each three month quarterly reporting period is approximately thirteen weeks in length, ending on a Friday. The exceptions are the first quarter, which begins on   January 1  , and the   fourth   quarter, which ends on   December 31  . For   2016  , the Company s fiscal quarters are comprised of the three months ending   April 1  ,   July 1  ,   September 30   and   December 31  . In   2015  , the Company s fiscal quarters were comprised of the three months ended   March 27  ,   June 26  ,   September 25   and   December 31  . 
  In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair statement of financial results have been made. Such adjustments consist of only those of a normal recurring nature. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire fiscal year. 
  Recently issued accounting standards 
  In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-03,    Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs    ( ASU 2015-03 ). This standard requires the presentation of debt issuance costs in the balance sheet as a deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability instead of as a deferred charge. The standard does not affect the recognition and measurement of debt issuance costs; therefore, the amortization of such costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. For public entities, ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The new guidance is to be applied on a retrospective basis to all prior periods. The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 effective April 1, 2016. Accordingly,   $9.1 million   of debt issuance costs, previously included within other long-term assets, have been reclassified as a reduction of long-term debt on the December 31, 2015 condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,    Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line of Credit Arrangements    ( ASU 2015-15 ). ASU 2015-15 indicates that previously issued guidance did not address presentation or subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line of credit arrangements. Given the absence of authoritative guidance, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) staff has indicated that they would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as assets and amortizing the deferred costs ratably over the term of the line of credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line of credit arrangement. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company adopted ASU 2015-15 effective April 1, 2016. There was no impact to previously reported condensed consolidated statements of operations, condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, condensed consolidated balance sheets, or condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
  
   7 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718):     Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   ( ASU 2016-09 ). This standard simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including recognition of income tax consequences of stock compensation, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, accounting for forfeitures, and classification on the statement of cash flows. For public entities, ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permissible in any interim or annual period. The Company early adopted ASU 2016-09 effective April 1, 2016. As a result of the adoption, there was an impact of   $0.2 million   and   $0.7 million   to the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , respectively, which resulted in the minimum tax withholding requirements for share vesting to be reclassified as a cash outflow from operating activities to a cash outflow from financing activities. There was no impact to reported condensed consolidated statements of operations, condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss) income, or condensed consolidated balance sheets for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  . 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,    Revenue From Contracts With Customers   , that outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The ASU is based on the principle that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to fulfill a contract. Entities have the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach for the adoption of the new standard. On July 9, 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date of this ASU by one year to December 15, 2017, for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after that date and permitted early adoption of the standard, but not before the original effective date of December 15, 2016. The ASU becomes effective for the Company at the beginning of its 2018 fiscal year.  In fiscal 2016, the FASB issued several ASU s related to ASU No. 2014-09, which simplify and provide additional guidance to companies for implementation of the standard.  The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard and subsequent clarifications will have on its consolidated financial statements.  
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,    Leases (Topic 842)   , which establishes new accounting and disclosure requirements for leases.  The ASU requires lessees to classify most leases as either finance or operating leases and to initially recognize a lease liability and right-of-use asset. Entities may elect to account for certain short-term leases (with a term of 12 months or less) using a method similar to the current operating lease model. The statements of operations will include, for finance leases, separate recognition of interest on the lease liability and amortization of the right-of use asset and for operating leases, a single lease cost, calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term on a straight-line basis. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those annual reporting periods, with early adoption permitted. The ASU must be applied using a modified retrospective approach, which requires recognition and measurement of leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15    Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments   , which provides guidance on eight specific cash flow classification issues. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
                 2. 
    Acquisitions 

DRONCO GmbH ( DRONCO ) 
  On May 29, 2015, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of DRONCO. DRONCO is a European manufacturer of bonded abrasives. These abrasives are being manufactured and distributed by the finishing segment. The Company paid cash consideration of   $34.4 million  , net of cash acquired, and, pursuant to the transaction, assumed certain liabilities. The related purchase agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants between the named parties. 
  The operating results and cash flows of DRONCO are included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition. During the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   $9.6 million   and   $30.5 million   of net sales from DRONCO were included in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations,  
  
   8 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

respectively. Pro forma historical results of operations related to the acquisition of DRONCO have not been presented as they are not material to the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
  Herold Partco Manufacturing, Inc. 
  On   March 25, 2015  , the Company acquired Herold Partco Manufacturing, Inc. for   $0.4 million  . Herold Partco Manufacturing, Inc. is a Cleveland-based manufacturer of industrial brushes. These brushes are now manufactured and distributed by the finishing segment and sold under the Osborn brand name. The acquisition of Herold Partco Manufacturing, Inc. was not material to the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   
                 3. 
    Restructuring Costs 

On March 1, 2016, as part of a strategic review of organizational structure and operations, the Company announced a global cost reduction and restructuring program (the  2016 program ). The 2016 program, as used herein, refers to costs related to various restructuring activities across business segments. This includes entering into severance and termination agreements with employees and footprint rationalization activities, including exit and relocation costs for the consolidation and closure of plant facilities and lease termination costs. These activities will be ongoing during 2016 and are expected to be completed in 2017. 
  In 2015, the Company incurred certain restructuring costs related to changes to its worldwide manufacturing footprint. These actions resulted in charges relating to employee severance and other related charges, such as exit costs for the consolidation and closure of plant facilities, employee relocation and lease termination costs. These costs related to decisions that preceded the 2016 program and are therefore not considered to be part of such plan.  The Company did not incur any material charges related to the 2015 restructuring activities for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . No additional costs are expected for the 2015 restructuring activities.   
  The following table presents the restructuring costs recognized by the Company under the 2016 program.  The 2016 program began in the first quarter of 2016 and as such, the restructuring charges for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   represent the cumulative charges incurred since the inception of the 2016 program.  Based on the announced restructuring actions to date, the Company expects to incur a total of approximately   $10 million   under the 2016 program.  These restructuring costs are presented separately on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

9 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

The following table represents the restructuring liabilities, including both the 2016 program and previous activities: 

The accruals for severance presented above are expected to be paid during the next twelve months and are recorded within other current liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the accrual for lease termination costs of   $0.3 million   related to restructuring costs within the acoustics segment due to the 2015 closure of the Norwalk facility and restructuring costs associated with a 2016 lease termination in the finishing segment. At   December 31, 2015  , accruals for lease termination costs of $  0.3 million   were recorded within other long-term liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , accruals for lease termination costs of $  0.3 million   and $  0.7 million  , respectively, were recorded within other current liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
   
                 4. 
    Inventories 

Inventories consisted of the following:   

5. 
    Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reporting segment were as follows:   

10 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

The Company s other intangible assets - net consisted of the following:   

6. 
    Debt and Hedging Instruments 

The Company s debt consisted of the following:   
      
  Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s U.S. credit facility (the  Senior Secured Credit Facilities ) included (i) term loans in an aggregate principal amount of   $303.8 million   ( First Lien Term Loans ) maturing in 2021, (ii) term loans in an aggregate principal amount of   $110.0 million   ( Second Lien Term Loans ) maturing in 2022, and (iii) a revolving loan of up to   $40.0 million   ( Revolving Credit Facility ) maturing in 2019. 
  The principal amount of the First Lien Term Loans amortizes in quarterly installments equal to   $0.8 million  , with the balance payable at maturity. At the Company s election, the interest rate per annum applicable to the loans under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities is based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to either (i) a base rate determined by reference to the higher of (a) the  prime rate  of Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, (b) the federal funds effective rate plus   0.50%   or (c) the Eurocurrency rate applicable for an interest period of one month plus   1.00%  , plus an applicable margin equal to (x)   3.50%   in the case of the First Lien Term Loans, (y)   2.25%   in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility or (z)   7.00%   in the case of the Second Lien Term Loans or (ii) a Eurocurrency rate determined by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ), adjusted for statutory reserve requirements, plus an applicable margin equal to (x)   4.50%   in the case of the First Lien Term Loans, (y)   3.25%   in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility or (z)   8.00%   in the case of the Second Lien Term Loans. Borrowings under the First Lien Term Facility and Second Lien Term Facility are subject to a floor of   1.00%   in the case of Eurocurrency loans. The applicable margin for loans under the Revolving Credit Facility may be subject to adjustment based upon Jason Incorporated s (an indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Company) consolidated first lien net leverage ratio. 
  Under the Revolving Credit Facility, if the aggregate outstanding amount of all Revolving Loans, swingline loans and certain letter of credit obligations exceeds   25 percent  , or   $10.0 million  , of the revolving credit commitments at the end of any fiscal quarter, Jason Incorporated and its restricted subsidiaries will be required to not exceed a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio, currently specified at   5.25   to   1.00  , with a periodic decrease to   4.50   to   1.00   on   December 31, 2017   and remaining at that level thereafter. If such outstanding amounts do not exceed   25 percent   of the revolving credit commitments at the end of any fiscal quarter, no financial covenants are applicable.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , the interest rates on the outstanding balances of the First Lien Term Loans and Second Lien Term Loans were   5.5%   and   9.0%  , respectively. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a total of   $34.9 million   of availability  
  
   11 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

for additional borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility since the Company had   no   outstanding borrowings and letters of credit outstanding of   $5.1 million  , which reduce availability under the facility.  
  Foreign debt 
  The Company has the following foreign debt obligations, including various overdraft facilities and term loans: 

These various foreign debt obligations are comprised of individual outstanding obligations ranging from approximately   $0.1 million   to   $13.5 million   and   $0.1 million   to   $13.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Certain of the Company s foreign borrowings contain financial covenants requiring maintenance of a minimum equity ratio and maximum leverage ratio, among others. 
  In connection with the acquisition of DRONCO, the Company assumed   $11.0 million   of debt comprised of term loan borrowings totaling   $8.5 million   and revolving line of credit borrowings totaling   $2.5 million  . Borrowings bear interest at fixed and variable rates ranging from   2.3%   to   4.6%   and are subject to repayment in varying amounts through 2030. During the third quarter of 2015, the Company entered into a new   $13.5 million   term loan in Germany. Borrowings bear interest at a fixed rate of   2.25%   and are subject to repayment in equal quarterly amounts of approximately   $0.4 million   beginning September 30, 2017 through June 30, 2025. 
  Interest Rate Hedge Contracts 
  To manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, the Company entered into forward starting interest rate swap agreements ( Swaps ) in 2015 with notional values totaling   $210.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The Swaps have been designated by the Company as cash flow hedges, and effectively fix the variable portion of interest rates on variable rate term loan borrowings at a rate of approximately   2.08%   prior to financing spreads and related fees. The Swaps have a forward start date of December 30, 2016 and have an expiration date of June 30, 2020. The fair values of the Swaps totaled   $5.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $0.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $1.3 million   was recorded in other current liabilities and   $4.0 million   was recorded in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2015,   $0.3 million   was recorded in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. In 2015 and in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , there was   no   interest expense recognized. The Company will begin recognizing interest expense related to the interest rate hedge contracts in 2017. 
   
                 7. 
    Share-Based Compensation 

In 2014, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors approved an initial grant under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  2014 Plan ) to certain executive officers, senior management employees, and members of the Board of Directors. The Company recognizes compensation expense based on estimated grant date fair values for all share-based awards issued to employees and directors, including restricted stock units ( RSUs ) and performance share units, which are restricted stock units with vesting conditions contingent upon achieving certain performance goals. Share based compensation expense is reported in selling and administrative expenses in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
  There were   3,473,435   shares of common stock reserved and authorized for issuance under the 2014 Plan. At   September 30, 2016  ,   272,305   shares of common stock remain authorized and available for future grants. 
  
   12 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

The Company recognized the following share-based compensation expense (income):    

  As of   September 30, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based compensation awards was approximately   $2.6 million  , which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted average period of approximately   1.8 years  . 
  The following table sets forth the restricted and performance share unit activity:    

  Restricted Stock Units 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $1.5 million   of unrecognized share-based compensation expense, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.5   years. In connection with the vesting of RSUs previously issued by the Company, a number of shares sufficient to fund statutory minimum tax withholding requirements was withheld from the total shares issued or released to the award holder (under the terms of the 2014 Plan, the shares are considered to have been issued and are not added back to the pool of shares available for grant). During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   41,181   shares were withheld to satisfy the requirement. The withholding is treated as a reduction in additional paid-in capital in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of shareholders  equity. 
  Performance Share Units 
  Adjusted EBITDA Vesting Awards 
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company lowered its estimated vesting of Adjusted EBITDA based performance share unit awards with a   three   year measurement period ending June 30, 2017 from   62.5%   of target, or   301,382   shares, to an estimated vesting of   0%   of target, or   0   shares. As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   no   unrecognized compensation expense related to cumulative Adjusted EBITDA based vesting performance share unit awards expected to be recognized in subsequent periods.  
  
   13 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

Stock Price Vesting Awards 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was an immaterial amount of unrecognized compensation expense related to stock price based performance share unit awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of   0.6   years.  
  ROIC Vesting Awards 
  In the first and second quarters of 2016, the Company granted performance share unit awards based on achievement of an average return on invested capital ( ROIC ) performance target during a three year measurement period ending on December 31, 2018. Performance share unit awards based on ROIC performance metrics are payable at the end of their respective performance period in common stock. The number of share units awarded can range from   zero   to   150%   depending on achievement of a targeted performance metric, and are payable in common stock within a thirty day period following the end of the performance period. The Company expenses the cost of the performance-based share unit awards based on the fair value of the awards at the date of grant and the estimated achievement of the performance metric, ratably over the performance period of three years. 
  Compensation expense for ROIC based performance share unit awards is currently being recognized based on an estimated payout of   100.0%   of target or   366,557   shares. As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $1.1 million   of unrecognized compensation expense related to ROIC based vesting performance share unit awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of   2.3   years. 
   
                 8. 
    Earnings per Share 

Basic income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) attributable to Jason Industries  common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. In computing dilutive income (loss) per share, basic income (loss) per share is adjusted for the assumed issuance of all potentially dilutive share-based awards, including public warrants, RSUs, performance share units, convertible preferred stock, and certain  Rollover Shares  of JPHI Holdings Inc. ( JPHI ), a majority owned subsidiary of the Company, convertible into shares of Jason Industries. Such Rollover Shares were contributed by former owners and management of Jason Partners Holdings Inc. prior to the Company s acquisition of JPHI. Public warrants ( warrants ) consist of warrants to purchase shares of Jason Industries common stock which are quoted on Nasdaq under the symbol  JASNW.  
  
   14 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

The reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic and diluted loss per share calculation and the anti-dilutive shares was as follows:   

  Warrants are considered anti-dilutive and excluded when the exercise price exceeds the average market value of the Company s common stock price during the applicable period. Performance share units are considered anti-dilutive if the performance targets upon which the issuance of the shares are contingent have not been achieved and the respective performance period has not been completed as of the end of the current period. Due to losses available to the Company s common shareholders for each of the periods presented, potentially dilutive shares are excluded from the diluted net loss per share calculation because they were anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 260. 
   
                 9. 
    Income Taxes 

At the end of each three month period, the Company estimates a base effective tax rate expected for the full year based on the most recent forecast of its pre-tax income (loss), permanent book and tax differences, and global tax planning strategies. The Company uses this base rate to provide for income taxes on a year-to-date basis, excluding the effect of significant, unusual, discrete or extraordinary items, and items that are reported net of their related tax effects. The Company records the tax effect of significant, unusual, discrete or extraordinary items, and items that are reported net of their tax effects in the period in which they occur. 
  The effective income tax rate was   21.1%   and   36.4%   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , respectively. The effective tax rate was   13.9%   and   28.0%   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , respectively. The effective income tax rate for both 2016 and 2015 reflects the benefits of tax losses at the higher U.S. Federal statutory rate and taxable earnings derived in foreign jurisdictions with tax rates that are lower than the U.S. Federal statutory rate, and discrete items. The net discrete tax provision was   immaterial   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  .  The net discrete tax provision was   $2.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , with   $2.3 million   of the provision related to the change in assertion regarding the permanent reinvestment of earnings on our non-majority joint venture holding. Such change in assertion was driven by a re-evaluation of the joint venture partners during the second quarter of their willingness and ability of the entity to distribute excess cash balances given the maturity and stability of operations. The net discrete tax provision was also impacted during the second quarter by vesting and forfeiture of restricted stock units for which no tax benefit will be realized. The net discrete tax provision was   immaterial   for the   three months ended     September 25, 2015  .  The net discrete tax provision for the   nine months ended     September 25, 2015   was impacted by   $0.3  
  
   15 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

million   due to the vesting of restricted stock units for which no tax benefit will be realized and   $0.3 million   due to non-deductible transaction costs in foreign subsidiaries for which no tax benefit was recognized. 
  The amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was   $3.2 million   and   $2.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, of which   $1.7 million   and   $1.9 million  , respectively, would reduce the Company s effective tax rate if recognized. 
  During the next twelve months, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by   $1.2 million  . The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to tax matters in its tax provision. The Company has an immaterial amount of accrued interest and penalties that were recognized as a component of the income tax provision at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

The changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015   were as follows:   

  The Company has not reclassified any amounts from accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings for either the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   or   September 25, 2015  . 
  Series A Preferred Stock Dividends 
  The Company paid the following dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a liability recorded of   $0.9 million   for a dividend of   $20.00   per share which was paid on   October 1, 2016   to holders of record on   August 15, 2016  .  
  Shareholder Rights Agreement 
  On September 12, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors adopted a Shareholder Rights Agreement (the  Rights Agreement ) between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, as rights agent.  Pursuant to the Rights Agreement, the Company declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right (a  Right ) for each outstanding share of the Company s common stock, payable to the shareholders of record on September 16, 2016.  New Rights will accompany any new shares of common stock issued after September 16, 2016.  The Rights trade with and are inseparable from our common stock and will not be evidenced by separate certificates unless they become exercisable.  The Rights will expire on March 12, 2018.   

16 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

In general terms, the Rights Agreement works by imposing a significant penalty upon any person or group which acquires 30% or more of the Company s outstanding common stock without the approval of the Company s Board of Directors. 
  Each Right will allow its holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock for   $10.00  , subject to adjustment as set forth in the Rights Agreement, once the Rights become exercisable.  Per the Rights Agreement, the Rights will not be exercisable until the earlier of (1) 10 days after the public announcement that a person or group has become an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights Agreement) by obtaining beneficial ownership of   30%   or more of the Company s outstanding common stock or (2) 10 business days (or such later date as the Company s Board of Directors shall determine) following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group becoming an Acquiring Person.   
   
                 11. 
    Business Segments, Geographic and Customer Information 

The Company identifies its segments using the  management approach,  which designates the internal organization that is used by management for making operating decisions and assessing performance as the source of the Company s reportable segments. The Company has   four   reportable segments: seating, finishing, acoustics and components. 
  Net sales information relating to the Company s reportable segments was as follows:   

  The Company uses  Adjusted EBITDA  as the primary measure of profit or loss for the purposes of assessing the operating performance of its segments. The Company defines EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense, tax provision (benefit), depreciation and amortization. The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA, excluding the impact of operational restructuring charges and non-cash or non-operational losses or gains, including goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges, gains or losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment, integration and other operational restructuring charges, transactional legal fees, other professional fees, purchase accounting adjustments, and non-cash share based compensation expense. 
  Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides a clear picture of the Company s operating results by eliminating expenses and income that are not reflective of the underlying business performance. Certain corporate-level administrative expenses such as payroll and benefits, incentive compensation, travel, marketing, accounting, auditing and legal fees and certain other expenses are kept within its corporate results and are not allocated to its business segments. Shared expenses across the Company that directly relate to the performance of our   four   reportable segments are allocated to the segments.  Adjusted EBITDA is used to facilitate a comparison of the Company s operating performance on a consistent basis from period to period and to analyze the factors and trends affecting its segments. The Company s internal plans, budgets and forecasts use Adjusted EBITDA as a key metric. In addition, this measure is used to evaluate its operating performance and segment operating performance and to determine the level of incentive compensation paid to its employees. 
  As the Company uses Adjusted EBITDA as its primary measure of segment performance, GAAP on segment reporting requires the Company to include this measure in its discussion of segment operating results. The Company must also reconcile Adjusted EBITDA to operating results presented on a GAAP basis. 
  
   17 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

Adjusted EBITDA information relating to the Company s reportable segments is presented below followed by a reconciliation of total segment Adjusted EBITDA to consolidated income before taxes:      

   (1)     Prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current year s presentation. 
  Assets held by reportable segments were as follows:   

18 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

12. 
    Fair Value Measurements 

Fair value of financial instruments 
  Current accounting guidance defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. It also specifies a fair value hierarchy based upon the observability of inputs used in valuation techniques. Observable inputs (highest level) reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs (lowest level) reflect internally developed market assumptions. In accordance with the guidance, fair value measurements are classified under the following hierarchy:  
    
     Level 1   Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.  
             
    Level 2   Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs or significant value-drivers are observable in active markets.  
                
    Level 3   Model-derived valuations in which one or more significant inputs or significant value-drivers are unobservable.  
     Fair value measurements are classified according to the lowest level input or value-driver that is significant to the valuation. A measurement may therefore be classified within Level 3 even though there may be significant inputs that are readily observable. 
  The carrying amounts within the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. The Company assessed the amounts recorded under revolving loans, if any, and long-term debt and determined that the fair value of total debt was approximately   $400.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . As of   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of total debt was approximately   $403.3 million  . The Company considers the inputs related to these estimations to be Level 2 fair value measurements as they are primarily based on quoted prices for the Company s Senior Secured Credit Facility. 
  The valuation of the Company s derivative financial instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual term of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. The Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
   
                 13. 
    Commitments and Contingencies 

The Company is a party to various legal proceedings that have arisen in the normal course of its business. These legal proceedings typically include product liability, labor, and employment claims. The Company records reserves for loss contingencies based on the specific circumstances of each case. Such reserves are recorded when it is probable that a loss has been incurred as of the balance sheet date, can be reasonably estimated and is not covered by insurance. In the third quarter of   2016  , the Company received notification of certain employment matter claims filed in Brazil related to hiring practices within the Company s Finishing division. The Company is actively investigating such claims and gathering additional information in order to assess the total potential exposure related to this matter, including the potential of additional claims. Based on the facts presently known, the Company does not expect the resolution of these contingencies to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company held reserves of   $1.0 million   for environmental matters at one location. The ultimate cost of any remediation required will depend on the results of future investigation. Based upon available information, the Company believes that it has obtained and is in substantial compliance with those material environmental permits and approvals necessary to conduct its business. Based on the facts presently known, the Company does not expect environmental costs to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  
   19 

Jason Industries, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited)  

Subsequent to the end of the third quarter, the Company announced that it initiated a sale process of its Janesville Bavaria business in Sulzbach-Rosenberg, Germany within the acoustics segment and that it will close its Osborn International LTDA facility in S o Bernardo do Campo, Brazil within the finishing segment.  The Osborn International LTDA closure is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016.  Net sales for Janesville Bavaria were   $25.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  Net sales for Osborn International LTDA were   $4.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .   

20 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  
  Unless otherwise indicated, references to  Jason Industries,  the  Company,   we,   our  and  us  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q refer to Jason Industries, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
  This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the  safe harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Specifically, forward-looking statements may include statements relating to:  
             
    the Company s future financial performance; 
                
    changes in the market for the Company s products; 
                
    the Company s expansion plans and opportunities; and 
                
    other statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words  estimate,   plan,   project,   forecast,   intend,   expect,   anticipate,   believe,   seek,   target  or similar expressions. 
     These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this report and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company s views as of any subsequent date, and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.  
  As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the Company s actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include:  
             
    the level of demand for the Company s products; 
                
    competition in the Company s markets; 
                
    the Company s ability to grow and manage growth profitably; 
                
    the Company s ability to access additional capital; 
                
    changes in applicable laws or regulations; 
                
    the Company s ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 
                
    the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and 
                
    other risks and uncertainties indicated in this report, as well as those disclosed in the Company s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those discussed under  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
     Introductory Note 
  The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the Company should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , and related notes thereto, along with the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the Company s   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
  This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) contains certain financial measures, in particular the presentation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which are not presented in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures are being presented because they provide readers of this MD A with additional insight into the Company s operational performance relative to comparable prior periods presented and relative to its peer group. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are key measures used by the Company to evaluate its performance. The Company does not intend for these non-GAAP financial measures to be a substitute for any GAAP financial information. Readers of this MD A should use these non-GAAP financial measures only in conjunction with the comparable GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most comparable GAAP measure, are provided in this MD A. 
  
   21 

Fiscal Year 
  The Company s fiscal year ends on   December 31  . Throughout the year, the Company reports its results using a fiscal calendar whereby each three month quarterly reporting period is approximately thirteen weeks in length and ends on a Friday. The exceptions are the first quarter, which begins on   January 1  , and the   fourth   quarter, which ends on   December 31  . For   2016  , the Company s fiscal quarters are comprised of the three months ended   April 1,     July 1,     September 30  , and December 31. In   2015  , the Company s fiscal quarters were comprised of the three months ending   March 27,     June 26,     September 25,   and   December 31  . Throughout this MD A, we refer to the period from   July 2, 2016   through   September 30, 2016   as the    third   quarter of   2016    or the    third   quarter ended   September 30, 2016   . Similarly, we refer to the period from   June 27, 2015   through   September 25, 2015   as the    third   quarter of   2015    or the    third   quarter ended   September 25, 2015   . 
   
  Overview 
  Jason Industries is a global industrial manufacturing company with significant market share positions in each of its four segments: seating, finishing, acoustics and components. Jason Incorporated was founded in 1985 and today the Company provides critical components and manufacturing solutions to customers across a wide range of end markets, industries and geographies through its global network of 35 manufacturing facilities and 15 sales offices, warehouses and joint venture facilities throughout the United States and   14   foreign countries. 
  The Company focuses on markets with sustainable growth characteristics and where it is, or has the opportunity to become, the industry leader. The Company s seating segment supplies seating solutions to equipment manufacturers in the motorcycle, lawn and turf care, industrial, agricultural, construction and power sports end markets. The finishing segment focuses on the production of industrial brushes, buffing wheels, buffing compounds, and abrasives that are used in a broad range of industrial and infrastructure applications. The acoustics segment manufactures engineered non-woven, fiber-based acoustical products for the automotive industry. The components segment is a diversified manufacturer of stamped, formed, expanded and perforated metal components and subassemblies for rail and filtration applications, small gas engines and smart utility meters. 
  On May 29, 2015, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of DRONCO. DRONCO is a leading European manufacturer of bonded abrasives. These abrasives are being manufactured and distributed by the finishing segment. The Company paid cash consideration of   $34.4 million  , net of cash acquired, and, pursuant to the transaction, assumed certain liabilities. The DRONCO acquisition expanded the finishing segment s product portfolio and advances its entry to adjacent abrasives markets. 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  , approximately   30%   and   27%  , respectively, of the Company s sales were derived from customers outside the United States. As a diversified, global business, the Company s operations are affected by worldwide, regional and industry-specific economic and political factors. The Company s geographic and industry diversity, as well as the wide range of its products, help mitigate the impact of industry or economic fluctuations. Given the broad range of products manufactured and industries and geographies served, management primarily uses general economic trends to predict the overall outlook for the Company. The Company s individual businesses monitor key competitors and customers, including to the extent possible their sales, to gauge relative performance and the outlook for the future. 

22 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
  The following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations (in thousands) (unaudited):    

Other financial data:      (1)     

(1)   
    Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as a % of net sales are financial measures that are not presented in accordance with GAAP. See  Key Measures the Company Uses to Evaluate Its Performance  below for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss. 
     
   23 

The Three and   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared with the Three and   Nine Months Ended     September 25, 2015 
  Net sales  . Net sales were   $170.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $1.1 million  , or   0.6%  , compared with   $171.2 million   for the   three months ended September 25, 2015  , reflecting decreased net sales in the components segment of   $5.0 million  , the seating segment of   $4.9 million   and the finishing segment of   $3.2 million  , partially offset by an increase in the acoustics segment of   $12.0 million  . See further discussion of segment results below. 
  Net sales were   $546.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $12.2 million  , or   2.3%  , compared with   $534.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  , reflecting increased net sales in the acoustics segment of   $30.1 million   and the finishing segment of   $10.8 million  , partially offset by decreases in the components segment of   $17.6 million   and the seating segment of   $11.1 million  . See further discussion of segment results below. 
  On May 29, 2015, the Company acquired DRONCO. DRONCO s results of operations are included within the finishing segment and the Company s consolidated results of operations since the date of acquisition. For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the sales impact from the DRONCO acquisition was   $9.6 million   and   $30.5 million  , respectively.  See Note   2   to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the DRONCO acquisition. 
  Changes in foreign currency exchange rates compared with the U.S. dollar had a net negative impact of   $0.8 million   on consolidated net sales during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   2015  , negatively impacting the finishing and seating segments  net sales by   $0.6 million   and   $0.2 million  , respectively. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates compared with the U.S. dollar had a net negative impact of   $2.6 million   on consolidated net sales during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   2015  , negatively impacting the finishing and seating segments  net sales by   $2.2 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively. This was due principally to strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Euro in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015.  
  Cost of goods sold  . Cost of goods sold was   $139.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $135.7 million   for the   three months ended September 25, 2015  . The increase in cost of goods sold is due to increased net sales as well as operational inefficiencies driving higher labor and material costs in the acoustics segment.  The increase was partially offset by decreased net sales in the components, seating and finishing segments, favorable raw material costs in the components and acoustics segments, and a $0.5 million favorable impact related to foreign currency exchange rates. 
  Cost of goods sold was   $440.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $418.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . The increase in cost of goods sold is due to increased net sales in the acoustics and finishing segments, higher labor and material usage costs in the acoustics segment related to new platforms and operational inefficiencies, and increased labor costs on lower productivity in the acoustics and seating segments.  The increase was partially offset by favorable raw material costs in the acoustics and components segments and a $1.9 million favorable impact related to foreign currency exchange rates. 
     Gross profit  . For the reasons described above, gross profit was   $31.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $35.4 million   for the   three months ended September 25, 2015   and   $106.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $116.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  .  
  Selling and administrative expenses  . Selling and administrative expenses were   $25.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $31.7 million   for the   three months ended September 25, 2015  , a decrease of   $5.8 million  .  Selling and administrative expenses were   $86.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   $95.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  , a decrease of   $9.2 million  .  
  The decreases are primarily due to reduced selling and administrative expenses resulting from the Company s global cost reduction and restructuring program announced on March 1, 2016 of $2.4 million and $4.8 million for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, and decreased incentive compensation of $1.4 million and $3.4 million for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively.  Incentive compensation during the third quarter of 2016 benefited from a $1.5 million reversal of expense due to decreased projected attainment percentages.  In addition, share-based compensation expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   decreased   $1.0 million   compared with the   three months ended September 25, 2015   and share-based compensation expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   decreased   $7.3 million   compared with the   nine months ended September 25, 2015   due to a decrease in assumed vesting of Adjusted EBITDA Vesting Awards, a decrease in RSUs expense from accelerated vesting in 2015 related to the transition of the Company s CFO, and a decrease in Stock Price Vesting Awards expense due to completion of the service periods for the awards. Specific to the third quarter of 2016, selling and administrative expenses were benefited by $1.0 million from other spending controls within the seating and acoustics segments. 
  The decreases are partially offset by increased corporate expenses, including $1.2 million and $2.7 million of professional fees associated with supply chain consulting for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,  
  
   24 

respectively, as well as increased compensation expenses related to investments in management resources and talent, and selling and administrative expenses related to the DRONCO acquisition.  See further discussion of corporate expenses and segment results in the  Segment Financial Data  section below. 
  Loss (gain) on disposals of property, plant and equipment - net  . Loss (gain) on disposals of property, plant and equipment - net for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and the   three months ended September 25, 2015   was not material.  Loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment - net for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $0.8 million   compared to an immaterial loss in the prior period.  The loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment - net for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   relates to a loss of   $0.6 million   on sale of a seating segment facility.  Changes in the level of fixed asset disposals are dependent upon a number of factors, including changes in the level of asset sales, operational restructuring activities, and capital expenditure levels.  
  Restructuring  . Restructuring costs were   $0.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   $0.9 million   for the   three months ended September 25, 2015  . Restructuring costs were   $5.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   $3.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . During 2016, such costs related to severance actions in all segments resulting from the global cost reduction and restructuring program announced on March 1, 2016, including costs related to the closure of the components segment s facility in Buffalo Grove, Illinois. During 2015, such costs related to the final closure of the acoustics segment s Norwalk, Ohio facility, closure of the finishing segment s Brooklyn Heights, Ohio office, closure of the components segment s facility in China, and winding down of the finishing segment s machine business in Sweden. 
  Transaction-related expenses  . Transaction-related expenses were immaterial for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  Transaction-related expenses were immaterial for the   three months ended September 25, 2015   and   $0.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  , primarily related to professional service fees associated with the 2015 acquisition of DRONCO. 
  Interest expense  . Interest expense was   $7.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $8.0 million   for the   three months ended September 25, 2015  . Interest expense was   $23.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   $23.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . The increase in interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily relates to the increased number of days in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the nine months ended September 25, 2015, as well as increased indebtedness following the DRONCO acquisition in 2015.  See  Senior Secured Credit Facilities  in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of this MD A for further discussion.  
  Equity income  . Equity income was   $0.1 million   for both the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and the   three months ended September 25, 2015  . Equity income was   $0.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   $0.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . 
  Other income - net  . Other income was   $0.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and immaterial for the   three months ended September 25, 2015  . Other income was   $0.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   $0.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . 
  Loss before income taxes  . For the reasons described above, loss before income taxes was   $3.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $5.0 million   for the   three months ended September 25, 2015  . Loss before income taxes was   $9.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   $6.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . 
  Tax benefit  . The tax benefit was   $0.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $1.8 million   for the   three months ended September 25, 2015  . The tax benefit was   $1.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   $1.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . The effective tax rate for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   21.1%  , compared with   36.4%   for the   three months ended September 25, 2015  . The effective tax rate was   13.9%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   28.0%   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  .  The net discrete tax provision was   immaterial   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  .  The net discrete tax provision was   $2.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , with   $2.3 million   of the provision related to the change in assertion in the second quarter of 2016 regarding the permanent reinvestment of earnings on our non-majority joint venture holding. Such change in assertion was driven by a re-evaluation of the joint venture partners during the second quarter of their willingness and ability of the entity to distribute excess cash balances given the maturity and stability of operations. The net discrete tax provision was also impacted during the second quarter by vesting and forfeiture of RSUs for which no tax benefit will be realized.  The net discrete tax provision was immaterial for the three months ended   September 25, 2015  .  The net discrete tax provision for the   nine months ended     September 25, 2015   was impacted by   $0.3 million   due to the vesting of restricted stock units for which no tax benefit will be realized and   $0.3 million   due to non-deductible transaction costs in foreign subsidiaries for which no tax benefit was recognized. 
  
   25 

The Company s tax benefit is impacted by a number of factors, including, among others, the amount of taxable income or losses at the U.S. federal statutory rate, the amount of taxable earnings derived in foreign jurisdictions with tax rates that are lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, permanent items, state tax rates, the ability to utilize foreign net operating loss carry forwards and adjustments to valuation allowances. The effective tax rate for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was impacted by pre-tax losses in foreign jurisdictions for which no tax benefit was recognized, the vesting and forfeiture of RSUs for which no tax benefit will be realized, and the change in assertion regarding the permanent reinvestment of earnings on our non-majority joint venture holding noted above. 
  Net loss  . For the reasons described above, net loss was   $2.5 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with net loss of   $3.2 million   for the   three months ended September 25, 2015  . Net loss was   $7.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   $4.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . 
  Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests  . Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was   $0.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $0.5 million   for the   three months ended September 25, 2015  . Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was   $1.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   $0.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . 
  Adjusted EBITDA  . Adjusted EBITDA was   $16.5 million  , or   9.7%   of net sales, for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $2.1 million  , or   11.1%  , compared with   $18.6 million  , or   10.9%   of net sales, for the   three months ended September 25, 2015  , reflecting decreased Adjusted EBITDA in the components segment of   $1.6 million  , the seating segment of   $0.4 million   and the finishing segment of   $0.2 million  , and higher corporate expenses of   $0.3 million  , partially offset by increased Adjusted EBITDA in the acoustics segment of   $0.4 million  . 
  Adjusted EBITDA was   $53.6 million  , or   9.8%   of net sales for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $64.5 million  , or   12.1%  , of net sales for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  , a decrease of   $10.9 million  , or   16.9%  .  The decrease reflects decreased Adjusted EBITDA in the seating segment of   $5.4 million  , the components segment of   $4.3 million   and the finishing segment of   $0.4 million  , and higher corporate expenses of   $2.4 million  , partially offset by increased Adjusted EBITDA in the acoustics segment of   $1.6 million  .  
  Changes in foreign currency exchange rates compared with the U.S. dollar had a negative impact of   $0.1 million   on consolidated Adjusted EBITDA during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared with the   three months ended September 25, 2015  , negatively impacting the finishing segment s Adjusted EBITDA by   $0.1 million  .  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , changes in foreign currency exchange rates had a negative impact of   $0.2 million   on consolidated Adjusted EBITDA compared to the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  , negatively impacting the finishing segment s Adjusted EBITDA by   $0.2 million  . 
  Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)    Other comprehensive income was   $0.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared with other comprehensive loss of   $0.9 million   for the   three months ended September 25, 2015  .  Other comprehensive loss was   $1.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to a loss of   $8.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  .  The change is driven in both periods by the impact of foreign currency translation adjustments as well as the net change in unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges.  Foreign currency translation adjustments are based on fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies (primarily the Euro) against the U.S. Dollar each period. The net change in unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges during each period is based on the changes in current interest rates and market expectations of the timing and amount of future interest rate changes.  In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company entered into the forward starting interest rate swap agreements discussed in Note   6  ,    Debt and Hedging Instruments   .  Subsequent to entering into these arrangements, actual interest rate increases have been lower and have occurred later than expected, thereby, resulting in losses associated with these hedging instruments. 
  See  Segment Financial Data  section below for further discussion.  
   
  Key Measures the Company Uses to Evaluate Its Performance 
  EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA  . The Company defines EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense, provision (benefit) for income taxes, depreciation and amortization. The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA, excluding the impact of operational restructuring charges and non-cash or non-operational losses or gains, including goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges, gains or losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment, integration and other operational restructuring charges, transactional legal fees, other professional fees, purchase accounting adjustments, and non-cash share based compensation expense. 
  Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides a more clear picture of the Company s operating results by eliminating expenses and income that are not reflective of the underlying business performance. The Company uses this metric to facilitate a comparison of operating performance on a consistent basis from period to period and to analyze the factors and trends affecting its segments. The Company s internal plans, budgets and forecasts use Adjusted EBITDA as one of its key  
  
   26 

metrics and the Company uses this measure to evaluate its operating performance and segment operating performance and to determine the level of incentive compensation paid to its employees. 
  The Senior Secured Credit Facilities (defined in Note   6   and below) definition of EBITDA excludes income of partially owned affiliates, unless such earnings have been received in cash. 
  Set forth below is a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss (in thousands) (unaudited):   

            (1)   
    Restructuring includes costs associated with exit or disposal activities as defined by GAAP related to facility consolidation, including one-time employee termination benefits, costs to close facilities and relocate employees, and costs to terminate contracts other than capital leases. See Note   3  ,    Restructuring Costs    of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
               (2)   
    Transaction-related expenses primarily consist of professional service fees related to the DRONCO acquisition and the Company s acquisition and divestiture activities. 
               (3)   
    Integration and other restructuring costs primarily includes equipment move costs and incremental facility preparation and related costs incurred in connection with the start-up of new acoustics segment facilities in Warrensburg, Missouri and Richmond, Indiana and costs associated with the integration of DRONCO. Such costs are not included in restructuring for GAAP purposes. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , integration and other restructuring costs includes a $0.6 million reversal of a reserve related to the Newcomerstown fire recorded in acquisition accounting for the business combination in 2014.  
               (4)   
    Represents share-based compensation expense (income) for awards under the Company s 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, share-based compensation expense includes $2.5 million of expense reversal as a result of the lowering of assumed vesting levels for Adjusted EBITDA performance share units.  See Note   7  ,    Share-Based Compensation    of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for further information.   
               (5)   
    Loss (gain) on disposals of property, plant and equipment - net for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   includes a loss of $0.6 million on sale of a seating segment facility. 
     Adjusted EBITDA percentage of net sales  . Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales is an important metric that the Company uses to evaluate its operational effectiveness and business segments.  
   
  Segment Financial Data 
  The table, below presents the Company s net sales, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales for each of its reportable segments for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 25, 2015  . The Company uses Adjusted EBITDA as the primary measure of profit or loss for purposes of assessing the operating performance of its segments. See  Key Measures the Company Uses to Evaluate Its Performance  above for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to Net Loss which is the nearest GAAP measure. 
  
   27 

28 

Seating Segment   

  Net sales in the seating segment for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $32.3 million  , a decrease of   $4.9 million   or   13.1%  , compared with   $37.2 million   for the three months ended   September 25, 2015  . On a constant currency basis (net negative currency impact of   $0.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  ), revenues decreased by   $4.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . The decrease in net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily due to decreases in volume in the motorcycle, turf care, and construction markets.  
  Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased   $0.4 million   to   $2.5 million   (  7.8%   of net sales) from   $2.9 million   (  7.8%   of net sales) for the three months ended   September 25, 2015  . Changes in foreign currency exchange rates did not significantly impact Adjusted EBITDA. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to lower sales volume and higher benefit costs, partially offset by savings in selling and administrative expenses resulting from the Company s global cost reduction program and other spend controls. 
  
   29 

Net sales in the seating segment for the   nine months ended   ended   September 30, 2016   were   $129.0 million  , a decrease of   $11.1 million   or   7.9 %  , compared with   $140.1 million   for the   nine months ended   ended   September 25, 2015  . On a constant currency basis (net negative currency impact of   $0.4 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  ), revenues decreased by   $10.7 million   for the   nine months ended   ended   September 30, 2016  . The decrease in net sales for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was primarily due to decreases in volume in the motorcycle, turf care, and construction markets as well as lower pricing, partially offset by a volume increase in the power sports market.  
  Adjusted EBITDA for the   nine months ended   ended   September 30, 2016   decreased   $5.4 million   to   $14.8 million   (  11.4%   of net sales) from   $20.2 million   (  14.4%   of net sales) for the   nine months ended     September 25, 2015  . Changes in foreign currency exchange rates did not significantly impact Adjusted EBITDA. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to lower sales volume, lower pricing, higher labor and benefit costs, and operational inefficiencies resulting in higher material usage and lower labor productivity. 
   
  Finishing Segment   

  Net sales in the finishing segment for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $49.2 million  , a decrease of   $3.2 million  , or   6.1%  , compared with   $52.3 million   for the three months ended   September 25, 2015  . On a constant currency basis (net negative currency impact of   $0.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  ), revenues decreased by   $2.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . The decrease in net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily due to decreases in volume in industrial end markets in North America and Europe. 
  Adjusted EBITDA decreased   $0.2 million  , or   2.5%  , for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   to   $7.0 million   (  14.3%   of net sales) compared with   $7.2 million   (  13.8%   of net sales) for the three months ended   September 25, 2015  .  On a constant currency basis (net negative currency impact of   $0.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  ), Adjusted EBITDA decreased by   $0.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily due to lower sales volumes in industrial end markets, partially offset by savings in selling and administrative expenses resulting from the Company s global cost reduction program and lower selling and commission expenses.  

Net sales in the finishing segment for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were   $152.6 million  , an increase of   $10.8 million  , or   7.6 %  , compared with   $141.8 million   for the   nine months ended     September 25, 2015  . On a constant currency basis (net negative currency impact of   $2.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  ), revenues increased by   $13.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . The increase in net sales resulted from the May 2015 acquisition of DRONCO, which had net sales of   $30.5 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to   $14.8 million    during the   nine months ended     September 25, 2015  , partially offset by lower volumes in industrial end markets globally. 
  
   30 

Adjusted EBITDA decreased   $0.4 million  , or   1.8%  , for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   to   $19.9 million   (  13.0%   of net sales) compared with   $20.3 million   (  14.3%   of net sales) for the   nine months ended     September 25, 2015  . On a constant currency basis (net negative currency impact of   $0.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  ), Adjusted EBITDA decreased by   $0.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   primarily resulted from lower sales volumes in industrial end markets, unfavorable product mix compared with 2015 and lower Adjusted EBITDA margins related to DRONCO, partially offset by savings in selling and administrative expenses resulting from the Company s global cost reduction program. 
   
  Acoustics Segment   

  Net sales in the acoustics segment for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $63.7 million  , an increase of   $12.0 million  , or   23.2%  , compared with   $51.8 million   for the three months ended   September 25, 2015  .  Changes in foreign currency exchange rates did not significantly impact net sales.  The increase in net sales in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was due to higher volumes resulting from new platform awards with higher content per vehicle in North America and additional sales volume resulting from a competitor bankruptcy, partially offset by lower pricing on existing platforms. 
  Adjusted EBITDA was   $7.4 million   (  11.6%   of net sales) in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $7.0 million   (  13.6%   of net sales) in the three months ended   September 25, 2015  . Changes in foreign currency exchange rates did not significantly impact Adjusted EBITDA. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was primarily due to higher volumes from new platforms, lower raw material costs, lower incentive compensation and savings in selling and administrative expenses resulting from the Company s global cost reduction program and other spend controls, partially offset by operational inefficiencies resulting in higher labor costs and material usage and higher benefit costs.    

  Net sales in the acoustics segment for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were   $188.9 million  , an increase of   $30.1 million  , or   19.0%  , compared with   $158.7 million   for the   nine months ended     September 25, 2015  . Changes in foreign currency exchange rates did not significantly impact net sales. The increase in net sales in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was due to higher volumes resulting from new platform awards with higher content per vehicle in North America and additional sales volume resulting from a competitor bankruptcy, partially offset by lower pricing on existing platforms. 
  Adjusted EBITDA was   $20.8 million   (  11.0%   of net sales) in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared with   $19.2 million   (  12.1%   of net sales) in the   nine months ended     September 25, 2015  . Changes in foreign currency exchange rates did not significantly impact Adjusted EBITDA. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was primarily due to higher volumes with increased pricing on new platforms, lower raw material costs, lower incentive compensation and reduced selling and administrative costs, partially offset by increased labor costs on lower productivity and operational inefficiencies resulting in higher material usage. 
   
  Components Segment   

31 

Net sales in the components segment for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $24.9 million  , compared with   $29.9 million   for the three months ended   September 25, 2015  . The decrease of   $5.0 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared with the   third   quarter of   2015   was primarily due to lower sales volumes of rail, general industrial, perforated and expanded metal products, partially offset by higher volumes in smart utility meter components.  
  Adjusted EBITDA decreased to   $3.7 million   (  14.7%   of net sales) for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $5.2 million   (  17.4%   of net sales) in the   third   quarter of   2015  . The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA of   $1.6 million   was primarily due to lower volumes, unfavorable product mix, and lower labor productivity on decreased sales volumes, partially offset by lower raw material pricing and savings in selling and administrative expenses resulting from lower incentive compensation expense. 

Net sales in the components segment for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were   $76.3 million  , compared with   $94.0 million   for the   nine months ended     September 25, 2015  . The decrease of   $17.6 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   as compared with the   nine months ended     September 25, 2015   was primarily due to lower sales volumes of general industrial, perforated, rail and expanded metal products and lower pricing of metal products. 
  Adjusted EBITDA decreased to   $11.6 million   (  15.2%   of net sales) for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared with   $15.9 million   (  16.9%   of net sales) for the   nine months ended     September 25, 2015  . The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA of   $4.3 million   was primarily due to lower volumes, unfavorable product mix, higher healthcare costs, and lower labor productivity on decreased sales volumes, partially offset by lower raw material pricing and incentive compensation. 
   
  Corporate   

  Corporate expense is principally comprised of the costs of corporate functions, including the compensation and benefits of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Operating Officer, as well as personnel responsible for treasury, finance, insurance, in-house legal, information technology, corporate development, human resources, tax planning and the administration of employee benefits. Corporate expense also includes third party legal, audit, tax and other professional fees and expenses, board of director compensation and expenses, and the operating costs of the corporate office.  
  The increase of   $0.3 million   in expense in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the prior year primarily resulted from $1.2 million of increased third-party professional fees associated with investments in manufacturing and supply chain improvement initiatives, as well as increased compensation expenses related to investments in management resources and talent, partially offset by lower incentive compensation expense. 

The increase of   $2.4 million   in expense in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared with the prior year primarily resulted from $2.7 million of increased third-party professional fees associated with investments in manufacturing and supply chain improvement initiatives, as well as increased compensation expenses related to investments in management resources and talent, and executive relocation expenses, partially offset by lower incentive compensation expense. 
  
   32 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
  Background 
  The Company s primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from its operations, available cash and borrowings under its U.S. and foreign credit facilities. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $39.5 million   of available cash,   $34.9 million   of additional borrowings available under the revolving credit facility portion of its U.S. credit agreement, and   $11.0 million   available under revolving loan facilities that the Company maintains outside the U.S. As of   September 30, 2016  , available borrowings under its U.S. revolving credit facility were reduced by outstanding letters of credit of   $5.1 million  . Included in the Company s consolidated cash balance of   $39.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  , is cash of   $21.9 million   held at the Company s non-U.S. operations. These funds, with some restrictions and tax implications, are available for repatriation as deemed necessary by the Company. The Company s U.S. credit agreement and foreign revolving loan facilities are available for working capital requirements, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. We believe our existing cash on hand, expected future cash flows from operating activities, and additional borrowings available under our U.S. and foreign credit facilities provide sufficient resources to fund ongoing operating requirements as well as future capital expenditures and debt service requirements. 
   
   Indebtedness 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s total outstanding indebtedness of   $431.7 million   was comprised of aggregate term loans outstanding under its Senior Secured Credit Facilities of   $400.6 million   (net of a   $5.3 million   debt discount and deferred financing costs of   $7.9 million  ), various foreign bank term loans and revolving loan facilities of   $29.5 million   and capital lease obligations of   $1.5 million  . No amounts were outstanding under the revolving credit facility portion of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  As of   December 31, 2015  , the Company s total outstanding indebtedness of   $432.3 million   was comprised of term loans outstanding under its U.S. credit agreement of   $401.0 million   (net of a   $6.0 million   debt discount and deferred financing costs of   $9.1 million  ), various foreign bank term loans and revolving loan facilities of   $29.7 million   and capital lease obligations of   $1.6 million  . No borrowings were outstanding under the U.S. revolving loan facility at   December 31, 2015  .  
  The Company maintains various bank term loan and revolving loan facilities outside the U.S. for local operating and investing needs. Borrowings under these facilities totaled   $29.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , including borrowings of   $27.6 million   incurred by the Company s subsidiaries in Germany, and borrowings totaled   $29.7 million   as of   December 31, 2015  , including borrowings of   $27.6 million   incurred by the Company s subsidiaries in Germany.  
  In connection with the acquisition of DRONCO, the Company assumed   $11.0 million   of debt comprised of term loan borrowings totaling   $8.5 million   and revolving line of credit borrowings totaling   $2.5 million  . Borrowings bear interest at fixed and variable rates ranging from   2.3%   to   4.6%   and are subject to repayment in varying amounts through 2030. During the third quarter of 2015, the Company entered into a new   $13.5 million   term loan in Germany. Borrowings bear interest at a fixed rate of   2.25%   and are subject to repayment in equal quarterly payments of approximately   $0.4 million   beginning September 30, 2017 through June 30, 2025. Certain of the Company s foreign borrowings contain financial covenants requiring maintenance of a minimum equity ratio and maximum leverage ratio, among others. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
  General  . On June 30, 2014 (the  Closing Date ), Jason Incorporated, as the borrower, entered into (i) the First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2014, with Jason Partners Holdings Inc., Jason Holdings, Inc. I, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jason Partners Holdings Inc. ( Intermediate Holdings ), Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent (the  First Lien Administrative Agent ), the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto (the  New First Lien Credit Agreement ) and (ii) the Second Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2014, with Jason Partners Holdings Inc., Intermediate Holdings, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent (the  Second Lien Administrative Agent ), the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto (the  New Second Lien Credit Agreement  and, together with the First Lien Credit Agreement, the  New Credit Agreements ). 
  The New First Lien Credit Agreement provides for (i) term loans in the principal amount of $310.0 million (the  First Lien Term Facility  and the loans thereunder the  First Lien Term Loans ), of which   $303.8 million   is outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  , and (ii) a revolving loan of up to   $40.0 million   (including revolving loans, a $10.0 million swingline loan sublimit, and a $12.5 million letter of credit sublimit) (the  Revolving Credit Facility ), in each case under the new first lien senior secured loan facilities (the  First Lien Credit Facilities ). The New Second Lien Credit Agreement provides for term loans in an aggregate principal amount of   $110.0 million   under the new second lien senior secured term loan facility (the  Second Lien Term Facility  and the loans thereunder the  Second Lien Term Loans  and, the Second Lien Term Facility  
  
   33 

together with the First Lien Credit Facilities, the  Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). On June 30, 2014, the full amount of the First Lien Term Loans and Second Lien Term Loans were drawn, and no revolving loans were drawn. 
  The First Lien Term Loans mature in 2021 and the Revolving Credit Facility matures in 2019. The Second Lien Term Loans mature in 2022. The principal amount of the First Lien Term Loans amortizes in quarterly installments equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount of the First Lien Term Loans, with the balance payable at maturity. Neither the Revolving Credit Facility nor the Second Lien Term Loans amortize, however each is repayable in full at maturity. 
  Security Interests  . In connection with the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, Jason Partners Holdings Inc., Intermediate Holdings, Jason Incorporated and certain of Jason Incorporated s subsidiaries (the  Subsidiary Guarantors ), entered into a (i) First Lien Security Agreement (the  First Lien Security Agreement ), dated as of June 30, 2014, in favor of the First Lien Administrative Agent and (ii) a Second Lien Security Agreement (the  Second Lien Security Agreement , together with the First Lien Security Agreement, the  Security Agreements ), dated as of June 30, 2014, in favor of the Second Lien Administrative Agent. Pursuant to the Security Agreements, amounts borrowed under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and any swap agreements and cash management arrangements provided by any lender party to the Senior Secured Credit Facilities or any of its affiliates are secured (i) with respect to the First Lien Credit Facilities, on a first priority basis and (ii) with respect to the Second Lien Term Facility, on a second priority basis, by a perfected security interest in substantially all of Jason Incorporated s, Jason Partners Holdings Inc. s, Intermediate Holdings  and each Subsidiary Guarantor s tangible and intangible assets (subject to certain exceptions), including U.S. registered intellectual property and all of the capital stock of each of Jason Incorporated s direct and indirect wholly-owned material Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the New Credit Agreements) (limited, in the case of foreign subsidiaries, to 65% of the capital stock of first tier foreign subsidiaries). In addition, pursuant to the New Credit Agreements, Jason Partners Holdings Inc., Intermediate Holdings and the Subsidiary Guarantors guaranteed amounts borrowed under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. 
  Interest Rate and Fees  . At our election, the interest rate per annum applicable to the loans under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities is based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to either (i) a base rate determined by reference to the higher of (a) the  prime rate  of Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, (b) the federal funds effective rate plus   0.50%   or (c) the Eurocurrency rate applicable for an interest period of one month plus   1.00%  , plus an applicable margin equal to (x)   3.50%   in the case of the First Lien Term Loans, (y)    2.25%   in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility or (z)   7.00%   in the case of the Second Lien Term Loans or (ii) a Eurocurrency rate determined by reference to LIBOR, adjusted for statutory reserve requirements, plus an applicable margin equal to (x)   4.50%   in the case of the First Lien Term Loans, (y)   3.25%   in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility or (z)   8.00%   in the case of the Second Lien Term Loans. Borrowings under the First Lien Term Facility and Second Lien Term Facility will be subject to a floor of   1.00%   in the case of Eurocurrency loans. The applicable margin for loans under the Revolving Credit Facility may be subject to adjustment based upon Jason Incorporated s consolidated first lien net leverage ratio. 
  Interest Rate Hedge Contracts.   To manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, the Company entered into Swaps in 2015 with notional values totaling   $210.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The Swaps have been designated by the Company as cash flow hedges, and effectively fix the variable portion of interest rates on variable rate term loan borrowings at a rate of approximately   2.08%   prior to financing spreads and related fees. The Swaps have a forward start date of December 30, 2016 and have an expiration date of June 30, 2020. The fair values of the Swaps totaled   $5.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $0.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $1.3 million   was recorded in other current liabilities and   $4.0 million   was recorded in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2015,   $0.3 million   was recorded in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. In 2015 and in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , there was   no   interest expense recognized. The Company will begin recognizing interest expense related to the interest rate hedge contracts in 2017. 
  Mandatory Prepayment  . Subject to certain exceptions, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are subject to mandatory prepayments in amounts equal to: (1) a percentage of the net cash proceeds from any non-ordinary course sale or other disposition of assets (including as a result of casualty or condemnation) by Jason Incorporated or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in excess of a certain amount and subject to customary reinvestment provisions and certain other exceptions; (2) 100% of the net cash proceeds from the issuance or incurrence of debt by Jason Incorporated or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than indebtedness permitted by the Senior Secured Credit Facilities); and (3) 75% (with step-downs to 50%, 25% and 0% based upon achievement of specified consolidated first lien net leverage ratios under the First Lien Credit Facilities and specified consolidated total net leverage ratios under the Second Lien Term Facility) of annual excess cash flow of Jason Incorporated and its Restricted Subsidiaries. With respect to the Second Lien Term Facility, (i) any prepayments made prior to the one year anniversary of the Closing Date would have been subject to a 3.00% prepayment premium, (ii) any prepayments made on or after the first anniversary of the Closing Date, but prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date, would have been subject to a 2.00% prepayment premium and (iii) any prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the Closing Date, but prior to the third anniversary of the Closing Date, will be subject to a 1.00% prepayment premium. Other  
  
   34 

than the prepayment premiums and penalties described above and the payment of customary  breakage  costs, Jason Incorporated may voluntarily prepay outstanding loans at any time. 
  Covenants  . The Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain a number of customary affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, will limit or restrict the ability of Jason Incorporated and its Restricted Subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness (including guarantee obligations); incur liens; engage in mergers, consolidations, liquidations and dissolutions; sell assets; pay dividends and make other payments in respect of capital stock; make acquisitions, investments, loans and advances; pay and modify the terms of certain indebtedness; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; enter into negative pledge clauses and clauses restricting subsidiary distributions; and change its line of business, in each case, subject to certain limited exceptions. 
  In addition, under the Revolving Credit Facility, if the aggregate outstanding amount of all revolving loans, swingline loans and certain letter of credit obligations exceed   25 percent  , or   $10.0 million  , of the revolving credit commitments at the end of any fiscal quarter, Jason Incorporated and its Restricted Subsidiaries will be required to not exceed a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio, currently specified at   5.25   to   1.00  , with a periodic decrease to   4.50   to   1.00   on   December 31, 2017   and remaining at that level thereafter. If such outstanding amounts do not exceed   25 percent   of the revolving credit commitments at the end of any fiscal quarter, no financial covenants are applicable. As of   September 30, 2016   the consolidated first lien net leverage ratio was   3.75   to   1.00   on a pro forma trailing twelve-month basis calculated in accordance with the respective provisions of the New Credit Agreements which exclude the Second Lien Term Loans from the calculation of net debt (numerator) and allow the inclusion of certain pro forma adjustments and exclusion of certain specified or nonrecurring costs and expenses in calculating Adjusted EBITDA (denominator). The aggregate outstanding amount of all revolving loans, swingline loans and certain letters of credit was less than   25 percent   of revolving credit commitments at   September 30, 2016  .  If the Company is unable to maintain its first lien net leverage ratio below   5.00   as of   December 31, 2016   and if it utilizes more than   25 percent   of the revolving credit commitments it would be in default of its senior secured credit facilities and subject to the conditions described under  Events of Default  below.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants contained in its credit agreements.   
  Events of Default  . The Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain customary events of default, including nonpayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts; material inaccuracy of a representation or warranty when made; violation of a covenant; cross-default to material indebtedness; bankruptcy events; inability to pay debts or attachment; material unsatisfied judgments; actual or asserted invalidity of any security document; and a change of control. Failure to comply with these provisions of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities (subject to certain grace periods) could, absent a waiver or an amendment from the lenders under such agreement, restrict the availability of the Revolving Credit Facility and permit the acceleration of all outstanding borrowings under the New Credit Agreements. 
   
  Series A Preferred Stock 
  Holders of the   45,000   shares of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors, cumulative dividends at the rate of   8.0%   per annum (the dividend rate) on the   $1,000   liquidation preference per share of the Series A Preferred Stock, payable quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date. Dividends shall be paid in cash or, at the Company s option, in additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock or a combination thereof, and are payable on   January 1  ,   April 1  ,   July1  , and   October 1   of each year, commencing on the first such date after the date of the first issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock.  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company paid a total of   $2.7 million   of dividends, with a dividend of   $20.00   per share on   January 1, 2016  ,   April 1, 2016  , and   July 1, 2016   to holders of record on   November 15, 2015  ,   February 15, 2016  , and   May 15, 2016  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a liability recorded of   $0.9 million   for a dividend of   $20.00   per share which was paid on   October 1, 2016   to holders of record on   August 15, 2016  .  
   
  Seasonality and Working Capital 
  The Company uses net operating working capital ( NOWC ) as a percentage of the previous twelve months of net sales as a key indicator of working capital management. The Company defines this metric as the sum of trade accounts receivable and inventories less trade accounts payable. NOWC as a percentage of rolling twelve month net sales was   15.4%   as of   September 30, 2016   and   14.5%   as of   December 31, 2015  . Excluding NOWC of   $6.7 million   associated with DRONCO which was acquired on May 29, 2015, NOWC as a percentage of rolling twelve month sales, excluding sales attributable to DRONCO, was   14.0%   as of   December 31, 2015  . Set forth below is a table summarizing NOWC as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   35 

In overall dollar terms, the Company s NOWC is generally lower at the end of the calendar year due to reduced sales activity around the holiday season. NOWC generally peaks at the end of the first quarter as the Company experiences high seasonal demand from certain customers, particularly those serving the motor sports, lawn and garden equipment and small engine markets to fill the supply chain for the spring season. There are, however, variations in the seasonal demands from year to year depending on weather, customer inventory levels, and model year changes. The Company historically generates approximately 52-55% of its annual net sales in the first half of the year. 
   
  Short-Term and Long-Term Liquidity Requirements 
  The Company s ability to make principal and interest payments on borrowings under its U.S. and foreign credit facilities and its ability to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on its ability to generate cash in the future, which, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other conditions. Based on its current level of operations, the Company believes that its existing cash balances and expected cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet its operating requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, the Company may require borrowings under its credit facilities and alternative forms of financings or investments to achieve its longer-term strategic plans.  
  Capital expenditures during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   were   $16.1 million  , or   2.9%   of net sales.     Capital expenditures for 2016 are expected to be approximately   3.0%   of net sales, but could vary from that depending on business performance, growth opportunities, and the amount of assets we lease instead of purchase. The Company finances its annual capital requirements with funds generated from operations.   
   
  Warrant Repurchase 
  In February 2015, our Board of Directors authorized the purchase of up to $5.0 million of our outstanding warrants. Management is authorized to effect purchases from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. There is no expiration date to this authority. No warrants were repurchased during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
   
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and the   Nine Months Ended September 25, 2015      

Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , cash flows provided by operating activities were   $22.9 million   compared to   $33.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . The cash flows provided by operating activities were primarily the result of the net loss of   $7.8 million   adjusted for non-cash items, which includes   $23.2 million   related to depreciation and   $9.4 million   related to amortization of intangible assets.  Additionally, the net loss was adjusted by   $2.1 million   related to dividends received from joint ventures.  As compared to net loss adjusted for non-cash items and the dividends received from joint ventures for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  , this resulted in decreased cash flows provided by operating activities of   $9.5 million  . 
  
   36 

Changes in net operating working capital increased operating cash flow by   $1.8 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , driven by management of accounts receivable, accounts payable, and inventory balances across business segments. Other significant items impacting cash flows provided by operating activities included incremental cash outflows for interest related to the timing of the cutoff of the quarterly periods year-over-year as well as additional cash outflows for income taxes, offset by cash inflows related to payments on tooling projects which reduced other current asset balances. 
   
  Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
  Cash flows used in investing activities were   $12.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $58.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . The decrease in cash flows used in investing activities was primarily the result of the DRONCO acquisition. On May 29, 2015, the Company paid cash consideration of   $34.4 million  , net of cash acquired, to obtain all outstanding shares of DRONCO.  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment also resulted in a decrease of   $3.3 million   in cash flows used in investing activities, primarily due to the sale of a building in the seating segment in the second quarter of 2016. 
   
  Cash Flows (Used in) Provided by in Financing Activities 
  Cash flows used in financing activities were   $6.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with cash flows provided by financing activities of   $9.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . The increase in cash flows used in financing activities was driven by lower proceeds from other long-term debt of   $10.1 million   due to long-term debt issued in Germany in 2015 due to the DRONCO acquisition. Additionally, there was an increase of   $0.8 million   of payments for the First Lien term loan, which was primarily the result of the cutoff of the fiscal quarter-end compared with the prior year, and   $5.6 million   of higher payments on other long-term debt instruments.  
   
  Depreciation and Amortization 
  Depreciation and amortization totaled   $32.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $33.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . Depreciation and amortization for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   is slightly lower than incurred by the Company in the prior period as a result of lower amortization due to the impairment of certain seating segment intangible assets during the fourth quarter of 2015, partially offset by higher depreciation due to capital expenditures and the acquisition of DRONCO. 
   
  Capital Expenditures 
  Capital expenditures totaled   $16.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with   $23.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 25, 2015  . Capital expenditures were higher in 2015 due to a new acoustics manufacturing facility that was built in Richmond, Indiana in that period. 
  Contractual Obligations 
  There are no material changes to the disclosures regarding contractual obligations made in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  There are no material changes to the disclosures regarding off-balance sheet arrangements made in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities on the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2016 for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for information with respect to our critical accounting policies, which we believe could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management. Except for the items reported above, management believes that as of   September 30, 2016   and during the period from   July 2, 2016   through   September 30, 2016  , there has been no material change to this information. 
   
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
  See Note 1,  Description of Business and Basis of Presentation  under the heading  Recently issued accounting standards  of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   37 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates and, to a lesser extent, commodities. To reduce such risks, the Company selectively uses financial instruments and other proactive management techniques. All hedging transactions are authorized and executed pursuant to clearly defined policies and procedures, which strictly prohibit the use of financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
  Currency Risk:   The Company has manufacturing, sales and distribution operations around the world; therefore, exchange rates impact the U.S. Dollar ( USD ) value of our reported earnings, our investments in our foreign subsidiaries and the intercompany transactions with these subsidiaries. Approximately   $164.3 million  , or   30%  , of our sales originated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar during the first   nine   months of 2016. As a result, fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies against the USD, particularly the Euro, may have a material impact on our reported results. Revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into USD using average exchange rates in effect during the period. Consequently, as the value of the USD changes relative to the currencies of our major markets, our reported results vary. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , sales denominated in Euros approximated   $101 million  . Therefore, with a 10% increase or decrease in the value of the Euro in relation to the USD, our translated net sales (assuming all other factors are unchanged) would increase or decrease by   $10.1 million  , respectively, and the change in our net (loss) income would increase or decrease by approximately   $0.1 million  . The net assets and liabilities of our non-U.S. subsidiaries, which totaled approximately   $101 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , are translated into USD at the exchange rates in effect at the end of the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded in shareholders  equity as cumulative translation adjustments. The cumulative translation adjustments recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income at   September 30, 2016   resulted in a decrease to shareholders  equity of   $19.1 million  . Transactional foreign currency exchange exposure results primarily from the purchase of products, services or equipment from affiliates or third party suppliers where the purchase value is significant, denominated in another currency and to be settled over an extended period, and from the repayment of intercompany loans between subsidiaries using different currencies. The Company periodically identifies areas where it does not have naturally offsetting currency positions and then may purchase hedging instruments to protect against potential currency exposures. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company did not have any significant foreign currency hedging instruments in place nor did it have any significant sales or purchase commitments in currencies outside of the functional currencies of the operations responsible for satisfying such commitments. All long-term debt is held in the functional currencies of the operations that are responsible for the repayment of such obligations. As of   September 30, 2016  , long-term debt denominated in currencies other than the USD totaled approximately   $30.0 million  . 
  Interest Rate Risk:   The Company utilizes a combination of short-term and long-term debt to finance our operations and is exposed to interest rate risk on our outstanding floating rate debt instruments that bear interest at rates that fluctuate with changes in certain short-term prevailing interest rates. Borrowings under U.S. credit facilities bear interest at rates tied to either the  prime rate  of Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, the federal funds effective rate, the Eurocurrency rate, or a Eurocurrency rate determined by reference to LIBOR, subject to an established floor. Applicable interest rates have been substantially lower than the designated floor in our Senior Secured Credit Facilities; therefore, interest rates have not been subject to change. However, if interest rates were to exceed the established floor, a 25 basis point increase or decrease in the applicable interest rates on our variable rate debt would increase or decrease interest expense by approximately $1 million. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has entered into various interest rate swaps in order to mitigate a portion of the variable rate interest exposure. The Company is counterparty to certain interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of   $210.0 million   entered into in November 2015 in order to mitigate a portion of the variable interest rate exposure. These swaps are scheduled to mature in June 2020. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company swapped one month LIBOR rates for a fixed interest rate, resulting in the payment of a fixed LIBOR rate of   2.08%   on a notional amount of   $210.0 million  . 
  Commodity risk:   The Company sources a wide variety of materials and components from a network of global suppliers. While such materials are generally available from numerous suppliers, commodity raw materials, such as steel, aluminum, copper, fiber, foam chemicals, plastic resin, vinyl and cotton sheeting are subject to price fluctuations, which could have a negative impact on our results. The Company strives to pass along such commodity price increases to customers to avoid profit margin erosion and utilizes value analysis and value engineering ( VAVE ) initiatives to further mitigate the impact of commodity raw material price fluctuations as improved efficiencies across all locations are achieved. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company did not have any commodity hedging instruments in place. 
   
  ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and  
  
   38 

communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  . Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 
  During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   39 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
  There are no material changes to the disclosures regarding risk factors made in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
   
  ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  The following table contains detail related to the repurchase of common stock based on the date of trade during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  :                               2016 Fiscal Month 
      
    Total Number of Shares Purchased    (a)  
      
    Average Price Paid per Share 
      
    Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Plans or Programs 
   Announced    (b)  
      
    Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased  Under the Plans or Programs 
      July 2 to August 5 
      
    7,695 
      
    $3.37 

N/A 
      August 6 to September 2 

N/A 
      September 3 to September 30 

N/A 
      Total 
      
    7,695 
      
    $3.37 

(a)   
    Represents shares of common stock that employees surrendered to satisfy withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock unit awards. The 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the award agreements permit participants to satisfy all or a portion of the statutory federal, state and local withholding tax obligations arising in connection with plan awards by electing to (1) have the Company reduce the number of shares otherwise deliverable or (2) deliver shares already owned, in each case having a value equal to the amount to be withheld. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company withheld   41,181   shares that employees presented to the Company to satisfy withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock unit awards. 
               (b)   
    The Company is not currently participating in a share repurchase program. In February 2015, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase of up to $5.0 million of outstanding warrants. Management is authorized to effect purchases from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. There is no expiration date to this authority. No warrants were repurchased during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
      
  ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
  On February 17, 2016, the Company filed an initial voluntary self-disclosure notice with the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ) regarding certain transactions between Osborn International GmbH, a foreign-incorporated Germany subsidiary of the Company, and Iran Khodro Industrial Group and other commercial entities based in Iran (the  Transactions ). The Company discovered the Transactions during an evaluation of the Company s global sanctions compliance procedures. The Company submitted a full report to OFAC on April 15, 2016. OFAC subsequently reviewed the Company s voluntary-self disclosure and closed the matter without any civil or criminal liability for the Company. 
   
  ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
  Reference is made to the separate exhibit index following the signature page herein. 
  
   40 

SIGNATURES 
  In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
                   
    JASON INDUSTRIES, INC. 

Dated: November 4, 2016 
    /s/ Jeffry N. Quinn 
        
    Jeffry N. Quinn 
  Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer)   

Dated: November 4, 2016 
    /s/ Sarah C. Lauber 
             
    Sarah C. Lauber 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

41 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
                   Exhibit Number 
      
    Description 
      3 
      
    Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Jason Industries, Inc., dated as of September 12, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 12, 2016 (File No. 1-36051)). 

4 
      
    Rights Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2016, by and between Jason Industries, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, as the Rights Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 12, 2016 (File No. 1-36051)). 

31.1 
      
    Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
      
    Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
      
    Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
      
    Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-31109302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  I, Jeffry N. Quinn, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Jason Industries, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
     Date:   November 4, 2016                     
    /s/ Jeffry N. Quinn 

Jeffry N. Quinn 
  Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-31209302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  I, Sarah C. Lauber, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Jason Industries, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
     Date:   November 4, 2016    
                     
    /s/ Sarah C. Lauber 

Sarah C. Lauber 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex-32109302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Jason Industries, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q, for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Dated:   November 4, 2016                     
    /s/ Jeffry N. Quinn 

Jeffry N. Quinn 
  Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies this report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex-32209302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Jason Industries, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q, for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of her knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Dated:   November 4, 2016                     
    /s/ Sarah C. Lauber 

Sarah C. Lauber 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

This certification accompanies this report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 jasn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 jasn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 jasn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 jasn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 jasn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 jasn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

