<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_813640_0001552781-16-002099_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8838897</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101787</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>320339</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2796306</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4142671</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1298581</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>86</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001552781-16-002099.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114171332
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001552781-16-002099
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CITIZENS BANCSHARES CORP /GA/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000813640
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				581631302
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14913
		FILM NUMBER:		161995908

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 PIEDMONT AVENUE NE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 4485
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4046595959

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 4485
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30303

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001552781-16-002099.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 e00595_czbs-10q.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

Washington,
D.C. 20549  

FORM
10   Q   

   (Mark
One)   

OR   

o     TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from ____________ to _____________    

Commission
File No: 0 - 14535   

CITIZENS
BANCSHARES CORPORATION    

  (Exact name
of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:  (404) 659-5959   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    

  x  
 Yes       o
  No.    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.       

  x  
 Yes       o
  No.    

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
accelerated filer   o    Accelerated
filer   o   Non-accelerated
filer   o    Smaller reporting
company   x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)      

  o  
 Yes       x
  No.    

SEC 1296 (08-03)  Potential
persons who are to respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form
displays a currently valid OMB control number.   

APPLICABLE ONLY
TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:  

Indicate the
number of shares outstanding for each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date: 2,079,997
shares of Common Stock, $1.00 par value and 90,000 shares of Non-Voting Common Stock, $1.00 par value were outstanding on November
10, 2016.  

PART
1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

   ITEM
1. Financial Statements   

See
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.           

CITIZENS
BANCSHARES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY  

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

  (Unaudited  -
In thousands, except per share data)   

See notes
to condensed consolidated financial statements.          

See notes
to condensed consolidated financial statements        

CITIZENS BANCSHARES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY   

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY  
FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   

  (Unaudited - In thousands)   

See notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements.   

CITIZENS BANCSHARES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY                  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS                  

  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015                  

  (In thousands)                                  

See
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.        

CITIZENS
BANCSHARES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY   

   Notes
to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

  (Unaudited)  

1. SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Basis
of Presentation   

Citizens
Bancshares Corporation (the  Company ) is a holding company that provides a full range of commercial and personal
banking services to individual and corporate customers in metropolitan Atlanta and Columbus, Georgia, and in Birmingham and Eutaw,
Alabama, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Citizens Trust Bank (the  Bank ). The Bank operates under a state charter
and serves its customers through seven full-service financial centers in metropolitan Atlanta, Georgia, one full-service financial
center in Columbus, Georgia, one full-service financial center in Birmingham, Alabama, and one full-service financial center in
Eutaw, Alabama.  

The accompanying
unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations for reporting on Form 10-Q.
Accordingly, certain disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles are not included herein. These interim statements
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s latest Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the year ended December 31, 2015. The results of operations for
the interim periods reported herein are not necessarily representative of the results expected for the full 2016 fiscal year.  

The consolidated
financial statements of the Company for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 are unaudited.  In the
opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position and results of operations and
cash flows for the three month period have been included.  All adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.  All significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

Accounting
Policies   

The Company s
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( GAAP ), which often require the judgment of management in the selection and application of certain
accounting principles and methods. Reference is made to the accounting policies of the Company described in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The Company
has followed those policies in preparing this report. Management believes that the quality and reasonableness of its most critical
policies enable the fair presentation of its financial position and of its results of operations.  

Troubled
Asset Relief Program   

On August 13,
2010, as part of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the  Treasury ) Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP )
Community Development Capital Initiative, the Company entered into a Letter Agreement, and an Exchange Agreement Standard
Terms ( Exchange Agreement ), with the Treasury, pursuant to which the Company agreed to exchange 7,462 shares of
the Company s Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A ( Series A Preferred Shares ), issued
on March 6, 2009, pursuant to the Company s participation in the TARP Capital Purchase Program, for 7,462 shares of the
Company s Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B ( Series B Preferred Shares ) issued pursuant
to the TARP Community Development Capital Initiative, both of which have a liquidation preference of $1,000 (the  Exchange
Transaction ). No new monetary consideration was exchanged in connection with the Exchange Transaction. The Exchange Transaction
closed on August 13, 2010 (the  Closing Date ).  

On
September 17, 2010, the Company issued 4,379 shares of its Series C Preferred Shares to the Treasury as part of its TARP Community
Development Capital Initiative for a total of 11,841 shares    of
Series B and C Preferred Shares issued to Treasury. The issuance of the Series B and Series C Preferred Shares was a private placement
exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.   

The Series
B and Series C Preferred Shares qualify as Tier 1 capital and will pay cumulative dividends at a rate of 2% per annum for
the first eight years after the Closing Date and 9% per annum thereafter. The Company may, subject to consultation with the
Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, redeem the Series B and Series C Preferred Shares at any time for its aggregate liquidation amount
plus any accrued and unpaid dividends.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards    

  In May
2014, the FASB issued guidance to change the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of the new
guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to reflect the transfer of goods and services to customers in an amount equal
to the consideration the entity receives or expects to receive. The guidance will be effective for the Company for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company will apply the guidance using a full retrospective approach. The Company does not
expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements.  

In February
2015, the FASB issued guidance which amends the consolidation requirements and significantly changes the consolidation analysis
required under U.S. GAAP. Although the amendments are expected to result in the deconsolidation of many entities, the Company
will need to reevaluate all its previous consolidation conclusions. The amendment was effective for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. These amendments did not have a material effect on its financial
statements.  

In August
2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . As a result of the deferral,
the guidance in ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company
will apply the guidance using a full retrospective approach. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect
on its financial statements.  

In November
2015, the FASB amended the Income Taxes topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to simplify the presentation of deferred
income taxes by requiring that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial
position. The amendments will be effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
and interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
period. The Company will apply the guidance prospectively. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect
on its financial statements.  

In January 2016,
the FASB amended the Financial Instruments topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to address certain aspects of recognition,
measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments will be effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company will apply the guidance by means of
a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The amendments related
to equity securities without readily determinable fair values will be applied prospectively to equity investments that exist as
of the date of adoption of the amendments. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial
statements.  

In February
2016, the FASB amended the Leases topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to revise certain aspects of recognition, measurement,
presentation, and disclosure of leasing transactions. The amendments will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that implementation
of the new standard will have on its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.  

In March
2016, the FASB amended the Revenue from Contracts with Customers topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify the
implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations and address how an entity should assess whether it is the principal
or the agent in contracts that include three or more parties.   The amendments will be effective for the Company for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial
statements.  

In March
2016, the FASB issued guidance to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions including
the income tax consequences, the classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and the classification on the statement
of cash flows. Additionally, the guidance simplifies two areas specific to entities other than public business entities allowing
them apply a practical expedient to estimate the expected term for all awards with performance or service conditions that have
certain characteristics and also allowing them to make a one-time election to switch from measuring all liability-classified awards
at fair value to measuring them at intrinsic value. The amendments will be effective for the Company for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company does not expect these amendments to have
a material effect on its financial statements.  

In April
2016, the FASB amended the Revenue from Contracts with Customers topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify guidance
related to identifying performance obligations and accounting for licenses of intellectual property. The amendments will be effective
for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect these amendments to have
a material effect on its financial statements.  

In May
2016, the FASB amended the Revenue from Contracts with Customers topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify guidance
related to collectability, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax, and transition. The amendments will be effective
for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect these amendments to have
a material effect on its financial statements.  

In June
2016, the FASB issued guidance to change the accounting for credit losses and modify the impairment model for certain debt securities.
The amendments will be effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently
evaluating the effect that implementation of the new standard will have on its financial position, results of operations, and
cash flows.  

In August
2016, the FASB amended the Statement of Cash Flows topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify how certain cash
receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments will be effective for the
Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company does
not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements.  

Other accounting
standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies are not expected to have a material
impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

2.
INVESTMENTS    

  Investment
securities available for sale are summarized as follows (in thousands):  

At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no investment securities held to maturity.  

The
amortized costs and fair values of investment securities at September 30, 2016, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected
maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with and without
call or prepayment penalties (in thousands).  

Securities
with carrying values of $85,930,000 and $93,161,000 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, were pledged
to secure public deposits, FHLB advances and a $27,858,000 line of credit at the Federal Reserve Bank discount window and for
other purposes as required by law.  

For the three
month period ended September 30, 2016, proceeds from the sale of securities were $3,368,000 and gross realized gains on sales
of securities were $201,000. For the three month period ended September 30, 2015, proceeds from the sale of securities were $6,907,000
and gross realized gains on sales of securities were $109,000. There were no gross realized losses on sales of securities for
the same period during 2016 and 2015.  

For the
nine month period ended September 30, 2016, proceeds from the sale of securities were $3,368,000 and gross realized gains on sales
of securities were $201,000. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, proceeds from the sale of securities were $19,292,000
and gross realized gains on sales of securities were $421,000. There there were no gross realized losses on sales of securities
for the same period during 2016 and 2015.  

The Company s
investment portfolio consists principally of obligations of the United States, its agencies, or its corporations, general obligation
and revenue municipals and corporate securities. In the opinion of management, there is no concentration of credit risk in its
investment portfolio. The company places its deposits and correspondent accounts with and sells its federal funds to high quality
institutions. Management believes credit risk associated with correspondent accounts is not significant.   

The following
tables show investments  gross unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time that
the individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Except
as explicitly identified below, all unrealized losses on investment securities are considered by management to be temporarily
impaired given the credit ratings on these investment securities and the short duration of the unrealized loss (in thousands):  

The
Company s available for sale portfolio had twelve (12) investment securities at September 30, 2016 that were in an unrealized
loss position for longer than twelve months. At December 31, 2015, the Company had fifteen (15) investment securities that were
in an unrealized loss position for longer than twelve months. The Company reviews these securities for other-than-temporary impairment
on a quarterly basis by monitoring their credit support and coverage, constant payment of the contractual principal and interest,
loan to value and delinquencies ratios.  

We
use prices from third party pricing services and, to a lesser extent, indicative (non-binding) quotes from third party brokers,
to measure fair value of our investment securities. Fair values of the investment securities portfolio could decline in the future
if the underlying performance of the collateral for collateralized mortgage obligations or other securities deteriorates and the
levels do not provide sufficient protection for contractual principal and interest. As a result, there is risk that an other-than-temporary
impairment may occur in the future particularly in light of the current economic environment.  

As of
the date of its evaluation, the Company did not intend to sell and has the ability to hold these securities and it is more likely
than not that the Company will not be required to sell those securities before recovery of its amortized cost or the security
matures. The Company believes, based on industry analyst reports and credit ratings, that it will continue to receive scheduled
interest payments as well as the entire principal balance, and the deterioration in value is attributable to changes in market
interest rates and is not in the credit quality of the issuer and therefore, these losses are not considered other-than-temporary.  

3.
LOANS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES  

  Loans outstanding,
by classification, are summarized as follows (in thousands):   

Activity
in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment is summarized as follows (in thousands):  

Portions
of the allowance for loan losses may be allocated for specific loans or portfolio segments. However, the entire allowance for
loan losses is available for any loan that, in the judgment of management, should be charged-off.  

In determining
our allowance for loan losses, we regularly review loans for specific reserves based on the appropriate impairment assessment
methodology. Consumer residential loans are evaluated as a homogeneous population and therefore loans are not evaluated individually
for impairment. General reserves are determined using historical loss trends measured over a rolling four quarter average for
consumer loans, and a three year average loss factor for commercial loans which is applied to risk rated loans grouped by Federal
Financial Examination Council ( FFIEC ) call code. For commercial loans, the general reserves are calculated by applying
the appropriate historical loss factor to the loan pool. Impaired loans greater than a minimum threshold established by management
are excluded from this analysis.   The sum of all such amounts determines our total allowance for loan losses.   

The allocation
of the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment was as follows (in thousands):   

The following
table presents impaired loans by class of loan (in thousands):  

The following
table presents the average recorded investment and interest income recognized on impaired loans by class of loan (in thousands):  

The following
table is an aging analysis of our loan portfolio (in thousands):  

Each of our
portfolio segments and the classes within those segments are subject to risks that could have an adverse impact on the credit
quality of our loan and lease portfolio. Management has identified the most significant risks as described below which are generally
similar among our segments and classes. While the list is not exhaustive, it provides a description of the risks that management
has determined are the most significant.   

Commercial,
financial and agricultural loans   We centrally underwrite each of our commercial loans based primarily upon the customer s
ability to generate the required cash flow to service the debt in accordance with the contractual terms and conditions of the
loan agreement. We endeavor to gain a complete understanding of our borrower s businesses including the experience and background
of the principals. To the extent that the loan is secured by collateral, which is a predominant feature of the majority of our
commercial loans, we gain an understanding of the likely value of the collateral and what level of strength the collateral brings
to the loan transaction. To the extent that the principals or other parties provide personal guarantees, we analyze the relative
financial strength and liquidity of each guarantor. Common risks to each class of commercial loans include risks that are not
specific to individual transactions such as general economic conditions within our markets, as well as risks that are specific
to each transaction including demand for products and services, personal events such as disability or change in marital status,
and reductions in the value of our collateral. Due to the concentration of loans in the metro Atlanta and Birmingham areas, we
are susceptible to changes in market and economic conditions of these areas.  

Consumer   The
installment loan portfolio includes loans secured by personal property such as automobiles, marketable securities, other titled
recreational vehicles and motorcycles, as well as unsecured consumer debt. The value of underlying collateral within this class
is especially volatile due to potential rapid depreciation in values since date of loan origination in excess of principal repayment.  

Commercial
Real Estate   Real estate commercial loans consist of loans secured by multifamily housing, commercial non-owner and
owner occupied and other commercial real estate loans. The primary risk associated with multifamily loans is the ability of the
income-producing property that collateralizes the loan to produce adequate cash flow to service the debt. High unemployment or
generally weak economic conditions may result in our customer having to provide rental rate concessions to achieve adequate occupancy
rates. Commercial owner-occupied and other commercial real estate loans are primarily dependent on the ability of our customers
to achieve business results consistent with those projected at loan origination resulting in cash flow sufficient to service the
debt. To the extent that a customer s business results are significantly unfavorable versus the original projections, the
ability for our loan to be serviced on a basis consistent with the contractual terms may be at risk. These loans are primarily
secured by real property and can include other collateral such as personal guarantees, personal property, or business assets such
as inventory or accounts receivable, it is possible that the liquidation of the collateral will not fully satisfy the obligation.
Also, due to the concentration of loans in the metro Atlanta and Birmingham areas, we are susceptible to changes in market and
economic conditions of these areas.  

Single-family
Residential            Real
estate residential loans are to individuals and are secured by 1-4 family residential property. Significant and rapid declines
in real estate values can result in residential mortgage loan borrowers having debt levels in excess of the current market value
of the collateral. Such a decline in values has led to unprecedented levels of foreclosures and losses during 2008-2012 within
the banking industry.   

Construction
and Development   Real estate construction loans are highly dependent on the supply and demand for residential and
commercial real estate in the markets we serve as well as the demand for newly constructed commercial space and residential homes
and lots that our customers are developing. Continuing deterioration in demand could result in significant decreases in the underlying
collateral values and make repayment of the outstanding loans more difficult for our customers. Real estate construction loans
can experience delays in completion and cost overruns that exceed the borrower s financial ability to complete the project.
Such cost overruns can routinely result in foreclosure of partially completed and unmarketable collateral.  

Risk
categories   The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of
borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public
information, and current economic trends, among other factors. The Company analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans
as to credit risk. Loans classified as substandard or special mention are reviewed quarterly by the Company for further deterioration
or improvement to determine if appropriately classified and impairment, if any. All other loan relationships greater than $750,000
are reviewed at least annually to determine the appropriate loan grading. In addition, during the renewal process of any loan,
as well as if a loan becomes past due, the Company will evaluate the loan grade.  

Loans
excluded from the scope of the annual review process above are generally classified as pass credits until: (a) they become
past due; (b) management becomes aware of deterioration in the credit worthiness of the borrower; or (c) the customer
contacts the Company for a modification. In these circumstances, the loan is specifically evaluated for potential classification
as to special mention, substandard or even charged off. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings:  

Special
Mention  Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left
uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the institution s
credit position at some future date.  

Substandard
 Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and payment capacity of the obligor or
of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation
of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies
are not corrected.  

Doubtful
 Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic
that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values,
highly questionable and improbable.  

The following
table presents our loan portfolio by risk rating (in thousands):  

During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not modify any loan that was considered to be a troubled debt
restructuring. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company modified one (1) and five (5) loans, respectively,
that were considered to be troubled debt restructurings. We extended the terms and decreased the interest rate on these loans
(dollars in thousands).  

There were
no   loans restructured during the last twelve months that experienced payment default subsequent
to restructuring during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016. During the three and nine month periods ended
September 30, 2015, there was one (1) loan restructured during the last twelve months that experienced payment default subsequent
to restructuring.  

The Company
considers a default as failure to comply with the restructured loan agreement. This would include the restructured loan being
past due greater than 90 days, failure to comply with financial covenants, or failure to maintain current insurance coverage or
real estate taxes after the loan restructure date.  

4.
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS   

  The Company
measures or monitors certain of its assets and liabilities on a fair value basis. Fair value is used on a recurring basis for
assets and liabilities that are elected to be accounted for under ASC guidance as well as certain assets and liabilities in which
fair value is the primary basis of accounting. Depending on the nature of the asset or liability, the Company uses various valuation
techniques and assumptions when estimating fair value, which are in accordance with the guidance for determining the fair value
of a financial asset when the market for that asset is not active.  

In accordance
with ASC guidance, the Company applied the following fair value hierarchy:  

Level 1 Quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets and liabilities include debt and equity securities
and derivative contracts that are traded in an active exchange market, as well as U.S. Treasury and other highly liquid investments
that are actively traded in over-the-counter markets.  

Level 2 Observable
inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not
active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of
the assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets and liabilities include debt securities with quoted prices that are traded less frequently
than exchange-traded instruments and derivative contracts whose value is determined using a pricing model with inputs that are
observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. This category generally
includes U.S. Government and agency mortgage-backed debt securities, certain derivative contracts and impaired loans.  

Level 3 Unobservable
inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.
Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow
methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management
judgment or estimation. For example, this category generally includes certain private equity investments, retained residual interests
in securitizations, residential mortgage servicing rights, and highly structured or long-term derivative contracts.  

Investment
Securities Available for Sale Investment securities available for sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.
Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured
using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted
for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions, and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. Level 1 securities
include those traded on an active exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange, Treasury securities that are traded by dealers
or brokers in active over-the counter markets and money market funds. Level 2 securities include mortgage backed securities issued
by government sponsored entities, municipal bonds and corporate debt securities. Securities classified as Level 3 include asset-backed
securities in less liquid markets.  

Other
Real Estate Owned Assets acquired through or instead of loan foreclosure are initially recorded at fair value less estimated
costs to sell when acquired, establishing a new cost basis. These assets are subsequently accounted for at lower of cost or fair
value less estimated costs to sell. The fair value of other real estate owned is generally based on recent real estate appraisals.
These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income
approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable
sales and income data available. Such adjustments are typically significant and result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs
for determining fair value. In addition, the Company may further adjust an appraised amount given its knowledge of a specific
property or market.  

Loans The
Company does not record loans at fair value on a recurring basis; however, from time to time, a loan is considered impaired, and
an allowance for loan loss is established. Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made
in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan are considered impaired. Once a loan is identified as individually impaired,
management measures impairment. The fair value of impaired loans is estimated using one of several methods, including the collateral
value, market value of similar debt, and discounted cash flows. Those impaired loans not requiring a specific allowance represent
loans for which the fair value of expected repayments or collateral exceed the recorded investment in such loans. At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, substantially all of the impaired loans were evaluated based upon the fair value of the collateral.
Impaired loans where an allowance is established based on the fair value of collateral require classification in the fair value
hierarchy. The fair value of collateral dependent impaired loans is generally based on recent real estate appraisals. These appraisals
may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments
are routinely made in the appraisal process by the appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income
data available. Such adjustments are typically significant and result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining
fair value. In addition, the Company may further adjust an appraised amount given its knowledge of a specific property or market.
Impaired loans are evaluated on a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly.  

The following
tables present financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis and the change in fair value for
those specific financial instruments in which fair value has been elected. (there were no financial liabilities measured at fair
value for the periods being reported) (in thousands):  

For Level 3
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis as of September 30, 2016, the significant
unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements were as follows (dollars in thousands):   

Fair Value at       
     Valuation       
     Unobservable       

(Dollars in thousands)    
     September 30, 2016       
     Technique       
     Inputs       
     Range     
 
     Impaired Loans:    

Negative adjustment for        

Commercial Real Estate    
     $  8,803       
      Appraised        
      selling costs and changes in        
         5% - 20%      

Value        
      market conditions since        

appraisal        

Negative adjustment for        

Single-family Residential    
     $  215       
      Appraised        
      selling costs and changes in        
         5% - 20%      

Value        
      market conditions since        

appraisal        

Negative adjustment for        

Commercial    
     $  74       
      Appraised        
      selling costs and changes in        
         5% - 20%      

Value        
      market conditions since        

appraisal        

Negative adjustment for        

OREO    
     $  2,853       
      Appraised        
      selling costs and changes in        
         5% - 20%      

Value        
      market conditions since        

appraisal        

As of
December 31, 2015, the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements were as follows (dollars in thousands):  

Fair Value at       
     Valuation       
     Unobservable       

(Dollars in thousands)    
     December 31, 2015       
     Technique       
     Inputs       
     Range     
 
     Impaired Loans:    

Negative adjustment for        

Commercial Real Estate    
     $  8,842       
      Appraised        
      selling costs and changes in        
         5% - 20%      

Value        
      market conditions since        

appraisal        

Negative adjustment for        

Single-family Residential    
     $  317       
      Appraised        
      selling costs and changes in        
         5% - 20%      

Value        
      market conditions since        

appraisal        

Negative adjustment for        

OREO    
     $  4,463       
      Appraised        
      selling costs and changes in        
         5% - 20%      

Value        
      market conditions since        

appraisal        

Following
are disclosures of fair value information about financial instruments, whether or not recognized on the balance sheet, for which
it is practicable to estimate that value. The assumptions used in the estimation of the fair values are based on estimates using
discounted cash flows and other valuation techniques. The use of discounted cash flows can be significantly affected by the assumptions
used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. The following disclosures should not be considered an estimate
of the liquidation value of the Company, but rather a good-faith estimate of the increase or decrease in the value of financial
instruments held by the Company since purchase, origination, or issuance.  

Cash,
Due from Banks, Federal Funds Sold, Interest-Bearing Deposits with Banks and Certificates of Deposits   Fair value
equals the carrying value of such assets due to their nature and is classified as Level 1.  

Investment
Securities   Fair value of investment securities is based on quoted market prices and is classified as Level 2.  

Other
Investments   The carrying amount of other investments approximates its fair value and is classified as Level 1.  

Loans   The
fair value of fixed rate loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans
would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings resulting in a Level 3 classification. For variable rate loans, the carrying
amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. The methods utilized to estimate the fair values of loans do not necessarily represent
an exit price. The carrying amount of related accrued interest receivable, due to its short-term nature, approximates its fair
value, is not significant and is not disclosed.  

Cash
Surrender Value of Life Insurance   Cash values of life insurance policies are carried at the value for which such
policies may be redeemed for cash and are classified as Level 1.  

Deposits   The
fair value of demand deposits, savings accounts, and certain money market deposits is the amount payable on demand at the reporting
date. The fair value of fixed rate certificates of deposit is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the rates currently
offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities and is classified as Level 2.  

Advances
from Federal Home Loan Bank   The fair values of advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank are estimated by discounting
the future cash flows using the rates currently available to the Bank for debt with similar remaining maturities and terms and
are classified as Level 2.  

Commitments
to Extend Credit and Commercial Letters of Credit   Because commitments to extend credit and commercial letters of
credit are made using variable rates, or are recently executed, the contract value is a reasonable estimate of fair value.  

Limitations   Fair
value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial
instrument. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the Company s
entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. Because no market exists for a significant portion of the Company s
financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on many judgments. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve
uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could
significantly affect the estimates. Fair value estimates are based on existing on and off-balance-sheet financial instruments
without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets and liabilities that are not considered
financial instruments; for example, premises and equipment. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of the
unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered in the estimates.  

The following
presents the carrying amount, fair value, and placement in the fair value hierarchy of the Company s financial instruments
as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  

The
carrying values and estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments at December 31, 2015 are as follows (in
thousands) :  

5.
OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED    

  Other real estate
owned is reported at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated disposal costs, determined on the basis of current appraisals,
comparable sales, and other estimates of value obtained principally from independent sources. Any excess of the loan balance at
the time of foreclosure over the fair value of the real estate held as collateral is treated as a charge-off against the allowance
for loan losses. Any subsequent declines in value are charged to earnings. Transactions in other real estate owned are summarized
below (in thousands):  

6. INTANGIBLE
ASSETS   

Finite
lived intangible assets of the Company represent deposit assumption premiums recorded upon the purchase of certain assets and
liabilities from other financial institutions. Deposit assumption premiums are amortized over seven years, the estimated average
lives of the deposit bases acquired, using the straight-line method and are included within other assets on the Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets. During the first quarter of 2016, the deposit premium became fully amortized.  

The Company
applies a fair value-based impairment test to the carrying value of goodwill on an annual basis and on an interim basis if certain
events or circumstances indicate that an impairment loss may have been incurred.  

The following
table presents information about the Company s intangible assets (in thousands):  

The following
table presents information about aggregate amortization expense (in thousands):  

7. NET
INCOME PER COMMON AND COMMON EQUIVALENT SHARE   

Basic and
diluted net income per share available to common and potential common stockholders has been calculated based on the weighted average
number of shares outstanding.  

Options
with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the Company s stock during the periods are excluded from computation
of diluted earnings per share. Options with exercise prices lower than the average market price of the Company s stock during
the periods are considered dilutive and are therefore included in the computation of diluted earnings per share.  

The following
table presents the number of options that are considered antidilutive and dilutive in the computation of diluted earnings per
share:  

The following
schedule reconciles the numerator and denominator of the basic and diluted net income per share available to common and potential
common stockholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands, except per share data):  

8. SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS   

The Company
evaluated subsequent events through the date its financial statements were issued.  

9.
   RECLASSIFICATIONS   

Certain
amounts in the 2015 consolidated financial statements were reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation. These reclassifications
had no effect on shareholders  equity or the results of operations as previously presented.  

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   

INTRODUCTION   

Citizens
Bancshares Corporation (the  Company ) is a holding company that provides a full range of commercial and personal
banking services to individuals and corporate customers in its primary market areas, metropolitan Atlanta and Columbus, Georgia,
and Birmingham and Eutaw, Alabama through its wholly owned subsidiary, Citizens Trust Bank (the  Bank ). The Bank
is a member of the Federal Reserve System and operates under a state charter. The Company serves its customers through 10 full-service
financial centers in Georgia and Alabama.  

Forward
Looking Statements   

In addition
to historical information, this report on Form 10-Q may contain forward-looking statements. For this purpose, any statements contained
herein, including documents incorporated by reference, that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. Without limiting the foregoing,
the words  believe,   anticipates,   plan,  expects,  and similar expressions are intended
to identify forward-looking statements.  

Forward-looking
statements are based on current management expectations and, by their nature, are subject to risk and uncertainties because of
the possibility of changes in underlying factors and assumptions. Actual conditions, events or results could differ materially
from those contained in or implied by such forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including: sharp and/or rapid
changes in interest rates; significant changes in the economic scenario from the current anticipated scenario which could materially
change anticipated credit quality trends and the ability to generate loans and gather deposits; significant delay in or inability
to execute strategic initiatives designed to grow revenues and/or control expenses; unanticipated issues during the integration
of acquisitions; and significant changes in accounting, tax or regulatory practices or requirements. The Company undertakes no
obligation to, nor does it intend to, update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the
date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  

The following
discussion is of the Company s financial condition as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the changes in the
financial condition and results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

In response
to the Securities and Exchange Commission s ( SEC ) Release No. 33-8040, Cautionary Advice Regarding Disclosure
About Critical Accounting Policies, the Company has identified the following as the most critical accounting policies upon which
its financial status depends. The critical policies were determined by considering accounting policies that involve the most complex
or subjective decisions or assessments. The Company s most critical accounting policies relate to:  

Investment
Securities    -   The Company
classifies investments in one of three categories based on management s intent upon purchase: held to maturity securities
which are reported at amortized cost, trading securities which are reported at fair value with unrealized holding gains and losses
included in earnings, and available for sale securities which are recorded at fair value with unrealized holding gains and losses
included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. The Company had no investment securities classified as trading
securities during 2016 or 2015.  

Premiums
and discounts on available for sale and held to maturity securities are amortized or accreted using a method which approximates
a level yield.  

Gains
and losses on sales of investment securities are recognized upon disposition, based on the adjusted cost of the specific security.
A decline in market value of any security below cost that is deemed other than temporary is charged to earnings or OCI resulting
in the establishment of a new cost basis for the security.  

Loans
   -   Loans are reported at
principal amounts outstanding less unearned income and the allowance for loan losses. Interest income on loans is recognized on
a level-yield basis. Loan fees and certain direct origination costs are deferred and amortized over the estimated terms of the
loans using the level-yield method. Discounts on loans purchased are accreted using the level-yield method over the estimated
remaining life of the loan purchased.  

Allowance
for Loan Losses  - The Company provides for estimated losses on loans receivable when any significant and permanent decline
in value occurs. These estimates for losses are based, not only on individual assets and their related cash flow forecasts, sales
values, and independent appraisals, but also on the volatility of certain real estate markets, and the concern for disposing of
real estate in distressed markets. For loans that are pooled for purposes of determining the necessary provisions, estimates are
based on loan types, history of charge-offs, and other delinquency analyses. Therefore, the value used to determine the provision
for losses is subject to the reasonableness of these estimates. The adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is reviewed on a
monthly basis by management and the Board of Directors. On a semi-annual basis an independent comprehensive review of the methodology
and allocation of the allowance for loan losses is performed. This assessment is made in the context of historical losses as well
as existing economic conditions, and individual concentrations of credit. Loans are charged against the allowance when, in the
opinion of management, such loans are deemed uncollectible and subsequent recoveries are added to the allowance.  

Other
Real Estate Owned  -   Other real estate owned is reported at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated disposal
costs, determined on the basis of current appraisals, comparable sales, and other estimates of value obtained principally from
independent sources. Any excess of the loan balance at the time of foreclosure over the fair value of the real estate held as
collateral is treated as a charge-off against the allowance for loan losses. Any subsequent declines in value are charged to earnings.  

Income
Taxes  - Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the assets and
liabilities are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date.  

In
the event the future tax consequences of differences between the financial reporting bases and the tax bases of the Company s
assets and liabilities result in deferred tax assets, an evaluation of the probability of being able to realize the future benefits
indicated by such assets is required. A valuation allowance is provided for the portion of a deferred tax asset when it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. In assessing the realizability of the
deferred tax assets, management considers the scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income,
and tax planning strategies.  

The
Company believes that its income tax filing positions taken or expected to be taken in its tax returns will more likely than not
be sustained upon audit by the taxing authorities and does not anticipate any adjustments that will result in a material adverse
impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flow. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income
tax positions have been recorded.  

A description
of other accounting policies are summarized in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The Company has followed
those policies in preparing this report.  

FINANCIAL
CONDITION   

At September
30, 2016, the Company had total assets of $406,754,000 compared to $388,620,000 at December 31, 2015. The $18,134,000 increase
is primarily related to an increase in interest-bearing deposits with banks of $5,164,000 and net loans of $12,622,000 and other
aggregate assets of $348,000. Other real estate owned (OREO) decreased by $1,610,000. Interest-bearing deposits
with banks primarily represent funds maintained on deposit at the Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) and the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB).
These funds fluctuate daily and are used to manage the Company s liquidity. At September 30, 2016, total assets consisted
primarily of $123,598,000 in investment securities and $197,458,000 in net loans representing 30% and 49% of total assets, respectively.
Investment securities and net loans represented 32% and 48% of total assets at December 31, 2015.  

Loans
typically provide higher interest yields than other types of interest-earning assets and, therefore, continue to be the largest
component of the Company s assets. We saw meaningful growth in our net loans receivable
at September 30, 2016 reflecting the additional resources that we added to our lending area. The increases were principally in construction and development of $6,167,000, commercial, financial and agriculture of $4,118,000, commercial
real estate of $2,087,000, and consumer loans of $551,000 coupled with a net decrease in allowance for loan losses of $241,000;
offset by a decline in single-family residential loans of $542,000. The Company continues to pursue opportunities to enhance its
lending as well as investing in the resources needed to strengthen these efforts.  

At September
30, 2016, OREO decreased by $1,610,000 to $2,853,000 compared to $4,463,000 reported at the year-end of 2015. This decrease is
primarily related to the sale of OREO properties totaling $1,871,000 and $140,000 in write-downs, partially offset by $401,000
in additions to the OREO balance during the nine months period ended September 30, 2016.  

Cash
value of life insurance, a comprehensive compensation program for directors and certain senior managers of the Company, increased
by $200,000 to $10,290,000 at September 30, 2016. The increase is primarily due to the earnings on the premiums paid over the
life of the insurance contract during the nine months period ended September 30, 2016.  

The Company s
liabilities at September 30, 2016 totaled $353,914,000 and consisted primarily of $343,688,000 in deposits, which increased by
$14,826,000 compared to total deposits of $328,862,000 at December 31, 2015. Accrued expenses and other liabilities were $5,006,000,
representing an increase of $859,000 compared to $4,147,000 at December 31, 2015 primarily in deferred income taxes and accrued
other expenses. FHLB advances totaled $5,220,000 at September 30, 2016 compared to $5,235,000 at December 31, 2015.  

The Company s
asset/liability management program, which monitors the Company s interest rate sensitivity as well as volume and mix changes
in earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, may impact the growth of the Company s balance sheet as it seeks to
maximize net interest income and minimize its interest rate risk.  

INVESTMENT
SECURITIES   

The composition
of the Company s investment securities portfolio reflects the Company s investment strategy of maximizing portfolio yields commensurate
with risk and liquidity considerations. The primary objective of the Company s investment strategy is to maintain an appropriate
level of liquidity and provide a tool to assist in controlling the Company s interest rate sensitivity position, while at the
same time producing adequate levels of interest income.  

At September
30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, the investment securities portfolio represented approximately 30% and 32%, respectively, of the
Company s total assets.  

LOANS  

  Loans outstanding,
by classification, are summarized as follows (in thousands):  

The Company
does not have any concentrations of loans exceeding 10% of total loans of which management is aware and which are not otherwise
disclosed as a category of loans in the table above or in other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. A substantial
portion of the Company s loan portfolio is secured by real estate in metropolitan Atlanta and Birmingham.  

The largest
component of loans in the Company s loan portfolio is real estate loans.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
real estate loans, which represent commercial and industrial real estate and other loans secured by single-family properties,
totaled $136.7 million and $135.2 million, respectively, and represented 68.6% and 72.3% of loans, respectively, net of unearned
income for the period.  

As stated
above, a substantial portion of the Company s loan portfolio is collateralized by real estate in metropolitan Atlanta and
Birmingham markets. Accordingly, the ultimate collectability of a substantial portion of the Company s loan portfolio is
susceptible to changes in market conditions in the metropolitan Atlanta and Birmingham areas.  

The
                                         Company s loans to area convenience stores were approximately $4.9 million and
                                         $6.1 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Loans to convenience
                                         stores are generally secured by real estate.     

NONPERFORMING
ASSETS   

Nonperforming
assets include nonperforming loans, real estate acquired through foreclosure, and repossessed assets. Nonperforming loans generally
include loans and leases whose contractual terms have been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing
financial difficulties or are past due with respect to principal or interest more than 90 days and have been placed on nonaccrual
status.  

Accrued
interest income is reversed when a loan is placed on nonaccrual status. Interest collections on nonaccruing loans and leases for
which the ultimate collectability of principal is uncertain are applied as principal reductions; otherwise, such collections are
credited to income when received. Nonperforming loans may be restored to accrual status when all principal and interest is current
and the full repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is expected, or when the loan becomes well-secured
and is in the process of collection.  

With the
exception of the loans included within nonperforming assets in the table below, management is not aware of any loans classified
for regulatory purposes as loss, doubtful, substandard, or special mention that have not been disclosed which (1) represent or
result from trends or uncertainties which management reasonably expects will materially impact future operating results, liquidity,
or capital resources, or (2) represent any information on material credits of which management is aware that causes management
to have serious doubts as to the abilities of such borrowers to comply with the loan repayment terms.  

During
the nine months period ended September 30, 2016, nonperforming assets decreased by $2,359,000, or 31.5%, to $5,120,000
when compared to December 31, 2015. The year-to-date decrease is primarily attributed to declines in other real estate owned
(OREO) and nonperforming loans of $1,610,000 and $749,000, respectively. The Company charged-off $664,000 in nonperforming
loans during the nine months period which is an increase of $131,000 compared to $533,000 charged-off for the same period
last year. Charge-offs, net of recoveries, for the same period decreased by $73,000. At September 30, 2016, nonperforming
assets represented 1.26% of total assets compared to 1.92% at December 31, 2015. There were no loans greater than 90 days past
due and still accruing interest at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   

The table
below presents a summary of the Company s nonperforming assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

TROUBLED
DEBT RESTRUCTURINGS   

Loans
to be restructured are identified based on an assessment of the borrower s credit status, which involves, but is not limited
to, a review of financial statements, payment delinquency, non-accrual status, and risk rating. Determining the borrower s
credit status is a continual process that is performed by the Company s staff with periodic participation from an independent
external loan review group.  

Troubled
debt restructurings ( TDR ) generally occur when a borrower is experiencing, or is expected to experience, financial
difficulties in the near-term and it is probable that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the
contractual terms of the loan agreement. The Company seeks to assist these borrowers by working with them to prevent further difficulties,
and ultimately to improve the likelihood of recovery on the loan while ensuring compliance with the Federal Financial Institutions
Examination Council (FFIEC) guidelines. To facilitate this process, a formal concessionary modification that would not otherwise
be considered may be granted resulting in classification of the loan as a TDR. All concessionary modifications are considered
troubled debt restructurings.  

The modification
may include a change in the interest rate or the payment amount or a combination of both. Substantially all modifications completed
under a formal restructuring agreement are considered TDRs. Modifications can involve loans remaining on nonaccrual, moving to
nonaccrual, or continuing on accruing status, depending on the individual facts and circumstances of the borrower. These restructurings
rarely result in the forgiveness of principal or interest.  

With
respect to commercial TDRs, an analysis of the credit evaluation, in conjunction with an evaluation of the borrower s performance
prior to the restructuring, are considered when evaluating the borrower s ability to meet the restructured terms of the
loan agreement. Nonperforming commercial TDRs may be returned to accrual status based on a current, well-documented credit evaluation
of the borrower s financial condition and prospects for repayment under the modified terms. This evaluation must include
consideration of the borrower s sustained historical repayment performance for a reasonable period (generally a minimum
of six months) prior to the date on which the loan is returned to accrual status.  

In connection
with consumer loan TDRs, a nonperforming loan will be returned to accruing status when current as to principal and interest and
upon a sustained historical repayment performance (generally a minimum of six months).  

The following
table summarizes the Company s TDRs and loans modifications (in thousands):  

ALLOWANCE
FOR LOAN LOSSES   

The allowance
for loan losses is primarily available to absorb losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Credit exposures deemed uncollectible
are charged against the allowance for loan losses.  

The Company
provides for estimated losses on loans receivable when any significant and permanent decline in value occurs. These estimates
for losses are based on individual assets and their cash flow forecasts, sales values, independent appraisals, the volatility
of certain real estate markets, and concern for disposing of real estate in distressed markets. For loans that are pooled for
purposes of determining the necessary provisions, estimates are based on loan types, history of charge-offs, and other delinquency
analyses. Therefore, the value used to determine the provision for losses is subject to the reasonableness of these estimates.
The adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is reviewed on a monthly basis by management and the Board of Directors. On an annual
basis, an independent review of the adequacy of allowance for loan losses is performed. This assessment is made in the context
of historical losses as well as existing economic conditions, and individual concentrations of credit.  

Portions
of the allowance for loan losses may be allocated for specific loans or portfolio segments. However, the entire allowance for
loan losses is available for any loan that, in the judgment of management, should be charged-off. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company was able to recapture previous provision for loan losses of $63,000 primarily due to the receipt of two
large recoveries in the second quarter of 2016. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, provision for loan losses of $200,000
was charged against operating earnings based on growth of the loan portfolio and the Company s evaluation of the loan portfolio.
Approximately $615,000 of the allowance for loan losses was allocated to loans management considered impaired at September 30,
2016 compared to $650,000 at December 31, 2015.  

At September
30, 2016, management believes the allowance for loan losses is adequate. Management uses available information to recognize losses
on loans; however, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions, particularly in
the metropolitan Atlanta, Georgia and Birmingham, Alabama areas. In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their
examination process, periodically review the Company s allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require the Company
to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination.  

The following
table summarizes loans, changes in the allowance for loan losses arising from loans charged off, recoveries on loans previously
charged off by loan category, and additions to the allowance which have been charged to operating expense as of and for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (amount in thousands, except financial ratios):  

The following
table presents the allocation of the allowance for loan losses. The allocation is based on an evaluation of defined loan problems,
historical ratios of loan losses, and other factors that may affect future loan losses in the categories of loans shown (amount
in thousands):  

DEPOSITS   

Deposits
are the Company s primary source of funding loan growth. Total deposits at September 30, 2016 increased by 4.5% or $14,826,000
to $343,688,000 compared to December 31, 2015. The bank has a stable core deposit base with a high percentage of non-interest
bearing deposits. Noninterest-bearing deposits increased by $1,375,000, or approximately 1.6% to $89,918,000 and interest-bearing
deposits increased by $13,451,000, or 5.6%, to $253,770,000 for the nine months period ending September 30, 2016. On
an average basis, noninterest-bearing deposits increased by $4,612,000 to $97,185,000 during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to $92,573,000 for the year ended December 31, 2015. Average interest-bearing deposits increased by $281,000
to $251,775,000 at September 30, 2016 compared to $251,494,000 for the year ended December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, the
Company s cost of funds was approximately 0.18% compared to 0.20% for the same period last year.  

The Company
participates in Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Services ( CDARS ), a program that allows its customers the
ability to benefit from the FDIC insurance coverage on their time deposits over the $250,000 limit. At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Company had $21,328,000 and $21,020,000, respectively, in CDARS deposits. Participation in this program
has enhanced the Company s ability to retain customers with time deposits higher than the FDIC $250,000 insurance coverage
limit.  

Time deposits
that meet or exceed the FDIC Insurance limit of $250,000 were $35,551,000 and $35,020,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively.  

The following
is a summary of interest-bearing deposits (in thousands):  

OTHER
BORROWED FUNDS    

The Company
continues to emphasize funding earning asset growth through core deposits; however, the Company has relied on other borrowings
as a supplemental funding source. Other borrowings consist of Federal funds purchased, short-term borrowings, and FHLB advances.  

These advances
are collateralized by FHLB stock, a blanket lien on 1-4 family and multifamily mortgage loans, certain commercial real estate
loans and investment securities. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, total loans pledged as collateral were $29,602,000
and $27,033,000, respectively.  

(2)    Represents
                                         an Affordable Housing Program (AHP) award used to subsidize loans for homeownership or
                                         rental initiatives. The AHP is a principal reducing credit, scheduled to mature on August
                                         17, 2026 with an interest rate of zero.    

At September
30, 2016 the Company had approximately a $103.3 million line of credit facility at the FHLB of which $25.2 million was committed
consisting of advances of $5,220,000 and a letter of credit to secure public deposits in the amount of $20.0 million. The Company
also had approximately $27.9 million of borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve Bank discount window and an unsecured $4.0 million
fed funds line of credit.  

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS   

Net
Interest Income:   

Net interest
income is the principal component of a financial institution s income stream and represents the difference, or spread, between
interest and fee income generated from earning assets and the interest expense paid on deposits and borrowed funds. Fluctuations
in interest rates as well as volume and mix changes in earning assets and interest bearing liabilities can materially impact net
interest income.  

For the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016, net interest income decreased by $182,000 or 5.7% to $3,013,000 compared to $3,195,000 reported
for the same period last year. Total interest income decreased by $181,000, or 5.4%, to $3,186,000 compared to $3,367,000 for
the same three months period in 2015. Interest income on loans decreased by $199,000 due to a 71 bps decrease in yields earned
on loans while the average loan balances increased by $10,241,000 compared to the same period last year. Interest income on investment
securities decreased by $46,000 primarily due to a 10 bps decrease in investment yields and lower average balances compared to
third quarter of 2015. This decline was offset by an increase in interest earned on federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits
of $64,000 compared to the same period last year. Total interest expense for the period increased by $1,000 compared to the same
three months period in 2015 as the Company continues to manage the funding cost and deposit mix. At September 30, 2016, the Company s
cost of funds was approximately 0.18% compared to 0.20% for the same period last year.  

On a year-to-date
basis, net interest income decreased by $233,000 or 2.5% to $8,937,000 compared to $9,170,000 reported for the same period last
year. Total interest income decreased by $261,000 or 2.7% to $9,444,000 compared to the same nine months period in 2015. Interest
income on loans decreased by $338,000 while interest income on federal funds sold and interest bearing deposits increased by $174,000
compared to the same period in 2015. Interest income on investment securities decreased by $91,000 primarily due to a 5 bps decrease
in investment yields and the investment portfolio having a lower average investment balance compared to the same period in 2015.
Total interest expense for the nine months period ended September 30, 2016, decreased by $28,000 or 5.2% compared to the same
period in 2015 as the Company lowered its funding cost and improved its deposit mix.  

For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company maintained an annualized net interest margin on a fully tax equivalent basis
of 3.29% compared to 3.47% reported at September 30, 2015. The decrease in the net interest margin on a fully tax equivalent basis
compared to the same period last year is primarily due to the paydown of higher rate legacy loans that are being replaced by lower
yielding loans. Similarly, interest income on investment securities declined due to lower investment yields caused by higher yielding
bonds being paid down, maturing or being called and being replaced with lower yielding securities. The Company is mindful of the
interest rate risk of investing in a low rate environment which would negatively impact its liquidity and capital position in
a rising rate environment.  

The Company
has an asset/liability management program which monitors the Company s interest rate sensitivity and ensures the Company is competitive
in the loan and deposit market. The Company continues to monitor its asset/liability mix and will make changes as appropriate
to ensure it is properly positioned to react to changing interest rates and inflationary trends.  

Provision
for loan losses   

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company charged against operating earnings a provision for loan
losses of $37,000 and $75,000, respectively. The lower provision during the quarter was due to continued improvement of the
loan quality in the portfolio.  

For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company was able to recapture previous provision for loan losses of $63,000 primarily
due to the receipt of two large recoveries in the second quarter of 2016. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company
charged against operating earnings a provision for loan losses of $200,000.  

The allowance
for loan losses was $1,883,000, $2,124,000, and $2,248,000 at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015, and September 30, 2015, respectively.
The allowance for loan losses was 83.06%, 70.42%, and 51.81% of nonperforming loans at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015,
and September 30, 2015, respectively. The provision for loan losses and the resulting allowance for loan losses are based on changes
in the size and character of the Company s loan portfolio, changes in nonperforming and past due loans, the existing risk
of individual loans, concentrations of loans to specific borrowers or industries, and economic conditions. At September 30, 2016,
the Company considered its allowance for loan losses to be adequate.  

Noninterest
income:   

Noninterest
income consists of revenues generated from a broad range of financial services and activities, including fee-based services and
commissions earned through insurance sales. In addition, gains and losses realized from the sale of investment portfolio securities
and sales of assets are included in noninterest income.  

Noninterest
income totaled $1,217,000 for the three months period ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $148,000, or 13.8% compared with
the same period last year. This increase is primarily in gains on the sale of investment securities of $92,000. There were no
gains on sale of investment securities for the same period in 2015. The service charges on deposits income increased by $32,000
and other operating income increased by $22,000 compared to the same period last year.  

For the
year-to-date, noninterest income increased by $31,000 to $3,323,000 compared to the same period last year. This increase was
primarily in other operating income which increased by $247,000; offset by a decrease in gains on the sale of investments of
$220,000. Gain on sale of securities was $201,000 compared to $421,000 in 2015. Service charges on deposits increased by
$2,000. The increase in other operating income was primarily due to a $186,000 legal judgment that the Company collected and
a $78,000 recovery in the second quarter of 2016.   

Noninterest
expense:   

Noninterest
expense includes compensation and benefits, occupancy expenses, advertising and marketing, professional fees, office supplies,
data processing, telephone expenses, miscellaneous items, and other losses.  

Non-interest
expense in the third quarter of 2016 decreased by $192,000 to $3,470,000 compared to $3,662,000 for the same quarter last year
primarily due to a decrease of $118,000 in the amortization of core deposit intangible which was fully amortized in the first
quarter of 2016. Salaries and employee benefits expense decreased by $8,000. Net occupancy and equipment expense increased by
$8,000 compared to the same period of last year. OREO related expenses decreased by $73,000 compared to the same period last year
primarily due to a gain on sale of OREO. FDIC insurance expenses decreased by $60,000 compared to the same period in the prior
year. Other operating expenses increased by $59,000 compared to the same period in the prior year.  

For the nine
months period ended September 30, 2016, non-interest expense decreased by $668,000 to $10,132,000 compared to $10,800,000 for
the same period last year. Salaries and employee benefits expense increased by $46,000 due to the hiring of additional lending
officers to enhance loan production, and the filling of one officer level position that was vacant in early 2015. Net occupancy
and equipment expense decreased by $36,000 primarily due to lower rent expense, building maintenance expense and insurance costs
compared to the same period of last year. OREO related expenses declined by $320,000 due to the gain on sale of OREO of $269,000
during 2016 and lower OREO taxes of $56,000 compared to the same period in 2015. Amortization of core deposit intangible decreased
by $236,000 which was fully amortized in the first quarter of 2016. FDIC insurance expenses decreased by $81,000 compared to the
same period in the prior year. Other operating expenses decreased by $41,000 compared to the same period in the prior year. The
decline in other operating expenses is in multiple expense categories as the Company continues to manage its expenses in line
with the decline in interest income caused by the prolonged low interest rate environment.   

INTEREST
RATE SENSITIVITY MANAGEMENT   

Interest rate
sensitivity management involves managing the potential impact of interest rate movements on net interest income within acceptable
levels of risk. The Company seeks to accomplish this by structuring the balance sheet so that repricing opportunities exist for
both assets and liabilities in equivalent amounts and time intervals. Imbalances in these repricing opportunities at any point
in time constitute a financial institution s interest rate risk. The Company s ability to reprice assets and liabilities
in the same dollar amounts and at the same time minimizes interest rate risk.  

One method
of measuring the impact of interest rate sensitivity is the cumulative gap analysis. The difference between interest rate sensitive
assets and interest rate sensitive liabilities at various time intervals is referred to as the gap. The Company is liability sensitive
on a short-term basis as reflected in the following table. Generally, a net liability sensitive position indicates that there
would be a negative impact on net interest income in an increasing rate environment. However, interest rate sensitivity gap does
not necessarily indicate the impact of general interest rate movements on the net interest margin, since all interest rates and
yields do not adjust at the same velocity and the repricing of various categories of assets and liabilities is subject to competitive
pressures and the needs of the Company s customers. In addition, various assets and liabilities indicated as repricing within
the same period may in fact reprice at different times within such period and at different rates. The following table shows the
contractual maturities of all interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities at September 30, 2016. Expected maturities may differ
from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment
penalties. Taking a conservative approach, the Company has included demand deposits such as NOW, money market, and savings accounts
in the three month category. However, the actual repricing of these accounts may extend beyond twelve months. The interest rate
sensitivity gap is only a general indicator of potential effects of interest rate changes on net interest income.  

The following
table sets forth the distribution of the repricing of the Company s interest rate sensitive assets and interest rate sensitive
liabilities as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  

(a) Savings, NOW, and money market deposits
totaling $138,436 are included in the maturing in 3 months classification. 

LIQUIDITY   

Liquidity
is the ability of the Company to convert assets into cash or cash equivalents without significant loss and to raise additional
funds by increasing liabilities. Liquidity management involves maintaining the Company s ability to meet the day-to-day cash flow
requirements of its customers, whether they are depositors wishing to withdraw funds or borrowers requiring funds to meet their
credit needs. Without proper liquidity management, the Company would not be able to perform the primary function of a financial
intermediary and would, therefore, not be able to meet the needs of the communities it serves. Additionally, the Company requires
cash for various operating needs including: dividends to shareholders; business combinations; capital injections to its subsidiary;
the servicing of debt; and the payment of general corporate expenses. The Company has access to various capital markets and on
March 6, 2009, the Company issued 7,462 shares of a Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, to the U.S. Department
of the Treasury ( Treasury ) under the TARP Program for an investment of $7,462,000. On August 13, 2010, the Company
exchanged the outstanding 7,462 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for 7,462 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. No monetary consideration
was given in connection with this exchange. The Company also issued 4,379 shares of Series C Preferred Stock for $4,379,000 to
the Treasury on September 17, 2010. However, the primary source of liquidity for the Company is dividends from its bank subsidiary.
Statutory and regulatory limitations apply to the Bank s payment of dividends to the Company as well as the Company s
payment of dividends to its stockholders. The Georgia Department of Banking and Finance regulates the Bank s dividend payments
and must approve dividend payments that exceed 50 percent of the Bank s prior year net income. The payment of dividends
may also be affected or limited by other factors, such as the requirement by federal agencies to maintain adequate capital above
regulatory guidelines and that bank holding companies and insured banks pay dividends out of current earnings. 

Asset and
liability management functions not only serve to assure adequate liquidity in order to meet the needs of the Company s customers,
but also to maintain an appropriate balance between interest-sensitive assets and interest-sensitive liabilities so that the Company
can earn a return that meets the investment requirements of its shareholders. Daily monitoring of the sources and uses of funds
is necessary to maintain an acceptable cash position that meets both requirements.  

The asset
portion of the balance sheet provides liquidity primarily through loan principal repayments, maturities of investment securities
and, to a lesser extent, sales or paydowns of investment securities available for sale and held to maturity. Other short-term
investments such as federal funds sold and maturing interest bearing deposits with other banks are additional sources of liquidity
funding.  

The liability
portion of the balance sheet provides liquidity through various customers  interest bearing and noninterest bearing deposit accounts.
Federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings from the Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window and the Federal Home Loan
Bank are additional sources of liquidity and, basically, represent the Company s incremental borrowing capacity. At September
30, 2016 the Company had approximately a $103.3 million line of credit facility at the FHLB of which $25.2 million was committed
consisting of advances of $5,220,000 and a letter of credit to secure public deposits in the amount of $20.0 million. The Company
also had approximately $27.9 million of borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve Bank discount window and an unsecured $4.0 million
fed funds line of credit. These sources of liquidity are short-term in nature and are used as necessary to fund asset growth and
meet short-term liquidity needs. The Company does not anticipate any liquidity requirements in the near future that it will not
be able to meet.  

CAPITAL
RESOURCES   

Stockholders 
equity increased by $2,464,000 during the nine months period ended September 30, 2016 due to multiple factors. Accumulated other
comprehensive income, net of income taxes, increased by $1,088,000. This increase is attributed to the volatility in interest
rates and swings in credit spreads, and their impact on the fair value of the Company s available for sale securities portfolio.
Retained earnings increased by $1,303,000 primarily due to a net income of $1,655,000; offset by $178,000 of preferred dividends
paid to the U.S. Treasury and $174,000 in cash dividends paid to common stockholders. Additional paid-in-capital increased by
$127,000 due to the increase in nonvested restricted stock; offset by the issuance of common stock associated with restricted
stock.  

Quantitative
measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company to maintain minimum amount and ratios of total
and Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets, and Tier 1 capital to average assets. Effective January 1, 2015, the regulation now
also requires the Company to maintain a minimum amount and ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets. Furthermore,
effective January 1, 2016, in addition to the minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios, banking organizations must maintain
a  capital conservation buffer  consisting of CET1 in an amount equal to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets in order to
avoid restrictions on their ability to make capital distributions and to pay certain discretionary bonus payments to executive
officers. At September 30, 2016, the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject and
are considered to be   well capitalized  under regulatory standards.  

The following
table presents regulatory capital adequancy ratios for the Company and the Bank as at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

ITEM   3.       QUANTITATIVE
                                         AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

This information
is not required since the Company qualifies as a smaller reporting company.  

ITEM   4.      CONTROLS
                                         AND PROCEDURES   

As of
the end of the period covered by this report, we conducted, under the supervision of and with the participation of our management,
including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September
30, 2016 in accumulating and communicating information to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures of that information under the SEC s rules
and forms and that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information required
to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the specified time periods. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there have been no changes in the
Company s internal controls over financial reporting or, to the Company s knowledge, in other factors that could significantly
change those internal controls subsequent to the date the Company carried out its evaluation that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However, the design of any system of
controls and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote.  

PART II.
OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM   1.       LEGAL
                                         PROCEEDINGS   

The
Company and the Bank are involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion
of management, based in part on the advice of counsel, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse
impact on the Company s consolidated financial position.  

ITEM   1A.      RISK
                                         FACTORS   

We
believe there have been no material changes from the factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. You should carefully consider the factors discussed in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results.   

ITEM   2.      UNREGISTERED
                                         SALE OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   

None   

ITEM   3.      DEFAULTS
                                         UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

None   

ITEM   4.      MINE
                                         SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not
Applicable   

ITEM   5.      OTHER
                                         INFORMATION   

None   

ITEM   6.      EXHIBITS   

Exhibit 31   

Certification
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

Exhibit
32    

Certification
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

Exhibit
101    

Interactive
data files providing financial information from the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q as of and for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 in XBRL. Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not
filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability.  

SIGNATURES   

In accordance
with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.  

CITIZENS
BANCSHARES CORPORATION   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Cynthia N. Day   

Cynthia N. Day   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/
    Samuel J. Cox   

Samuel J. Cox   

Executive Vice President and   

Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31>
 2
 e00595_ex31.htm

We,
Cynthia N. Day, and Samuel J. Cox certify that:  

1.    We
                                         have reviewed this quarterly report of Citizens Bancshares Corporation on Form 10-Q for
                                         the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016;    

2.    Based
                                         on our knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
                                         fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
                                         of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
                                         to the period covered by this quarterly report;    

3.    Based
                                         on our knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
                                         in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
                                         results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this quarterly report;    

4.    We
                                         are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
                                         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial
                                         reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
                                         and we have:    

a)    designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report
                                         is being prepared;    

b)    designed
                                         such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
                                         financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
                                         regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                         for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)    evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
                                         in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                                         procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
                                         and    

d)    disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
                                         that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
                                         fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
                                         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting; and    

5.    We
                                         have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
                                         reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
                                         board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a)    all
                                         significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
                                         controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
                                         and    

b)    any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Cynthia N. Day   

Cynthia N. Day   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Samuel J. Cox   

Samuel J. Cox   

Executive Vice President and   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 e00595_ex32.htm

The certifications
set forth below are hereby submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to, and solely for the purpose of complying
with, Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code in connection with the filing on the date hereof with the
Securities and Exchange Commission of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  

Each of the
undersigned hereby certifies in their capacity as an officer of Citizens Bancshares Corporation and subsidiary (the  Company )
that, to their knowledge on the date of this certification, the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that
the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at
the end of such period and the results of operations of the Company for such period.  

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Cynthia N. Day   

Cynthia N. Day   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Samuel J. Cox   

Samuel J. Cox   

Executive Vice President and   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 czbs-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 czbs-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 czbs-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 czbs-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 czbs-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 czbs-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

