<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q_edgar_data_1547015_0001017386-16-000595_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>624154</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>42719</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>50576</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>142532</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>212254</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>153675</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>6</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001017386-16-000595.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114211438
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001017386-16-000595
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001547015
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FARM MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3523]
		IRS NUMBER:				452725352
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35821
		FILM NUMBER:		161997585

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		699 SERRAMONTE BLVD., STE 212
		CITY:			DALY CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94015
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-530-0699

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		699 SERRAMONTE BLVD., STE 212
		CITY:			DALY CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94015

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001017386-16-000595.txt : 20161115

10-Q
 1
 usdadi_2016sept30-10q.htm
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-Q  

x   
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the quarterly period ended  September
30, 2016   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

Commission file number  001-35821   

US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International,
Inc.  

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

California 
       
     45-2725352  
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

(650) 530-0699  

 (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code) 

Copies of Communications to:  

 Harold P. Gewerter, Esq. 

 Harold P. Gewerter, Esq. Ltd. 

 1212 S. Casino Center 

 Las Vegas, NV 89104 

 (702) 382-1714 

 Fax (702) 382-1759 

 E-mail: harold@gewerterlaw.com 

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. 

  Yes
  x   No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

  Yes
  x   No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large
accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Ruble 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated filer       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company   x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes   No X 

The number of shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding
on November 7, 2016 was 98,365,000 shares. 

US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL,
INC.  

  QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Index to Report on Form 10-Q  

Page No.  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
       
     Financial Statements 
     3  

Item 2. 
       
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     11  

Item 3. 
       
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     14  

Item 4T. 
       
     Controls and Procedures 
     14  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
       
     Legal Proceedings 
     15  

Item1A. 
       
     Risk Factors 
     15  

Item 2. 
       
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     15  

Item 3. 
       
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
     15  

Item 4. 
       
     (Removed and Reserved) 

Item 5. 
       
     Other Information 
     16  

Item 6. 
       
     Exhibits 
     16  

Signature 
     17  

2 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements.  

US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL,
INC.  

UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30, 2016  

3 

4 

5 

6 

US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL,
INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Unaudited
Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016  

NOTE 1   CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared by the Company without audit. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include only normal recurring
adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows as of September 30, 2016 and
for all periods presented herein, have been made. 

Certain information and footnote disclosures
normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America have been condensed or omitted. It is suggested that these condensed financial statements be read in conjunction with
the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s December 31, 2015 financial statements. The results
of operations for the period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year. 

NOTE 2   GOING CONCERN  

The Company s financial statements
are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern which
contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not yet
established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern.
The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating
losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations. 

In order to continue as a going concern,
the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plan is to obtain such resources for
the Company by obtaining capital from management and significant shareholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses
and seeking equity and/or debt financing. However management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful
in accomplishing any of its plans. 

The ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph and
eventually secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern 

NOTE 3   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company received loans from related parties totaling $12,233 to fund operations. The loans are non-interest bearing, due
on demand and as such are included in current liabilities. There was $103,046 and $90,813 due to related parties as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 4   COMMON STOCK ISSUANCES  

There were 98,365,000 common shares
issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 5   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Company has evaluated subsequent
events through the date of this filing and determined there are no events to disclose. 

7 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
forward-looking statements and involves risks and uncertainties that could materially affect expected results of operations, liquidity,
cash flows, and business prospects. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding: 

our ability to diversify our operations;  

inability to raise additional financing for working capital;  

the fact that our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we report our financial condition and results of operations, and they may require our management to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain;  

our ability to attract key personnel;  

our ability to operate profitably;  

our ability to generate sufficient funds to operate the US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. operations, upon completion of our acquisition;  

deterioration in general or regional economic conditions;  

adverse state or federal legislation or regulation that increases the costs of compliance, or adverse findings by a regulator with respect to existing operations;  

changes in U.S. GAAP or in the legal, regulatory and legislative environments in the markets in which we operate;  

the inability of management to effectively implement our strategies and business plan;  

inability to achieve future sales levels or other operating results;  

the unavailability of funds for capital expenditures;  

other risks and uncertainties detailed in this report;  

as well as other statements regarding our future operations,
financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could
cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
and in particular, the risks discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A and those discussed in
other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the
results of any revision to these forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

References in the following discussion and throughout
this quarterly report to  we ,  our ,  us ,  US-DADI ,  the Company ,
and similar terms refer to US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International, Inc. unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise
requires.  

OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK  

Background  

US-DADI Fertilizer Industry International,
Inc. is a development stage company incorporated in the State of California on August 11, 2010. Our stated business objective is
a fertiziler-related products and equipment exporter. Since our inception on August 11, 2010 through June 30, 2016, we generated
no revenues from that line of business. 

According to the October 8, 2012, report in Harbin Tonghe
County television, after Dadi Fertilizer Technology International (USA) Ltd. and Harbin HaiXin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd.
reached an agreement, through the use of organic fertilizer from the cooperation projects of US Dadi Company, it had achieved great
success in helping Tonghe County water rice cooperatives  to plant  Daohuaxiang #7.   The success caused
a big stir in Tonghe County.  According to the introduction of Chairman Liu Haitao of Dadi Fertilizer Technology International
(USA) Ltd., the successful work of  seed transplant  owed thanks to the superb quality and performance of the company s
fertilizer products, therefore each co-op is required to use 800 tons of  Hai Lu Xin  organic fertilizer next year,
the result is the cumulative increase sales will reach 10 million yuans or more. 

November 20, 2012, Harbin City TV news channels reported:
Dadi Fertilizer Technology International (USA) Limited's  HaiXin water rice farmer cooperatives  collected a harvest
on the organic water rice, the total output of 2,000 hectares was up to 16,700 tons, yielding 9% more than other plots, thanks
to an antagonistic bio-organic fertilizer developed by the latest technology of Chinese Academy of Science, and produced by US
Dadi Company.  The great harvest provided the most powerful protection to the supply of raw materials of  Ma Lang He 
brand of organic rice.  The great harvest also will greatly stimulate next year s fertilizer sales and the rapid expansion
of water rice production base. 

8 

According to Harbin TV News Channels reports of two advanced
cases on December 8, 2012 and December 9, 2012: Teng Yanhua, a farmer from Harbin Tonghe County Fulin Township Chalin Village,
and Ba Zhanlong, another farmer from Tonghe County Xiangshun Town Xinglong Village, their 120 acres of paddy fields were applied
 Hai Lu Xin  brand bio-organic fertilizer produced by US Dadi Fertilizer Company for three consecutive years, and their
production had increased for three consecutive years. Two farmers have applied the fertilizer since 2010, the annual increase is
more than 10%, and have significantly improved the quality of rice.  It is more gratifying that the land with application
of bio- fertilizer, the organic matter in the soil is increased by 0.4%, and the expansion of populations of beneficial microbes
in the soil is increased, the agricultural production of the ecological cycle begins to take shape. To this end, the county propaganda
department instructed Tonghe County television stations to broadcast the news in  Tonghe News  and  Country Voice
Playback . 

According to the reports of Heilongjiang satellite television
and Heilongjiang provincial government website, on January 17   18, 2013, Heilongjiang Governor Wang Xiankui , Deputy Governor
Lv Weifeng , Harbin Mayor Song XiBin and other leaders visited Tonghe County, and conducted research on agricultural farming structure
along the Songhua River, production development planning and construction of industrial projects.  In the modern agriculture
demonstration area of Tonghe County Nong River Sun Valley, Governor Wang Xiankui and other leaders listened  to Haixin water
rice planting cooperatives affiliated of US Dadi Fertilizer Company, on the experience of extracting Songhua River water to increase
rice production, Wang Xiankui governor was very pleased of the report, and suggested to make the full use of resources along Sonhua
River, to convert the resource advantages into economic advantages, optimizing planting structure, carrying water to expand rice
production, forming large farmers' cooperative association , to expand the cultivation of new agricultural subject  cold field
black soil, green and organic agricultural products,  and to establish a plan in 2013 to bear the tasks to expand the five
millions and four hundred thousand acres of water rice fields. 

On April 3, 2013, Chinese government network and CCTV  News
Network  reported: In order to implement the 2013 central document #1, the State Council determined that Heilongjiang Province
would be the first to conduct the modern agriculture advance reform pilot program.  The launch of this important policy will
provide a golden opportunity of development for US Dadi Company, which is based in Heilongjiang to engage bio-organic fertilizer
production and organic rice production.  Therefore the company will accomplish a great deal. 

In February 2013, Chairman Liu Haitao of US Dadi Fertilizer
Company and Mr. Li Jingtao, Manager of Bayer Company of Germany signed a contract to act as a regional sales agent in Tonghe area
for some of Bayer agricultural products.  Bayer is the world's leading large enterprises, a world leader in agricultural product
quality.  The cooperation can provide worldwide superior agricultural products to local farmers, and services to the development
of local farmers. 

The cooperation project team of Dadi Fertilizer Technology
International (USA) Limited successfully developed a wonder drug to effectively eradicate river barnyardgrass, and it solved the
long-lasting unsolved problem in the rice fields. According to the introduction of Chairman Liu Haitao, the company, after three
consecutive years of field application and technical improvement, is actively planning trademark registrations and product patents
applications. The products not only ensure the organic rice farm production and stable income of  Haixin water rice farmer
cooperatives,  which is the affiliated agency of US Dadi Company, it also increases the quality of  Ma Lang He 
brand organic rice, a product of Dadi Company, at the same time it brings the benefits to the majority of rice farmers.  Therefore,
it is a good product which is beneficial to the company as well as to the others. 

Liu Haitao, Chairman of US Dadi Fertilizer Company, and Liu
Zhaorong, Chairman of Harbin Hai Xin Biological Fertilizer Co., Ltd. arrived in Hong Kong on August 6, 2013. Under the arrangement
of Liu Cheng Qingxin, President of American Sino-US New Rural Development Advocacy Association, both chairmen engaged in a wide
range of communication and negotiation with Hong Kong World SMEs Trade Association on the issues such as how to improve production
standards ( European standards ) of organic fertilizer produced by US Dadi Fertilizer Company,  fertilizer product sales,
development and sales of green organic rice , Heilongjiang green non-genetically modified soybeans, crush-type technology to produce
soybean oil (without adding any chemical substances ), and to enter the international markets. Hong Kong businessmen had made three
suggestions toward US Dadi Fertilizer Company: First, hoping the produced fertilizer able to pass   European certification
standards;  second, hoping to reduce the excessive heavy metals in fertilizers for the production of traditional Chinese
medicine  Schisandra;  third, hoping to produce a lower nuclear leak contaminated soil fertilizer. After consulting
with Mr. He Suicheng, who is from Shenyang Research Institute of Applie Ecology of Chinese Academy of Science, Liu Zhaorong of
Harbin HaiXin Company gave satisfactory answers to Hong Kong businessmen: I. making fertilizer products as early as possible to
meet EU standards in order to facilitate access for the products to international markets; II. with the Chinese Academy of Science's
advanced technology, developing a product which can purifying, degrading, and reducing absorption of heavy metals by plants and
nuclear elements of pollution. The talks achieved satisfactory results. 

9 

August 7, 2013, Hong Kong World SMEs and Trade Union news:
To work together to promote and carry out in Hong Kong to establish Heilongjiang high-quality agricultural organic fertilizer sales
base, and to promote organic fertilizer products produced by US Dadi Fertilizer Company in order to enter the international market,
by mutual agreement , both parties in Hong Kong signed a cooperation framework agreement.  Following the spirit of honesty,
long-term stability, gradual development, and the principle of mutual benefit, before the project was officially launched and implemented,
both parties signed a specific trade cooperation contract. 

On August 10, 2013 , Chairman Liu Zhaorong of Harbin
HaiXin Biological Fertilizer Co. Ltd., and Chairman  Liu Haitao of US Dadi Fertilizer Company, on their way back from Hong
Kong, had made a special trip to Chinese Academy of Science Shenyang Institute of Applied Ecology, discussed research issues with
the researcher He Suicheng, deputy director of the new fertilizer center, on the development of manufacturing organic fertilizer
which can be decomposed, purifying heavy metals and some core elements of contaminated soil bio-organic fertilizer. Director He
Suicheng pointed out that he can assist Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer Co. Ltd. to develop and produce the kind of organic
fertilizer with special features, and hope that through the Hong Kong World SMEs Trade Association, this special function of bio-organic
fertilizer can be recommended to Japan Fukushima nuclear leakage area in order to apply experiments. 

On November 19, 2013, Hong Kong time, US-Dadi Fertilizer
Industry International Inc. held a press conference in Hong Kong to announce that US-Dadi has gone public on OTCQB market. The
press conference was well received by its audience. Attendees included representatives of partners of US-Dadi, namely, Harbin Haixin
Biological Fertilizer Company Limited, Saturnus Agri-Tech US International Inc, World SME Trade Alliance Limited, and South China
Securities Limited, as well as more than 50 investors. 

Introduction by World SME Trade Alliance Limited, US-Dadi
started to work with Saturnus Agri-Tech US International Inc. on the cooperation of US-Dadi with Harbin Haixin Biological Fertilizer
Company Limited to develop the brand name  Haixin  and to market its bio-organic fertilizer products to South-East
Asia. Recently, the cooperation had reached an initial sales agreement with clients in Surabaya, Indonesia. 

Feb 19, 2014 -- US-Dadi Fertilizer Industry International
Inc. has developed its South Asian organic fertilizer focus market in Indonesian Magetan Regency. The area is in populous East
Java province, nearby city of Surabaya, with population of over 600,000. 

In November of 2013, US-Dadi joined Southeast Asian Agricultural
experts from Saturnus Agri-Tech US International Inc to visit an Indonesian farm cooperative in Surabaya. Indonesian farmers expressed
strong interest in US-Dadi's products and proposal to increase local agricultural production. The company planed to ship out its
newly developed organic fertilizer for local farmer to try out in February. Since then, the interest has spread to whole regency.
US-Dadi decides to reinspect larger area of local farmland in March for the best result of soil improvement. 

Going Concern 

The Company s financial statements are prepared using
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization
of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source
of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern. As of September 30, 2016 the Company
had an accumulated deficit of $643,930. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining
adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it
could be forced to cease operations. 

The Company is currently contemplating an offering of its
equity or debt securities to finance continuing operations. There are no agreements or arrangements currently in place or under
negotiation to obtain such financing, and there are no assurances that the Company will be successful and without sufficient financing
it would be unlikely for the Company to continue as a going concern. 

The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph and eventually secure other
sources of financing and attain profitable operations. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, we generated revenue of $0. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, we generated revenue of $0. During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, we generated revenue of $0. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we generated
revenue of $0. 

10 

Operating expenses during the three months
ended September 30, 2016 were $8,054 all of which consisted of general and administrative expenses such as accounting, professional
and miscellaneous office expenditures. In comparison, operating expenses for the period ended September 30, 2015 were $116,924
all of which consisted of general and administrative expenses such as accounting, professional and miscellaneous office expenditures. 

Operating expenses during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 were $23,701 all of which consisted of general and administrative expenses such as accounting, professional
and miscellaneous office expenditures. In comparison, operating expenses for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015 were
$352,499 all of which consisted of general and administrative expenses such as accounting, professional and miscellaneous office
expenditures. 

We have not been profitable from our
inception in 2010 through September 30, 2016, and our accumulated deficit amounts to $643,930. There is significant uncertainty
projecting future profitability due to our history of losses and lack of revenues. In our current state we have no recurring or
guaranteed source of revenues and cannot predict when, if ever, we will become profitable. There is significant uncertainty projecting
future profitability due to our minimal operating history and lack of guaranteed ongoing revenue streams. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

As of September 30, 2016, we had $0 in
cash and did not have any other cash equivalents. The following table provides detailed information about our net cash flow for
all financial statement periods presented in this Quarterly Report. To date, we have financed our operations through the issuance
of stock and borrowings. 

The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the period ending September 30, 2015: 

Since inception, we have financed our
cash flow requirements through issuance of common stock. As we expand our activities, we may, and most likely will, continue to
experience net negative cash flows from operations, pending receipt of listings or some form of advertising revenues. Additionally
we anticipate obtaining additional financing to fund operations through additional common stock offerings, to the extent available,
or to obtain additional financing to the extent necessary to augment our working capital. 

We anticipate that we will incur operating
losses in the next twelve months. Our lack of operating history makes predictions of future operating results difficult to ascertain.
Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their
early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Such risks for us include, but are not
limited to, an evolving and unpredictable business model and the management of growth. To address these risks, we must, among other
things, obtain a customer base, implement and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy, continually develop and
upgrade our website, provide national and regional industry participants with an effective, efficient and accessible website on
which to promote their products and services through the Internet, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain and
motivate qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to
do so can have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Operating activities   

Net cash used in operating activities
was $12,233 for the period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $35,417 used in operating activities for the period ended September
30, 2015. The decrease in net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to a decrease in professional fees. 

11 

Investing activities   

Net cash used in investing activities
was $0 for the period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $0 used in investing activities for the same period in 2015. 

Financing activities   

Net cash provided by financing activities
for the period ended September 30, 2016 was $12,233 as compared to $35,417 for the same period of 2015. The decrease of net cash
provided by financing activities was mainly attributable to an offering of common stock for cash that did not result in as much
cash as the precious period. 

We believe that cash flow from operations
will not meet our present and near-term cash needs and thus we will require additional cash resources, including the sale of equity
or debt securities, to meet our planned capital expenditures and working capital requirements for the next 12 months. We will require
additional cash resources due to changed business conditions, implementation of our strategy to expand our sales and marketing
initiatives, increase brand awareness, or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. If our own financial resources and then current
cash-flows from operations are insufficient to satisfy our capital requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt
securities or obtain additional credit facilities. The sale of additional equity securities will result in dilution to our stockholders.
The incurrence of indebtedness will result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and
financial covenants that could restrict our operations or modify our plans to grow the business. Financing may not be available
in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any failure by us to raise additional funds on terms favorable to us, or at
all, will limit our ability to expand our business operations and could harm our overall business prospects. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We did not have any off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to
investors. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About
Market Risk  

This item is not applicable as we are currently considered
a smaller reporting company. 

Item 4T. Controls and Procedures  

   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Our Principal Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) as of the period covered by this Report. Based on that evaluation, it was concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures are not designed at a reasonable assurance level and are not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information
we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

There were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures   

In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and
procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating
the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

12 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

We are not a party to any material legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

The risk factors listed in our 2015 Form 10-K on pages 5
to 10, filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 15, 2016, are hereby incorporated by reference. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
of Proceeds.  

Stock Issuances  

None. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

We did not repurchase any of our equity
securities from the time of our inception through the period ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

Exhibit No. 
       
     Description  

31.1 
       
     Certification of Principal Executive Officer   Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1 
       
     Certifications of Principal Executive Officer   Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS* 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  

101.CAL* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  

101.DEF* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  

101.LAB* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  

101.PRE* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  
 
     *XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.  

13 

SIGNATURE  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

Date: November 14, 2016 
       
     By: 
     /s/ Benedict Ling Yam  

Benedict Ling Yam  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer and duly authorized signatory)  

14 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit_31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

CERTIFICATION  

I, Benedict Ling Yam, certify that: 

1.              
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.; 

2.              
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.              
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in the report; 

4.              
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.           
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date:  November 14, 2016 

/s/ Benedict Ling Yam 

Benedict Ling Yam 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit_31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Benedict Ling Yam, certify that: 

1.              
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC.; 

2.              
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.              
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in the report; 

4.              
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d) - 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)  Disclosed in
this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.              
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)  Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Benedict Ling Yam 

Benedict Ling Yam 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit_32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER & PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 AS
ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge, the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL, INC. (the  Company )
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the
information contained in such periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in such report. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Benedict Ling Yam 

Benedict Ling Yam 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Benedict Ling Yam 

Benedict Ling Yam 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to US-DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL,
INC. and will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 dadi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dadi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 dadi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dadi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dadi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dadi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

