<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_861441_0001387131-16-007938_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10137673</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103701</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>484024</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2477489</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4822200</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1981748</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-16-007938.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114142203
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-16-007938
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FUTURES PORTFOLIO FUND L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000861441
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				521627106
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50728
		FILM NUMBER:		161993654

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O STEBEN & COMPANY, INC.
		STREET 2:		9711 WASHINGTONIAN BLVD. STE. 400
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878
		BUSINESS PHONE:		240-631-7600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O STEBEN & COMPANY, INC.
		STREET 2:		9711 WASHINGTONIAN BLVD. STE. 400
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FUTURES PORTFOLIO FUND LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920929

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-16-007938.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 fpf-10q_093016.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES   

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C.
20549  

FORM 10-Q   

QUARTERLY REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  

  SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016  

Commission file number:
000-50728  

FUTURES PORTFOLIO
FUND, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP  

c/o Steben   Company, Inc. 

 9711 Washingtonian Blvd., Suite 400 

 Gaithersburg, Maryland 20878 

 (240) 631-7600 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. 

 Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files). 

 Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer    
       
     Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
       
     Smaller Reporting Company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes    No   

PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

  Item 1. Financial Statements  

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  

  Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition  

  September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  

  Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  

  Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued)  

September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  
 Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued)  
 September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

4   

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  
 Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued)  
 September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

5   

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  
 Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued)  
 September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

6   

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  
 Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued)  
 September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

7   

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  
 Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued)  
 September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

8   

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  
 Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued)  
 September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

9   

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  
 Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued)  
 September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  

1  Represents the annualized yield at date of purchase
for discount securities, the stated coupon rate for coupon-bearing securities, or the stated interest rate for certificates of
deposit. 

2  No individual futures or forward currency contract
position constituted one percent or greater of partners  capital (net asset value). Accordingly, the number of contracts
and expiration dates are not presented. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

10   

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  
Consolidated Condensed
Schedule of Investments  
December 31, 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

11  

Futures
Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership 
Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) 
December 31, 2015   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

12  

Futures
Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership 
Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) 
December 31, 2015   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

13  

Futures
Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership 
Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) 
December 31, 2015   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

14  

Futures
Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership 
Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) 
December 31, 2015   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

15  

Futures
Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership 
Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) 
December 31, 2015   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

16  

Futures
Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership 
Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) 
December 31, 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

17  

Futures Portfolio
Fund, Limited Partnership  
 Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued)  
 December 31, 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

18  

Futures
Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership 
Consolidated Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) 
December 31, 2015   

Comprised of a proprietary basket of Commodity Trading Advisor s  ( CTA ) programs investing in various futures, forwards and currency derivative contracts and other similar investments.  See Notes 2 and 3.  

1  Represents the annualized yield at date of purchase
for discount securities, the stated coupon rate for coupon-bearing securities, or the stated interest rate for certificates of
deposit. 

2  No individual futures or forward currency contract
position constituted one percent or greater of partners  capital (net asset value). Accordingly, the number of contracts
and expiration dates are not presented. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

19  

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations  

  For the Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  

(based
on weighted average number of units outstanding during the period)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

20   

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership   

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  For the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

21   

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership   

  Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Partners  Capital (Net Asset Value)  

  For the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

22   

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

1.    Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies  

Description of the Fund  

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership ( Fund )
is a Maryland limited partnership, which operates as a commodity investment pool, commenced trading operations on January 2, 1990.
The Fund issues units of limited partner interests ( Units ) in three classes, Class A, B and I, which represent units
of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Fund. The Fund will automatically terminate on December 31,
2025, unless terminated earlier as provided in the Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement ( Partnership
Agreement ). 

The Fund uses commodity trading advisors to engage in the speculative
trading of futures contracts, forward currency contracts and other financial instruments traded in the United States ( U.S. )
and internationally. 

The Fund is a registrant with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ) pursuant to the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( 1934 Act ). As a
registrant, the Fund is subject to the regulations of the SEC and the disclosure requirements of the 1934 Act. As a commodity pool,
the Fund is subject to the regulations of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ), an agency of the
U.S. Government, which regulates most aspects of the commodity futures industry; rules of the National Futures Association ( NFA ),
an industry self-regulatory organization; rules of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ), an industry self-regulatory
organization; and the requirements of commodity exchanges where the Fund executes transactions. Additionally, the Fund is subject
to the requirements of the futures brokers and interbank market makers through which the Fund trades. 

Steben   Company, Inc. ( General Partner ),
is the general partner of the Fund and a Maryland corporation registered with the CFTC as a commodity pool operator and a commodities
introducing broker, and is also registered with the SEC as a registered investment advisor and a broker dealer. The General Partner
is a member of the NFA and FINRA. The General Partner manages all aspects of the Fund s business and serves as one of the
Fund s selling agents. 

The three classes of Units in the Fund differ only in the fees
applicable to each class. Class A Units are subject to a 2% per annum selling agent fee and class B Units are subject to a 0.2%
per annum broker dealer servicing fee. Class I Units are subject to higher minimum investments requirements and lower General Partner
Management Fees (0.75% per annum instead of 1.50% per annum) as well as a General Partner performance fee (7.5% of new profits,
described more fully in Note 4). 

During 2014, the Fund purchased $58.5 million of Class I
shares of the Steben Managed Futures Strategy Fund ( SMFF ). SMFF is a non-diversified series of shares of
beneficial interest of Steben Alternative Investment Fund (the  Trust ), a statutory trust organized under the
laws of the State of Delaware, and is registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940
Act ), as an open-end management investment company. SMFF issues four classes of shares: Class A, C, I and N. At
September 30, 2016, the Fund owned 64% of the outstanding shares of SMFF and therefore had effective control of that entity.
Accordingly, the assets, liabilities and operating results of SMFF have been consolidated with the Fund. The portion of SMFF
that is not owned by the Fund is presented as the non-controlling interest. SMFF has a similar investment strategy to the
Fund, using commodity trading advisors to engage in the speculative trading of futures contracts, forward currency contracts
and other financial instruments. Prior to March 2016, SMFF used a total return swap to gain access to the gains and losses of
a basket of trading advisors. The General Partner serves as the investment manager of SMFF. During 2016 and 2015, the Fund
redeemed $1 million and $7 million of its investment in SMFF, respectively. The redemptions are eliminated in
consolidation. 

Significant Accounting Policies  

Accounting Principles  

 The Fund s consolidated financial statements are prepared
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). 

Consolidation  

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Fund and SMFF, for which the Fund was the majority shareholder. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. 

23   

Use of Estimates  

 Preparing consolidated financial statements in conformity with
GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements
and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Revenue Recognition  

 Futures, forward currency contracts, investments in securities,
and certificates of deposit are recorded on a trade date basis, and gains or losses are realized when contracts/positions are liquidated.
Realized gains and losses on investments in securities and certificates of deposit are determined on a specific identification
basis and are included in net realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. Unrealized
gains and losses on open contracts (the difference between contract trade price and fair value) are reported in the consolidated
statements of financial condition as net unrealized gain or loss, as there exists a right of offset of any unrealized gains or
losses. The difference between cost and the fair value of open investments in securities and certificates of deposit is reflected
as unrealized gain or loss on investments in securities and certificates of deposit. Any change in net unrealized gain or loss
from the preceding period is reported in the consolidated statements of operations. Interest income earned on investments in securities,
certificates of deposit and other cash and cash equivalent balances is recorded on an accrual basis. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

 Financial instruments are recorded at fair value, the price
that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.
Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are classified within a fair value hierarchy based upon the level of judgment associated
with the inputs used to measure their value. This fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the
fair value hierarchy are described below: 

Level 1    Fair value is based on unadjusted quoted
prices for identical instruments in active markets. Financial instruments utilizing Level 1 inputs include futures contracts,
U.S. Treasury securities and money market funds. 

Level 2     Fair value is based on quoted prices for
similar instruments in active markets and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the financial instrument, such
as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals using a market approach. Financial instruments
utilizing Level 2 inputs include forward currency contracts, swaps, commercial paper, corporate notes, certificates of deposit,
asset backed securities and U.S. government sponsored enterprise notes. 

Level 3    Fair value is based on valuation techniques
in which one or more significant inputs are unobservable. The Fund has no financial instruments utilizing Level 3 inputs. 

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may
fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy
is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Fund s assessment of the significance
of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the investment. 

The Fund assesses the classification of the instruments at each
measurement date, and any transfers between levels are recognized on the actual date of the event or change in circumstances that
caused the transfer in accordance with the Fund s accounting policy regarding the recognition of transfers between levels
of the fair value hierarchy. For the period ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015, there were no such transfers
between levels. 

A description of the valuation techniques applied to the Fund s
major categories of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis follows. 

U.S. Treasury securities are recorded at fair value based on
bid and ask quotes for identical instruments. Commercial paper, certificates of deposit, corporate notes, asset backed securities
and U.S. government sponsored enterprise notes are recorded at fair value based on bid and ask quotes for similar, but not identical,
instruments. Accordingly, U.S. Treasury securities are classified within Level 1, and commercial paper, certificates of deposit,
corporate notes, asset backed securities and U.S. government sponsored enterprise notes are classified within Level 2. 

The investment in a money market fund, included in cash and
cash equivalents in the consolidated statements of financial condition, and futures contracts, all of which are exchange-traded,
are valued using quoted market prices for identical assets and are classified within Level 1. The fair values of forward currency
contracts are based upon third-party quoted dealer values on the interbank market and are classified within Level 2. The fair value
of the swap investment is based on quoted market prices for the underlying contracts of the trading advisor programs within the
swap and is classified within Level 2. 

24   

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

 Cash and cash equivalents may include cash, funds held in money
market accounts and short-term investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of acquisition and that are not
held for sale in the normal course of business. The Fund maintains deposits with financial institutions in amounts that are in
excess of federally insured limits; however, the Fund does not believe it is exposed to any significant credit risk. 

Brokerage Commissions and Trading Expenses  

 Brokerage commissions and trading expenses include brokerage
and other trading fees, and are charged to expense when contracts are opened and closed. 

Redemptions Payable  

 Redemptions payable represent redemptions that meet the requirements
of the Fund and have been approved by the General Partner prior to period-end. These redemptions have been recorded using the period-end
net asset value per Unit. 

Income Taxes  

 The Fund prepares calendar year U.S. and applicable state and
local tax returns. The Fund is not subject to federal income taxes as each partner is individually liable for his or her allocable
share of the Fund s income, expenses and trading gains or losses. The Fund evaluates the tax positions taken or expected
to be taken in the course of preparing the Fund s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not
to be sustained when examined by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold
would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense and asset or liability in the current year. Management has determined there are no
material uncertain income tax positions through September 30, 2016. With few exceptions, the Fund is no longer subject to U.S.
federal, or state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2012. 

Foreign Currency Transactions  

 The Fund has certain investments denominated in foreign currencies.
The purchase and sale of investments, and income and expenses are translated at the rates of exchange prevailing on the respective
dates of such transactions. The Fund does not isolate that portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign
exchange rates on investments from the fluctuations arising from changes in market prices of investments held. Such fluctuations
are included with the net realized and change in unrealized gain or loss on such investments in the consolidated statements of
operations. 

Swap Agreement  

 Through its investment in SMFF, the Fund had a total return
swap agreement with Deutsche Bank AG. This two-party contract was entered to exchange, or swap, the returns realized on a basket
of CTA programs. At December 31, 2015, the notional value of the swap was $98,065,907 and SMFF had provided $12,796,500 as collateral.
The collateral was included in cash in broker trading accounts in the consolidated statements of financial condition. Effective
March 1, 2016, SMFF terminated the swap agreement. All proceeds from the swap, as well as the collateral, were received by SMFF
prior to March 31, 2016. 

Reclassification  

 Certain amounts reported in the 2015 consolidated financial
statements may have been reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation without affecting previously reported partners 
capital (net asset value) or net income (loss). 

New Accounting Pronouncements  

Revenue from Contracts with Customers  

 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
guidance that replaces the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. The guidance provides a new model to determine
when and over what period revenue is recognized. Under this new model, revenue is recognized as goods or services are delivered
in an amount that reflects the consideration to be received. In March 2016, the FASB issued an Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ),
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) , which
clarifies the principal versus agent guidance in the new revenue recognition standard. In April 2016, the FASB issued an ASU,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , which clarifies the guidance on accounting
for licenses of intellectual property and identifying performance obligations in the new revenue recognition standard. In May 2016,
the FASB issued an ASU,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedient , which
clarifies the transition, collectability, noncash consideration and the presentation of sales and other similar taxes in the new
revenue recognition standard. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017; early adoption is permitted
for periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The new standard is required to be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting
period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying it recognized at the date of initial application.
The Fund does not expect any material change as a result of adopting this guidance. 

25   

Business Combinations   

 In December 2014, the FASB issued guidance that supplements
existing accounting standards for business combinations. The guidance provides clarification concerning accounting for identifiable
intangible assets in a business combination. This standard is effective beginning the first quarter of the Fund s 2016 fiscal
year. 

2.    Fair Value Disclosures    

The Fund s assets and liabilities, measured at fair value
on a recurring basis, are summarized in the following tables by the type of inputs applicable to the fair value measurements: 

*See the consolidated condensed schedule of investments for
further description. 

*See the consolidated condensed schedule of investments for
further description. 

There were no Level 3 holdings at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, or during the periods then ended. 

In addition to the financial instruments listed above, substantially
all of the Fund s other assets and liabilities are considered financial instruments and are reflected at fair value, or at
carrying amounts that approximate fair value because of the short maturity of the instruments. 

3.    Derivative Instruments Disclosures    

The Fund s derivative contracts are comprised of futures
and forward currency contracts, none of which are designated as hedging instruments. At September 30, 2016, the Fund s derivative
contracts had the following impact on the consolidated statements of financial condition: 

26   

At September 30, 2016, there were 64,083 open futures contracts
and 4,720 open forward currency contracts. 

The Fund s financial assets, derivative assets, and cash
collateral held by counterparties at September 30, 2016 were: 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Fund s derivative contracts had the following impact on the consolidated statements of operations: 

27   

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the number of
futures contracts closed was 476,429 and the number of forward currency contracts closed was 45,615. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the number of futures contracts closed was 1,420,579 and the number of forward currency contracts closed was
127,553. 

At December 31, 2015, the Fund s derivative contracts
had the following impact on the consolidated statements of financial condition: 

*At December 31, 2015, the sector exposure of the CTA indices
underlying the swap was: 

At December 31, 2015, there were 62,863 open futures contracts
and 2,065 open forward currency contracts. 

28   

The Fund s financial assets, derivative assets, and cash
collateral held by counterparties at December 31, 2015 were: 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the
Fund s derivative contracts had the following impact on the consolidated statements of operations: 

For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the number of
futures contracts closed was 466,460 and the number of forward currency contracts closed was 43,040. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the number of futures contracts closed was 1,467,852 and the number of forward currency contracts closed was
115,858. 

4.    General Partner     

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and for the periods
then ended, the General Partner did not maintain a capital balance in the Fund; however, the beneficiary of the majority shareholder
of the General Partner had the following investment in Class I Units: 

29   

The General Partner earns the following compensation: 

General Partner Management Fee   the Fund incurs a monthly fee on Class A and Class B Units equal to 1/12 th 
of 1.5% of the month-end net asset value of the Class A and Class B Units, payable in arrears. The Fund incurs a monthly fee on
Class I Units equal to 1/12 th  of 0.75% of the month-end net asset value of the Class I Units, payable in arrears.   

General Partner Performance Fee   the Fund incurs a monthly fee on Class I Units equal to 7.5% of new profits of the
Class I Units calculated monthly. The general partner performance fee is payable quarterly in arrears.   

Management fee   SMFF incurs a monthly fee equal to 1/12 th  of 1.25% of the month-end net asset value of the
trust, payable in arrears to the General Partner.   

Selling Agent Fees   the Class A Units incur a monthly fee equal to 1/12 th  of 2% of the month-end net asset
value of the Class A Units. Selling agent fees amounted to $2,019,793 and $2,218,694 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. Selling agent fees amounted to $6,242,165 and $6,967,395 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Such amounts are included in selling agent and broker dealer servicing fees   General Partner in the
consolidated statements of operations. The General Partner, in turn, pays the selling agent fees to the respective selling agents.
If there is no designated selling agent or the General Partner was the selling agent, such portions of the selling agent fees are
retained by the General Partner.   

Broker Dealer Servicing Fees   the Class B Units incur a monthly fee equal to 1/12 th  of 0.2% of the month-end
net asset value of the Class B Units. Broker dealer servicing fees amounted to $101,863 and $110,845 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Broker dealer servicing fees amounted to $313,733 and $372,102 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Such amounts are included in selling agent and broker dealer servicing fees  
General Partner in the consolidated statements of operations. The General Partner, in turn, pays the fees to the respective selling
agents. If there is no designated selling agent or the General Partner was the selling agent, such portions of the broker dealer
servicing fees are retained by the General Partner.   

Operating Services Fee   SMFF incurs a monthly fee equal to 1/12 th  of 0.5% of the month-end net asset value
of the trust, payable to the General Partner. The General Partner, in turn, pays the operating expenses of the trust, pursuant
to an operating services agreement between the parties.   

Administrative Expenses   the Fund incurs a monthly fee equal to 1/12 th  of 0.45% of the month-end net asset
value of the fund, payable in arrears to the General Partner. The General Partner, in turn, pays the administrative expenses of
the Fund. Administrative expenses include accounting, audit, legal, salary and administrative costs incurred by the General Partner
relating to marketing and administration of the Fund; such as, salaries and commissions of General Partner marketing personnel,
administrative employee salaries and related costs.   

Pursuant to the terms of the Partnership Agreement, each year
the General Partner receives from the Fund 1% of any net income earned by the Fund. Conversely, the General Partner pays to the
Fund 1% of any net loss incurred by the Fund. Such amounts are reflected as General Partner 1% allocation receivable or payable
in the consolidated statements of financial condition and as General Partner 1% allocation in the consolidated statements of operations. 

5.    Trading Advisors and Cash Managers    

The Fund has advisory agreements with
various commodity trading advisors, pursuant to which the Fund incurs a monthly advisor management fee that ranges from 0% to 1.5%
per annum of allocated net assets (as defined in each respective advisory agreement), paid monthly or quarterly in arrears. Additionally,
the Fund incurs advisor incentive fees, payable quarterly in arrears, ranging from 0% to 30% of net new trading profits (as defined
in each respective advisory agreement). 

J.P. Morgan Investment Management, Inc. and Principal Global
Investors, LLC (collectively, the  Cash Managers ) provide cash management services to the Fund. The Fund incurs monthly
fees, payable in arrears to the Cash Managers, equal to approximately 1/12 th  of 0.10% of the investments in securities
and certificates of deposit. 

30   

6.    Deposits with Brokers     

To meet margin requirements, the Fund deposits funds with brokers,
subject to CFTC regulations and various exchange and broker requirements. The Fund earns interest income on its assets deposited
with brokers. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Fund had margin deposit requirements of $117,700,810 and $98,809,677,
respectively. 

7.    Subscriptions, Distributions and Redemptions     

Investments in the Fund are made by subscription agreement and
must be received within five business days of the end of the month, subject to acceptance by the General Partner. The minimum investment
is $10,000 for Class A and B units and $2,000,000 for Class I units. Units are sold at the respective net asset value per unit
for Class A, B or I interests as of the close of business on the last day of the month in which the subscription is accepted. Investors
whose subscriptions are accepted are admitted as limited partners as of the beginning of the month following the month in which
their subscriptions were accepted. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Fund received advance subscriptions of $1,729,565
and $1,086,965, respectively, which were recognized as subscriptions to the Fund or returned, if applicable, subsequent to period-end. 

The Fund is not required to make distributions, but may do so
at the sole discretion of the General Partner. A limited partner may request and receive redemption of Class A, Class B or Class
I Units owned at the end of any month, subject to five business days  prior written notice to the General Partner, and in
certain circumstances, restrictions in the Partnership Agreement. 

The General Partner may require a limited partner to redeem
from the Fund if the General Partner deems the redemption (a) necessary to prevent or correct the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited
transaction under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
(b) beneficial to the Fund, or (c) necessary to comply with applicable government or other self-regulatory organization regulations. 

8.    Trading Activities and Related Risks     

The Fund engages in the speculative trading of futures, options
and over-the-counter contracts, including forward currency contracts traded in the U.S. and internationally. Trading in derivatives
exposes the Fund to both market risk, the risk arising from a change in the fair value of a contract, and credit risk, the risk
of failure by another party to perform according to the terms of a contract. 

Purchase and sale of futures contracts requires margin deposits
with the futures brokers. Additional deposits may be necessary for any loss of contract value. The Commodity Exchange Act ( CEAct )
requires a broker to segregate all customer transactions and assets from such broker s proprietary activities. A customer s
cash and other property (for example, U.S. Treasury securities) deposited with a broker are considered commingled with all other
customer funds subject to the broker s segregation requirements. In the event of a broker s insolvency, recovery may
be limited to a pro rata share of segregated funds available. It is possible that the recovered amount could be less than (or none
of) the total cash and other property deposited. The Fund uses SG Americas Securities, LLC, JP Morgan Securities, LLC and Deutsche
Bank Securities, Inc. as its futures brokers and Soci t  G n rale Newedge UK Limited, UBS AG and Deutsche
Bank AG as its forward currency counterparties. 

For futures contracts, risks arise from changes in the fair
value of the contracts. Theoretically, the Fund is exposed to a market risk equal to the value of futures and forward currency
contracts purchased, and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short. 

In addition to market risk, upon entering into commodity interest
contracts there is a credit risk that a counterparty will not be able to meet its obligations to the Fund. The counterparty for
futures and options on futures contracts traded in the U.S. and on most non-U.S. futures exchanges is the clearinghouse associated
with such exchanges. In general, clearinghouses are backed by the corporate members of the clearinghouse who are required to share
any financial burden resulting from the non-performance by one of their members and, as such, should significantly reduce this
credit risk. In cases where the clearinghouse is not backed by the clearing members, like some non-U.S. exchanges, it is normally
backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions. 

In the case of forward currency contracts, which are traded
on the interbank or other institutional market rather than on exchanges, the counterparty is generally a single bank or other financial
institution, rather than a clearinghouse backed by a group of financial institutions; thus there likely will be greater counterparty
credit risk. While the Fund trades only with those counterparties that it believes to be creditworthy, there can be no assurance
that any clearing member, clearinghouse or other counterparty will be able to meet its obligations to the Fund. 

The Fund trades forward currency contracts in unregulated markets
between principals and assumes the risk of loss from counterparty non-performance. Accordingly, the risks associated with forward
currency contracts are generally greater than those associated with exchange-traded contracts because of the greater risk of counterparty
default. Additionally, the trading of forward currency contracts typically involves delayed cash settlement. 

31  

The Fund has a portion of its assets on deposit with interbank
market makers and other financial institutions in connection with its trading of forward currency contracts and its cash management
activities. In the event of an interbank market maker s or financial institution s insolvency, recovery of Fund assets
on deposit may be limited to account insurance or other protection afforded such deposits. 

The Cash Managers manage the Fund s cash and excess margin
through investments in fixed income instruments, pursuant to investment parameters established by the General Partner. Fluctuations
in prevailing interest rates could cause mark-to-market losses on the Fund s fixed income instruments. 

Through its investments in debt securities and certificates
of deposit, the Fund has exposure to U.S. and foreign enterprises.  The following table presents the exposure at September
30, 2016. 

The following table presents the exposure at December 31, 2015. 

32  

9.    Indemnifications  

In the normal course of business, the Fund may enter into contracts
and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties, and which provide general indemnifications. The Fund s
maximum exposure under these arrangements cannot be estimated. However, the Fund believes that it is unlikely it will have to make
material payments under these arrangements and has not recorded any contingent liability in the consolidated financial statements
for such indemnifications. 

10.    Interim Financial Statements  

The consolidated statements of financial condition, including
the consolidated condensed schedule of investments, at September 30, 2016, the consolidated statements of operations for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the consolidated statements of cash flows and consolidated statement of changes
in partners  capital (net asset value) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the accompanying notes
to the consolidated financial statements are unaudited. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in consolidated
financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP may be omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. In the opinion of
management, such consolidated financial statements and accompanying disclosures reflect all adjustments, which were of a normal
and recurring nature, necessary to present fairly the financial position at September 30, 2016, results of operations, cash flows
and changes in partners  capital (net asset value) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be
expected for the full year or any other period. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
audited financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Fund s Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. 

11.    Financial Highlights     

The following information presents per unit operating performance
data and other ratios for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, assuming the unit was outstanding throughout
the entire period: 

33  

Total returns are calculated based on the change
in value of a Class A, Class B or Class I Unit during the period. An individual partner s total returns and ratios may vary
from the above total returns and ratios based on the timing of subscriptions and redemptions.   

(1)  The net investment income (loss) per
unit is calculated by dividing the net investment income (loss) by the average number of Class A, B or I Units outstanding during
the period. Net realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change
in net asset value per unit with the other per unit information. Such balancing amount may differ from the calculation of net realized
and change in unrealized gain (loss) on investment per unit due to the timing of investment gains and losses during the period
relative to the number of units outstanding. 

(2)  The net investment income (loss) includes
interest income and excludes net realized and net change in unrealized gain (loss) from investment activities as shown in the consolidated
statements of operations. The total amount is then reduced by all expenses, excluding brokerage commissions, which are included
in net investment gain (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. The resulting amount is divided by the average net
asset value for the period. 

(3)  Ratios have been annualized. 

(4)  Ratios have not been annualized. 

(5)  Ratio excludes General Partner 1% allocation. 

Subsequent to quarter end, there were $5,408,000 of contributions
and $8,186,405 of redemptions from the Fund, and the Fund redeemed $2,000,000 of its investment in SMFF. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

Current Positioning  

Sector risk allocations and net positioning as of September
30, 2016 and third quarter 2016 gross performance contribution by sector was as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016, the Fund s largest risk contribution
came from currencies, with long positions in emerging markets, the Australian dollar and the Japanese yen, and short positions
in the Euro and British pound. In the interest rates sector, the portfolio was positioned long, primarily in U.S. and European
bonds. The Fund had long equity index exposure, focused on the U.S. In the commodities markets, the Fund was short in agricultural
grains markets, long in precious metals and very modestly long in energy, mainly in natural gas, with neutral oil exposure. Note
that these were tactical positions generated by systematic managed futures programs in reaction to perceived market trends and
opportunities. Positions will generally adapt as market conditions change. 

34  

Results of Operations  

The returns for each class of Units for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 were: 

Further analysis of the trading gains and losses is provided
below. 

2016   

  January   

 The Fund made a strong start to 2016, highlighting the non-correlation
and diversification potential of managed futures amid prevailing risk-averse sentiment and a sell-off in stocks. Poor economic
data from China fueled fear among equity investors of a global growth slowdown. The S P 500 Index lost 4.96%, while the Euro
Stoxx 50 fell 6.62% and the Nikkei dropped 7.95%. In energy markets, crude oil prices continued their descent, dipping below $30
per barrel due to weak demand and the prospect of higher production after the lifting of sanctions against Iran. The European Central
Bank responded with talk of more aggressive monetary easing, while the Bank of Japan made a surprise move to negative interest
rates, causing a rally in bond markets. 

The Fund was profitable in January, posting its best monthly
performance since 2008 by capitalizing on bearish market trends. The fixed income sector was the strongest contributor, as the
Fund made gains from long positions in European and Japanese bond futures. In energy markets, short crude oil exposure also generated
positive returns. Performance was more muted in other sectors, with modest gains and losses. Overall, the Fund finished the month
with a gain of 5.77%, 5.93% and 6.02% for Class A, B and I Units, respectively. 

February   

 The Fund extended its strong start to the year in February,
further underscoring the non-correlation and diversification potential of managed futures amid rising and falling markets. Key
risk factors that weighed on global markets included China s economic slowdown, U.S. political theater, as well as the risk
of a  Brexit , a British exit from the European Union. Many major indices breached bear market levels by mid-February.
However, equity markets recovered over the second half of the month as the U.S. economy exhibited signs of improvement. Commodity
markets were broadly mixed and the S P GSCI finished with its first monthly gain since last October. Natural gas prices fell
dramatically due to warmer weather and oversupply, while precious metals rose on safe haven buying.  

Fixed income was the top performing sector for the month, as
the Fund benefitted from long positions in European, Japanese and U.S. bond futures. The energy sector was the second best performer
due to a short position in natural gas and short exposure to crude oil. Other sectors had mixed performance, with modest overall
return contribution. The Fund is positioned defensively as of month end, with long fixed income exposure complemented by short
positions in commodities and mixed exposures in equities. Overall, the Fund finished the month with a gain of 3.88%, 4.03% and
4.03% for Class A, B and I Units, respectively. 

March   

 The year started with a severe decline in risk assets. By mid-February,
however, global financial markets began to reverse course. The rebound continued during March, buoyed by central bank meetings
and accommodative monetary policy across Europe, Japan and the U.S. Dovish comments from the U.S. Federal Reserve further reduced
the likelihood of rate hikes this year and placed selling pressure on the U.S. dollar. Improved market sentiment also impacted
commodity markets, where the S P GSCI Index jumped more than 6%. There were broad based gains across agricultural, energy,
and metal futures. 

In the month of March, losses for the Fund were primarily from
the fixed income and energy sectors. Stronger risk appetite pushed interest rates higher in the U.S. and Europe, impacting the
Fund s long fixed income positions. In the energy sector, indications of supply reductions from major oil producers lifted
crude prices back above $40 per barrel, before drifting lower over the second half of the month. Currencies were flat as losses
in short euro contracts were offset by gains in long positions in the Australian dollar, Brazilian real and Turkish lira. At month
end the Fund s largest risk exposures were to fixed income and currencies. Overall, the Fund finished the month with a loss
of 2.88%, 2.74% and 2.66% for Class A, B and I Units, respectively. 

35  

April   

 Many of the macroeconomic trends that dominated the first quarter
reversed course in April, as fixed income markets sold off and energy markets drifted higher. German 10-year Bund yields rose from
a low of 9 basis points (bps) to a high of 30 bps during the month, as the European Central Bank held off on adding to its existing
stimulus plan. Meanwhile, in the U.S., improving economic data also caused 10-year Treasury yields to climb, hurting bond prices.
Oil prices registered their biggest monthly gain in a year, despite major exporting countries being unable to agree on output cuts. 

The Fund generated gains in the currency sector during the month,
profiting from a Japanese yen rally after the Bank of Japan failed to deliver anticipated easing policies. The Fund was also able
to capitalize on the rise in the price of gold and other precious metals. However, long exposures in fixed income led to losses,
particularly in Europe, as bond prices declined. Short energy positions detracted from profits after an oil price rebound, while
the equity sector was also a negative contributor given volatility in stock indices. Overall, the Fund finished the month with
a loss of 3.84%, 3.70% and 3.62% for Class A, B and I Units, respectively. 

May   

 May was a choppy month, as global stock indices declined in
the first half of the month before recovering on improved U.S. economic data, with the MSCI World Index finishing the month up
0.2%. In fixed income markets, an early rally was reversed when minutes from the April Federal Open Market Committee Meeting suggested
that the next U.S. interest rate hike could come as soon as June. The Fed s more hawkish guidance also caused the U.S. dollar
to appreciate against most currencies, and led to a sell-off in gold. 

May market reversals proved challenging for trend-following
programs. In particular, the currency sector saw losses as the Fund s long positions in the Australian dollar and Japanese
yen were hurt by the rebounding U.S. dollar. The prospect of tighter U.S. monetary policy also negatively impacted long positions
in gold and silver, as demand waned for precious metals as a store of value. Trading was profitable in the agricultural sector,
however, with gains from rising soybean prices. Overall, the Fund finished the month with a loss of 2.83%, 2.69% and 2.61% for
Class A, B and I Units, respectively. 

June   

 June was an exceptionally volatile month as global markets were
unprepared for Britain s referendum decision to leave the European Union. Investors reacted to Brexit by seeking the protection
of safe haven assets such as bonds, while selling equities and the British Pound. The Pound fell 8.5% the day after the referendum,
its largest one-day loss on record, which pushed the currency to its lowest level against the U.S. dollar since the mid-1980s.
Bonds performed well in the flight to safety as yields on U.S. 10-year Treasuries declined from 1.85% at the end of May to 1.47%
by the end of June. 

The Fund began the month with mixed performance from choppy
markets. However, the Brexit aftermath created strong trends that the Fund was able to successfully exploit. Long positions in
UK, European and U.S. bonds, short positions in the British Pound, long positions in the Japanese Yen and long precious metals
positions all contributed to the Fund s largest monthly gain since October 2008. Overall, the Fund finished the month with
a gain of 6.25%, 6.41% and 6.49% for Class A, B and I Units, respectively. 

July   

 July saw a return to calmer markets after the turmoil of the
Brexit vote in June. The U.S. posted better-than-expected labor market data, while stability returned to UK politics with the quick
selection of Theresa May as Britain s new Prime Minister. Global stocks rallied, and the S P 500 posted a new high for
the first time since April 2015. It was a choppy month for global bond markets, but most investors continued to believe that central
banks would remain accommodative. The U.S. 10-year yield briefly touched an all-time intra-day low of 1.32%, while Germany issued
negative yielding 10-year bonds for the first time. Meanwhile, oil prices fell more than 20% below their June highs after OPEC
countries ramped up production. 

The Fund profited in July primarily from long positions in U.S.
stock indices. Other positive contributors included short positions in oil and a long position in silver which hit 2-year highs.
Performance in fixed income markets was mixed, with gains in long-term UK and German bonds being offset by losses in short-term
U.S. interest rates. Currencies saw small losses from the Turkish Lira after a military coup attempt. Other declines came from
the agricultural sector, where soybean prices fell from their recent highs due to better weather and increased supply. Overall,
the Fund finished the month with a gain of 2.19%, 2.34% and 2.43% for Class A, B and I Units, respectively. 

August   

 The end of summer brought about very light trading volumes across
most major markets, leading to minimal price movement in equity markets and a moderate sell-off in bonds. Indicative of the calm
markets, the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) closed as low as 11 during the month, the lowest reading in more than two years. Global
equity indices traded within a narrow range as traders awaited further clarity on upcoming events such as the Presidential election
in the U.S. and the possibility of interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve. Oil was one of the few markets to see a significant
move, reversing a two-month sell-off. Rumors that OPEC was considering an output freeze in September caused the price of crude
to bounce from a low of $39 per barrel in early August to $49 around mid-month. 

36  

The Fund experienced small gains in agricultural commodities
and equity indices, which were offset by losses in oil and interest rate contracts. Fixed income markets sold off due to several
comments from Federal Reserve officials suggesting that interest rate hikes were a possibility for later this year. In the energy
sector, the Fund s short oil positions lost money as prices rallied sharply. Overall, the Fund finished the month with a
loss of 3.80%, 3.66% and 3.58% for Class A, B and I Units, respectively. 

September   

 In September, investor anxiety over potential changes in central
bank policy led to choppy market conditions. Coming into the month, market participants expected that global monetary policy would
remain accommodative for some time. Thus, when the European Central Bank revealed it had made no plans to extend its quantitative
easing policy, investors reacted with alarm, causing global bonds and stocks to sell off. However, calm returned and markets recovered
when the U.S. Federal Reserve decided not to raise interest rates at its September meeting. In energy markets, OPEC agreed to its
first production cuts since the 2008 financial crisis, leading to a bounce in oil prices. 

The Fund profited in foreign exchange markets during the month,
capitalizing on trends in the Japanese yen and emerging market currencies. However, market reversals and seesawing price action
in other sectors proved challenging for the Fund s trend-following programs. In particular, the rebound in oil prices hurt
the Fund s short positions, while a correction in global bond markets hurt the Fund s long positions. Overall, the
Fund finished the month with a loss of 2.14%, 1.99% and 1.91% for Class A, B and I Units, respectively. 

2015   

  January   

 In January, Europe s economic woes continued to have a
major impact on financial markets. In order to combat deflationary pressures, the European Central Bank implemented quantitative
easing, committing to purchase  60 billion of government bonds per month for 19 months. This led to further depreciation of
the euro and a rally in European stocks. In order to untether itself from the falling euro, the Swiss National Bank made a surprise
move to de-peg the Swiss franc, which led to a dramatic 30% intraday spike in its exchange rate. In the U.S., bond yields plummeted,
with the 30-year yield hitting a historic low of 2.2%, as foreign buyers plowed into safe haven assets supported by a strong U.S.
dollar. 

2015 began with a continuation of many of the strong trends
seen in the second half of 2014. The Fund made the bulk of its gains in January from long bond positions, particularly in the U.S.
In currencies, the Fund profited from a short position in the euro, which more than offset Swiss franc losses. Short energy positions
were also positive contributors. Choppiness in S P 500 led to a modest loss in the equities sector. Overall, the Fund finished
the month with a gain of 4.17%, 4.33% and 4.41% for Class A, B and I Units, respectively. 

February   

 February began with a sell-off in bonds after a strong labor
market report in the U.S. led to speculation of interest rate hikes in the second half of the year. Improved growth prospects also
stoked a rally in equities, as the S P 500 made its biggest monthly gain since October 2011. Driven by cold U.S. weather and
a falling North American oilrig count, energy prices saw a rebound for the first time since the precipitous decline that began
in June 2014. The U.S. dollar continued to appreciate against most major currencies, with the exception of the British pound, which
strengthened after the UK saw its eighth straight quarter of positive growth. 

The Fund s largest gains for the month came from its long
stock index positions. However, trend reversals in bonds hurt the Fund s long fixed income positions. In currencies, profits
made on declines in the euro and Japanese yen were offset by losses from the rising British pound. Short exposure in energy markets
also detracted from performance as oil prices staged a minor recovery. Overall, the Fund finished the month with a gain of 0.07%,
0.21% and 0.28% for Class A, B and I Units, respectively. 

March   

 Monetary easing in Europe remained the dominant theme in financial
markets in March. The European Central Bank began its bond purchases under its new quantitative easing program, designed to lower
borrowing costs and stimulate growth in the region. This pushed down German 10-year bond yields to below 0.2%, and caused the euro
to depreciate to its lowest level against the U.S. dollar since 2003. Meanwhile, the U.S. Federal Open Market Committee struck
a more dovish tone than the market expected on the timing of interest rate hikes, despite positive labor market trends. In energy
markets, a continued supply glut pushed oil prices down to $44 per barrel during the month. 

The Fund s largest gains for the month came from its long
fixed income positions, particularly in U.S. short term interest rates and UK gilts. In currencies, short euro positions against
the U.S. dollar proved profitable. Short oil positions also contributed positively, taking advantage of the slide in energy prices.
Performance in equity indices was flat with gains in Europe and Japan being offset by losses in the U.S. Overall, the Fund finished
the month with a gain of 2.00%, 2.15% and 2.07% for Class A, B and I Units, respectively. 

37  

April   

 In April, markets were quiet through the first three weeks of
the month, but a shift in sentiment towards European monetary easing during the final days of the month caused reversals in many
of the most profitable trends from the first quarter. Signs of economic improvement in Europe raised fears that quantitative easing
programs would be removed sooner than anticipated. The result was a sudden rise in interest rates, and a rebound in the euro along
with a retreat in European equity markets. 

The Fund experienced its largest losses in currencies, interest
rates and energy. Losses were partially offset by gains in non-European stock indices. In currencies, the Fund s net short
position against the euro accounted for the majority of losses. In the interest rate instruments, losses occurred during the last
week of the month, primarily from Gilts, Canadian Bonds, U.S. Treasury Bonds and German Bunds. Stock indices experienced broad
based gains, with long positions in the Hang Sang and Chinese equity index contributing to performance. The Fund finished the month
with a loss of 4.04%, 3.89% and 3.81% for Class A, B and I units, respectively. 

May   

 The sudden deterioration in investor sentiment over Europe s
quantitative easing (QE) program carried over from April into the first half of May. Yields on the German Bund, which had previously
been on a steady decline, rose sharply from a low of 7 basis points (bps) in late April to a high of 72bps by mid-May. The euro
also rebounded against the U.S. dollar, reversing its depreciating trend. However, in the second half of the month worries over
Greek debt repayments and an announcement by the European Central Bank (ECB) that it could bring forward its scheduled bond purchases
from July and August into June, caused the euro and European bond yields to fall once again. Meanwhile, in Japan, expectations
of further monetary stimulus on the back of disappointing economic data drove the Japanese yen to a 12-year low against the U.S.
dollar, which boosted export-oriented Japanese stocks. 

The Fund saw losses in the first half of May as a result of
a sharp sell-off in bonds, particularly in the German Bund. Other early losses came as a result of a rebound in precious metal
prices, which hurt the Fund s short positions. The Fund made some gains later in the month through short positions in the
euro and Japanese yen, which benefited from a depreciation of those currencies against the U.S. dollar. Nevertheless, the Fund
finished the month with a net loss of 1.42%, 1.27% and 1.19% on Class A, B and I units, respectively. 

June   

 June saw large reversals across a broad range of markets as
a result of shifting sentiment in Europe and Asia. The Greek debt crisis once again became a focal point for investors. After early
optimism on a possible bailout deal, the Greek government shocked markets with a weekend announcement that the European creditors 
proposed bailout plan and austerity demands would be put to a national referendum, increasing the risk of a full default and a
Greek exit from the Eurozone. This caused the largest ever gap decline in Eurostoxx equity index futures when markets re-opened
on the last Monday of the month. Elsewhere, the frothy Chinese equity market extended its huge run up before falling more than
20%. Chinese authorities sought to quell concerns by cutting interest rates for the fourth time since last November, causing stocks
to rebound. Apart from the macroeconomic issues that dominated headlines, unexpectedly heavy rainfall in the U.S. Midwest delayed
crop plantings and caused a sharp reversal in the downtrend recently seen in agricultural commodities. 

Equity indices, particularly in Europe, were the biggest detractors
during the month, as long positions were hurt when the crisis in Greece sparked a broad stock sell-off. Short positions in agricultural
commodities also struggled during the month. Wheat and corn prices jumped suddenly, reversing their entire year-to-date trend decline
in just seven trading days, as wet weather delayed plantings and reduced supply forecasts. A choppy environment in currencies also
proved challenging, as the euro and the Japanese yen rebounded against the U.S. dollar. The Fund finished the month with a net
loss of 6.94%, 6.80% and 6.73% for Class A, B and I units, respectively. 

July   

 July saw markets begin to trend again after the reversals of
the second quarter. While global equity and fixed income markets moved modestly higher for the month, commodities were down more
than 14%, as represented by the S P GSCI. The decline in commodities was caused by weakening demand from China, a stronger
U.S. dollar and supply/demand imbalances. Energy markets experienced the strongest sell-off as crude oil futures lost more than
21%, hitting a low of $47 per barrel by month end. Markets were concerned with a surprise increase in the U.S. oil rig count, as
well as potential new supply from Iran after a lifting of sanctions. In metals markets, concerns about slowing growth in China
put pressure on the price of industrial metals. This broad commodity weakness also led to depreciation in the currencies of exporting
countries, such as Canada and Australia. 

38  

The Fund enjoyed a strong rebound in July, making profits in
metals, energy, currencies and interest rates. Performance in agricultural commodities was flat, while equity indices were a marginal
detractor. The metals sector was the top contributor and gold was the best performing contract, as short positions benefitted from
declining prices. Gold futures prices were down over 6% in July, due to both U.S. dollar strength and a disclosure from China s
central bank that it had purchased less gold during the prior six years than markets realized. Short positions in energy markets
profited from falling Brent and WTI crude oil prices. Short exposure to commodity exporting currencies and long fixed income positions
also made gains. The Fund finished the month with a gain of 5.68%, 5.83% and 5.93% for Class A, B and I units, respectively. 

August  

 In August, news from China led to a tumultuous month for global
financial markets. China s CSI 300 equity index fell 37% by month end from its June peak, which impacted emerging markets,
before spreading to developed markets, with the S P 500 falling as much as 11% intra-month. Speculation mounted that the Fed
might respond by deferring U.S. interest rate hikes, leading to weakness in the U.S. dollar against the euro and Japanese yen.
Commodity prices also fell for most of the month, but the last three trading days saw a 27% rebound in oil prices, the largest
percentage jump since 1990. 

The Fund came into August with long positions in developed market
equities, and was hit by the sharp sell-off in the second half of the month. Trend following managers moved to a net short position
in stock indices by month-end, but not before incurring losses. In foreign exchange markets, the decline in the U.S. dollar hurt
the Fund s long dollar exposure against major currencies. Early gains in long fixed income and short commodity positions
were offset at month end after sharp, choppy reversals in these markets. The Fund finished the month with a loss. The trading strategies
employed in the Fund have the potential to take advantage of periods of extended market stress, but it is normal to suffer drawdowns
at turning points, as managers respond to new trends and reposition their portfolios. Managers  trading systems are designed
to react to price patterns that evolve over the course of days and months. However, it is important to remember that extreme intraday
and overnight price reversals, which we saw in August, can be challenging to navigate. Despite this month s setback, we believe
that the Fund s managers will be successful over the long-term and deliver valuable diversification for investors 
portfolios. The Fund finished the month with a loss of 5.85%, 5.71% and 5.63% for Class A, B and I units, respectively. 

September  

 The global equity rout which began in August spilled over into
September. In the U.S., the S P 500 declined 2.5% during the month. International stocks fell even more, as the Eurostoxx 50
was down 5.1% and the Nikkei dropped 7.3%. China s slowdown continued to weigh on a broad range of industrial commodities.
An overhang in global supply in crude oil relative to reduced demand caused prices to fall from $50 to $45 per barrel. Amid the
backdrop of weak global growth, the Fed delayed its first interest rate hike and fixed income markets rallied. 

Trend-following managers were able to capitalize on September s
decline in investor risk sentiment. The largest positive contributing sector was fixed income, with profitable long positions in
interest rate futures as well as in long term bonds. Short oil exposure benefited from the sell-off in energy. Equity positions
were small during the month and had little impact on performance. In agricultural markets, the Fund gained on short positions in
cattle futures, as robust growth in herds pushed down prices. However this was offset by short positions in sugar as excessive
rain in Brazil caused prices to spike. The Fund finished the month with a gain of 3.87%, 4.03% and 4.11% for Class A, B and I units,
respectively. 

Liquidity  

There are no known material trends, demands, commitments, events,
or uncertainties at the present time that are reasonably likely to result in the Fund s liquidity increasing or decreasing
in any material way. 

Capital Resources  

The Fund intends to raise additional capital only through the
sale of Units, and does not intend to raise any capital through borrowing. Due to the nature of the Fund s business, the
Fund does not contemplate making capital expenditures. The Fund does not have, nor does it expect to have, any capital assets.
Redemptions, exchanges and sales of Units in the future will affect the amount of funds available for investments in futures contracts,
forward currency contracts and other financial instruments in subsequent periods. It is not possible to estimate the amount, and
therefore the impact, of future capital inflows and outflows related to the sale and redemption of Units. There are no known or
expected material trends, favorable or unfavorable, that would affect the Fund s capital resource arrangements at the present
time. 

39   

Off-Balance Sheet Risk   

The term  off-balance sheet risk  refers to an unrecorded
potential liability that, even though it does not appear on the balance sheet, may result in future obligation or loss. The Fund
trades in futures and forward currency contracts, and is therefore a party to financial instruments with elements of off-balance
sheet market and credit risk. In entering into these contracts there exists a risk to the Fund that such contracts may be significantly
influenced by market conditions, such as interest rate volatility, resulting in such contracts being less valuable. If the markets
should move against all of the futures interests positions of the Fund at the same time, and if the commodity trading advisors
were unable to offset futures interest positions of the Fund, the Fund could lose all of its assets and the limited partners would
realize a 100% loss. The General Partner minimizes market risk through diversification of the portfolio allocations to multiple
trading advisors, and maintenance of a margin-to-equity ratio that rarely exceeds 30%. 

In addition to subjecting the Fund to market risk, upon entering
into futures, swaps, and forward currency contracts there is a risk that the counterparty will not be able to meet its obligations
to the Fund. The counterparty for futures contracts traded in the U.S. and on most foreign exchanges is the clearinghouse associated
with such exchange. In general, clearinghouses are backed by the corporate members of the clearinghouse who are required to share
any financial burden resulting from the non-performance by one of their members and, as such, should significantly reduce this
risk. In cases where the clearinghouse is not backed by the clearing members, as is the case with some foreign exchanges, it is
normally backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions. 

In the case of forward currency contracts, which are traded
on the interbank market rather than on exchanges, the counterparty is generally a single bank or other financial institution, rather
than a group of financial institutions, thus there may be a greater counterparty risk. The General Partner uses only those counterparties
that it believes to be creditworthy for the Fund. All positions of the Fund are valued each day on a mark-to-market basis. There
can be no assurance, however, that any clearing member, clearinghouse or other counterparty will be able to meet its obligations
to the Fund. 

The Fund invests in U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. and foreign
government sponsored enterprise notes, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, asset backed securities and corporate notes.
Should an issuing entity default on its obligation to the Fund, the Fund bears the risk of loss of the amount expected to be received.
The Fund minimizes this risk by only investing in securities and certificates of deposit of firms with high quality debt ratings. 

Significant Accounting Estimates  

A summary of the Fund s significant accounting policies
are included in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. 

The Fund s most significant accounting policy is the valuation
of its assets invested in U.S. and foreign futures and forward currency contracts, and fixed income instruments. The Fund s
futures contracts are exchange-traded, with the fair value of these contracts based on exchange settlement prices. The fair values
of non-exchange-traded contracts, such as forward currency contracts, are based on third-party quoted dealer values on the interbank
market. The fair value of money market funds is based on quoted market prices for identical shares. U.S. Treasury securities are
stated at fair value based on quoted market prices for identical assets in an active market. Notes of U.S. and foreign government
sponsored enterprises, as well as certificates of deposit, commercial paper, asset backed securities and corporate notes, are stated
at fair value based on quoted market prices for similar assets in an active market. Given the valuation sources, there is little
judgment or uncertainty involved in the valuation of these assets, and it is unlikely that materially different amounts would be
reported under different valuation methodologies or assumptions. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk  

Introduction  

The Fund is a speculative commodity pool. The market-sensitive
instruments held by the Fund are acquired for speculative trading purposes, and all or substantially all of the Fund s assets are
subject to the risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive instruments is integral, not incidental,
to the Fund s main line of business. 

Market movements result in frequent changes in the fair market
value of the Fund s open positions and, consequently, in its earnings and cash flow. The Fund s market risk is influenced by a
wide variety of factors, including the level and volatility of exchange rates, interest rates, equity price levels, the market
value of financial instruments and contracts, the diversification effects among the Fund s open positions and the liquidity of
the markets in which it trades. 

The Fund rapidly acquires and liquidates both long and short
positions in a wide range of different markets. Consequently, it is not possible to predict how a particular future market scenario
will affect performance, and the Fund s past performance cannot be relied on as indicative of its future results. 

40   

Standard of Materiality  

Materiality as used in this section,  Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk , is based on an assessment of reasonably possible market movements and the potential losses caused
by such movements, taking into account the leverage, and multiplier features of the Fund s market sensitive instruments. 

Quantifying the Fund s Trading Value at Risk  

The following quantitative disclosures regarding the Fund s
market risk exposures contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995 and other federal securities laws. All quantitative disclosures in this section are deemed to be forward-looking statements
for purposes of the safe harbor, except for statements of historical fact.  

Value at Risk is a measure of the maximum amount which the Fund
could reasonably be expected to lose in a given market sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of the Fund s speculative trading
and the recurrence in the markets traded by the Fund to market movements far exceeding expectations could result in actual trading
or non-trading losses far beyond the indicated Value at Risk or the Fund s experience to date (i.e.,  risk of ruin ).
Risk of ruin is defined to be no more than a 5% chance of losing 20% or more on a monthly basis. In light of the foregoing as well
as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to all future projections, the inclusion of the quantification included in this section
should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Fund s losses in any market sector will be limited
to Value at Risk or by the Fund s attempts to manage its market risk. 

The Fund s risk exposure in the various market sectors traded
by the Fund s Trading Advisors is quantified below in terms of Value at Risk. Due to mark-to-market accounting, any loss
in the fair value of the Fund s open positions is directly reflected in the Fund s earnings. 

Exchange margin requirements have been used by the Fund as the
measure of its Value at Risk. Margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum losses reasonably expected
to be incurred in the fair value of any given contract in 95% - 99% of any one-day interval. The margin levels are established
by dealers and exchanges using historical price studies as well as an assessment of current market volatility and economic fundamentals
to provide a probabilistic estimate of the maximum expected near-term one-day price fluctuation. 

In the case of market sensitive instruments that are not exchange-traded
(includes currencies, certain energy products and metals), the margin requirements required by the forward counterparty is used
as Value at Risk. 

In quantifying the Fund s Value at Risk, 100% positive correlation
in the different positions held in each market risk category has been assumed. Consequently, the margin requirements applicable
to the open contracts have simply been aggregated to determine each trading category s aggregate Value at Risk. The diversification
effects resulting from the fact that the Fund s positions are rarely, if ever, 100% positively correlated, have not been reflected. 

Value at Risk as calculated herein may not be comparable to
similarly titled measures used by others. 

The Fund s Trading Value at Risk in Different
Market Sectors  

The following table indicates the trading Value at Risk associated
with the Fund s open positions by market sector at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. All open position trading risk exposures
of the Fund have been included in calculating the figures set forth below. 

41   

Material Limitations on Value at Risk as an Assessment
of Market Risk.  

The face value of the market sector instruments held by the
Fund is typically many times the applicable margin requirement (margin requirements generally range between 1% and 10% of contract
face value) as well as many times the capitalization of the Fund. The magnitude of the Fund s open positions creates a  risk
of ruin  not typically found in most other investment vehicles. Because of the size of its positions, certain market conditions
- unusual, but historically recurring from time to time - could cause the Fund to incur severe losses over a short period of time.
The foregoing Value at Risk table   as well as the past performance of the Fund   gives no indication of this  risk
of ruin.  

Non-Trading Risk  

The Fund has non-trading market risk on its foreign cash balances
not needed for margin. However, these balances (as well as the market risk they represent) are immaterial. The Fund also has non-trading
market risk as a result of investing a substantial portion of its available assets in U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. government
sponsored enterprise notes, commercial paper, asset backed securities, corporate notes and certificates of deposit. Although these
investments are considered to be high quality, some of the securities purchased are neither guaranteed by the U.S. government nor
supported by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. There is some risk that a security issuer may fail to pay the interest
and principal in a timely manner, or that negative perceptions about the issuer s ability to make such payments will cause
the price of these instruments to decline in value. 

Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Primary Trading
Risk Exposures.  

The following qualitative disclosures regarding the Fund s
market risk exposures - except for those disclosures that are statements of historical fact and the descriptions of how the Fund
manages its primary market risk exposures - constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, ( 1933 Act ) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, ( 1934 Act ).   

The Fund s primary market risk exposures as well as the strategies
used and to be used by the Fund s Trading Advisors for managing such exposures are subject to numerous uncertainties, contingencies
and risks, any one of which could cause the actual results of the Fund s risk controls to differ materially from the objectives
of such strategies. Government interventions, defaults and expropriations, illiquid markets, the emergence of dominant fundamental
factors, political upheavals, changes in historical price relationships, an influx of new market participants, increased regulation
and many other factors could result in material losses as well as in material changes to the risk exposures and the risk management
strategies of the Fund. There can be no assurance that the Fund s current market exposure and/or risk management strategies will
not change materially or that any such strategies will be effective in either the short- or long-term. Investors must be prepared
to lose all or substantially all of their investment in the Fund. 

The following were the primary trading risk exposures of the
Fund as of September 30, 2016, by market sector. 

Agricultural Commodities  

 The Fund s primary agricultural exposure is due to price
movements in agricultural commodities, which are often directly affected by severe or unexpected weather conditions as well as
other factors that affect inventory levels or supply and demand characteristics. The Fund s agricultural exposure is primarily
to cotton, coffee, cocoa, cattle, corn, soybeans, sugar and wheat. 

Currencies  

 The Fund s currency risk exposure is due to exchange rate fluctuations,
primarily fluctuations which disrupt the historical pricing relationships between different currencies and currency pairs. These
fluctuations are influenced by interest rate changes as well as political and general economic conditions. The Fund trades various
currencies, including cross-rates (i.e., positions between two currencies other than the U.S. dollar). 

Energy   

 The Fund s primary energy market exposure is due to gas and
oil price movements, often resulting from political developments, ongoing conflicts or production disruptions in the Middle East
and other oil producing nations as well as other factors that can influence supply and demand. Crude oil, heating oil, unleaded
gas and natural gas are the dominant energy market exposures of the Fund. Oil and gas prices can be volatile and substantial profits
and losses have been and are expected to continue to be experienced in this market. 

42   

Equity Indices  

 The Fund s primary equity exposure is due to equity price risk
in many countries other than the U.S. The stock index futures traded by the Fund are limited to futures on broadly based indices.
The Fund is primarily exposed to the risk of adverse price trends or static markets in the major Australian, Canadian, European,
Hong Kong, Japanese and U.S. indices. 

Interest Rate Instruments  

 The Fund s primary interest rate exposure is to interest rate
fluctuations in the U.S., Japan, Great Britain, the European Economic Union, Sweden, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Interest
rate movements directly affect the price of the sovereign bond futures positions held by the Fund and indirectly the value of its
stock index and currency positions. Interest rate movements in one country as well as relative interest rate movements between
countries could materially impact the Fund s profitability. 

Metals  

 The Fund s metals market exposure is primarily due to fluctuations
in the price of aluminum, copper, gold, silver, nickel, platinum, lead and zinc. 

Single Stock Futures  

 The Fund has a very small exposure to single stock futures.
The Fund s single stock futures exposure is primarily due to adverse price movements in the underlying stock. 

Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Non-Trading Risk
Exposure   

The following were the only material non-trading risk exposures
of the Fund as of September 30, 2016. 

Foreign Currency
Balances  

 The Fund s primary foreign currency balances are in euros, Japanese
yen, British pounds, Australian dollars, Hong Kong dollars and Canadian dollars. The Fund controls the non-trading risk of these
balances by regularly converting these balances back into dollars. 

U.S. Treasury Securities,
U.S. and Foreign Government Sponsored Enterprise Notes, Commercial Paper, Corporate Notes, Asset Backed Securities and Certificates
of Deposit  

 Monies in excess of margin requirements are invested in fixed
income instruments, including U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. and foreign government sponsored enterprise notes, commercial paper,
corporate notes, asset backed securities and certificates of deposit. Fluctuations in prevailing interest rates could cause mark-to-market
gains or losses on the Fund s investments; although substantially all of these investments are held to maturity. 

Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Means of Managing
Risk Exposure  

The means by which the Fund and the Fund s trading advisors,
severally, attempt to manage the risk of the Fund s open positions is essentially the same in all market sectors traded. The Fund s
trading advisors apply risk management policies to their respective trading which generally limit the total exposure that may be
taken. In addition, the trading advisors generally follow proprietary diversification guidelines (often formulated in terms of
the balanced volatility between markets and correlated groups). 

The Fund is not aware of any (i) anticipated known demands,
commitments or capital expenditures, (ii) material trends, favorable or unfavorable, in its capital resources, or (iii) trends
or uncertainties that will have a material effect on operations. From time to time, certain regulatory agencies have proposed increased
margin requirements on futures contracts. Because the Fund generally uses a small percentage of assets as margin, the Fund does
not believe that any proposed increase in margin requirements will have a material effect on the Fund s operations. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

The General Partner, with the participation of the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Fund s disclosure controls
and procedures at September 30, 2016 (the  Evaluation Date ). Based on their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer of the General Partner concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, the Fund s disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

There has been no change in internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the period ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Fund s internal control over financial reporting. 

43   

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

There have been no material changes from risk factors disclosed
in the Fund s Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds  

There were no sales of unregistered securities of the Fund during
the three months ended September 30, 2016. Under the Fund s Partnership Agreement, limited partners may redeem their Units
at the end of each calendar month at the then current month-end net asset value per Unit. Redemptions of Units during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

44   

Item 6. Exhibits  

The following exhibits are filed herewith of incorporated by
reference. 

Exhibit No.  
     
          Description of Exhibit    

1.1 (a)  
     Form of Selling Agreement  
 
     3.1 (a)  
     Maryland Certificate of Limited Partnership.  
 
     4.1 (a)  
     Limited Partnership Agreement.  

10.1 (a)  
     Form of Subscription Agreement  
 
     16.1 (a)  
     Letter regarding change in certifying accountant.  
 
      31.01  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the General Partner in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      31.02  
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the General Partner in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.01  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the General Partner in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.02  
     
          Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the General Partner in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

101.INS  
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

45   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the General Partner of the Registrant
in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Dated:  November 14, 2016 
     Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership  

By: 
     Steben   Company, Inc.  

General Partner  

By: 
     /s/ Kenneth E. Steben  

Name: 
     Kenneth E. Steben  

Title: 
     President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the General Partner  
(Principal Executive Officer)  

By: 
     /s/ Carl A. Serger  

Name: 
     Carl A. Serger  

Title: 
     Chief Financial Officer and Director of the General Partner  
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

46   

<EX-31.01>
 2
 ex31-01.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership     - 10-Q  

   EXHIBIT
31.01   

Certification
in Accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

I,
Kenneth E. Steben, certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership;    

2.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
                                         or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

3.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;    

4.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
                                         maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
                                         and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
                                         Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)    Designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)    Designed
                                         such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
                                         financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
                                         regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                         for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)    Evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
                                         in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                                         procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;    

d)    Disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
                                         that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
                                         fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
                                         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting; and    

5.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
                                         evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
                                         and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
                                         the equivalent functions):    

a)    All
                                         significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
                                         control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
                                         and    

b)    Any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date:
November 14, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Kenneth
    E. Steben  

Kenneth E. Steben  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of
    the General Partner   

47  

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 ex31-02.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership     - 10-Q       

   EXHIBIT
31.02   

Certification
in Accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

I,
Carl A. Serger, certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership;    

2.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
                                         or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

3.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;    

4.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
                                         maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
                                         and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
                                         Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)    Designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)    Designed
                                         such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
                                         financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
                                         regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                         for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)    Evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
                                         in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                                         procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;    

d)    Disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
                                         that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
                                         fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
                                         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting; and    

5.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
                                         evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
                                         and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
                                         the equivalent functions):    

a)    All
                                         significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
                                         control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
                                         and    

b)    Any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date:
November 14, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Carl A.
    Serger  

Carl A. Serger  

Chief Financial Officer and Director of the General
    Partner   

48  

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 ex32-01.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership     - 10-Q      

   EXHIBIT
32.01   

Certification
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In
connection with the quarterly report of Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership ( Fund ), on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( Report ),
I, Kenneth E. Steben, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steben   Company, Inc., the General Partner of the Fund, certify,
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.  1350), that:  

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and  

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Fund .   

Date: November
14, 2016  

By:  
       /s/ Kenneth E. Steben  

Kenneth E. Steben  

President and Chief Executive Officer of the General
    Partner   

49  

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 ex32-02.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership     - 10-Q       

   EXHIBIT
32.02   

Certification
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In
connection with the quarterly report of Futures Portfolio Fund, Limited Partnership ( Fund ), on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( Report ),
I, Carl A. Serger, Chief Financial Officer of Steben   Company, Inc., the General Partner of the Fund, certify, pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.  1350), that:  

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and  

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Fund .   

Date: November
14, 2016  

By:  
       /s/ Carl A. Serger  

Carl A. Serger  

Chief Financial Officer of the General Partner  

50  

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fpf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fpf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fpf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fpf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fpf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fpf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

